## Summary for 2021-09-30, created on 2021-12-16


<details><summary><b>Mining for strong gravitational lenses with self-supervised learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00023">arxiv:2110.00023</a>
&#x1F4C8; 83 <br>
<p>George Stein, Jacqueline Blaum, Peter Harrington, Tomislav Medan, Zarija Lukic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We employ self-supervised representation learning to distill information from 76 million galaxy images from the Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument (DESI) Legacy Imaging Surveys' Data Release 9. Targeting the identification of new strong gravitational lens candidates, we first create a rapid similarity search tool to discover new strong lenses given only a single labelled example. We then show how training a simple linear classifier on the self-supervised representations, requiring only a few minutes on a CPU, can automatically classify strong lenses with great efficiency. We present 1192 new strong lens candidates that we identified through a brief visual identification campaign, and release an interactive web-based similarity search tool and the top network predictions to facilitate crowd-sourcing rapid discovery of additional strong gravitational lenses and other rare objects: github.com/georgestein/ssl-legacysurvey

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Comparing Sequential Forecasters</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00115">arxiv:2110.00115</a>
&#x1F4C8; 66 <br>
<p>Yo Joong Choe, Aaditya Ramdas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Consider two or more forecasters, each making a sequence of predictions for different events over time. We ask a relatively basic question: how might we compare these forecasters, either online or post-hoc, while avoiding unverifiable assumptions on how the forecasts or outcomes were generated? This work presents a novel and rigorous answer to this question. We design a sequential inference procedure for estimating the time-varying difference in forecast quality as measured by a relatively large class of proper scoring rules (bounded scores with a linear equivalent). The resulting confidence intervals are nonasymptotically valid, and can be continuously monitored to yield statistically valid comparisons at arbitrary data-dependent stopping times ("anytime-valid"); this is enabled by adapting variance-adaptive supermartingales, confidence sequences, and e-processes to our setting. Motivated by Shafer and Vovk's game-theoretic probability, our coverage guarantees are also distribution-free, in the sense that they make no distributional assumptions on the forecasts or outcomes. In contrast to a recent work by Henzi and Ziegel, our tools can sequentially test a weak null hypothesis about whether one forecaster outperforms another on average over time. We demonstrate their effectiveness by comparing forecasts on Major League Baseball (MLB) games and statistical postprocessing methods for ensemble weather forecasts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepMCAT: Large-Scale Deep Clustering for Medical Image Categorization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00109">arxiv:2110.00109</a>
&#x1F4C8; 54 <br>
<p>Turkay Kart, Wenjia Bai, Ben Glocker, Daniel Rueckert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, the research landscape of machine learning in medical imaging has changed drastically from supervised to semi-, weakly- or unsupervised methods. This is mainly due to the fact that ground-truth labels are time-consuming and expensive to obtain manually. Generating labels from patient metadata might be feasible but it suffers from user-originated errors which introduce biases. In this work, we propose an unsupervised approach for automatically clustering and categorizing large-scale medical image datasets, with a focus on cardiac MR images, and without using any labels. We investigated the end-to-end training using both class-balanced and imbalanced large-scale datasets. Our method was able to create clusters with high purity and achieved over 0.99 cluster purity on these datasets. The results demonstrate the potential of the proposed method for categorizing unstructured large medical databases, such as organizing clinical PACS systems in hospitals.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Seeing Glass: Joint Point Cloud and Depth Completion for Transparent Objects</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00087">arxiv:2110.00087</a>
&#x1F4C8; 46 <br>
<p>Haoping Xu, Yi Ru Wang, Sagi Eppel, Alàn Aspuru-Guzik, Florian Shkurti, Animesh Garg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The basis of many object manipulation algorithms is RGB-D input. Yet, commodity RGB-D sensors can only provide distorted depth maps for a wide range of transparent objects due light refraction and absorption. To tackle the perception challenges posed by transparent objects, we propose TranspareNet, a joint point cloud and depth completion method, with the ability to complete the depth of transparent objects in cluttered and complex scenes, even with partially filled fluid contents within the vessels. To address the shortcomings of existing transparent object data collection schemes in literature, we also propose an automated dataset creation workflow that consists of robot-controlled image collection and vision-based automatic annotation. Through this automated workflow, we created Toronto Transparent Objects Depth Dataset (TODD), which consists of nearly 15000 RGB-D images. Our experimental evaluation demonstrates that TranspareNet outperforms existing state-of-the-art depth completion methods on multiple datasets, including ClearGrasp, and that it also handles cluttered scenes when trained on TODD. Code and dataset will be released at https://www.pair.toronto.edu/TranspareNet/

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Emergence of Theory of Mind Collaboration in Multiagent Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00121">arxiv:2110.00121</a>
&#x1F4C8; 32 <br>
<p>Luyao Yuan, Zipeng Fu, Linqi Zhou, Kexin Yang, Song-Chun Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Currently, in the study of multiagent systems, the intentions of agents are usually ignored. Nonetheless, as pointed out by Theory of Mind (ToM), people regularly reason about other's mental states, including beliefs, goals, and intentions, to obtain performance advantage in competition, cooperation or coalition. However, due to its intrinsic recursion and intractable modeling of distribution over belief, integrating ToM in multiagent planning and decision making is still a challenge. In this paper, we incorporate ToM in multiagent partially observable Markov decision process (POMDP) and propose an adaptive training algorithm to develop effective collaboration between agents with ToM. We evaluate our algorithms with two games, where our algorithm surpasses all previous decentralized execution algorithms without modeling ToM.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Inducing Transformer's Compositional Generalization Ability via Auxiliary Sequence Prediction Tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15256">arxiv:2109.15256</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Yichen Jiang, Mohit Bansal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Systematic compositionality is an essential mechanism in human language, allowing the recombination of known parts to create novel expressions. However, existing neural models have been shown to lack this basic ability in learning symbolic structures. Motivated by the failure of a Transformer model on the SCAN compositionality challenge (Lake and Baroni, 2018), which requires parsing a command into actions, we propose two auxiliary sequence prediction tasks that track the progress of function and argument semantics, as additional training supervision. These automatically-generated sequences are more representative of the underlying compositional symbolic structures of the input data. During inference, the model jointly predicts the next action and the next tokens in the auxiliary sequences at each step. Experiments on the SCAN dataset show that our method encourages the Transformer to understand compositional structures of the command, improving its accuracy on multiple challenging splits from <= 10% to 100%. With only 418 (5%) training instances, our approach still achieves 97.8% accuracy on the MCD1 split. Therefore, we argue that compositionality can be induced in Transformers given minimal but proper guidance. We also show that a better result is achieved using less contextualized vectors as the attention's query, providing insights into architecture choices in achieving systematic compositionality. Finally, we show positive generalization results on the groundedSCAN task (Ruis et al., 2020). Our code is publicly available at: https://github.com/jiangycTarheel/compositional-auxseq

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Review of Text Style Transfer using Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15144">arxiv:2109.15144</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Martina Toshevska, Sonja Gievska</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Style is an integral component of a sentence indicated by the choice of words a person makes. Different people have different ways of expressing themselves, however, they adjust their speaking and writing style to a social context, an audience, an interlocutor or the formality of an occasion. Text style transfer is defined as a task of adapting and/or changing the stylistic manner in which a sentence is written, while preserving the meaning of the original sentence.
  A systematic review of text style transfer methodologies using deep learning is presented in this paper. We point out the technological advances in deep neural networks that have been the driving force behind current successes in the fields of natural language understanding and generation. The review is structured around two key stages in the text style transfer process, namely, representation learning and sentence generation in a new style. The discussion highlights the commonalities and differences between proposed solutions as well as challenges and opportunities that are expected to direct and foster further research in the field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CrossCLR: Cross-modal Contrastive Learning For Multi-modal Video Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14910">arxiv:2109.14910</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Mohammadreza Zolfaghari, Yi Zhu, Peter Gehler, Thomas Brox</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Contrastive learning allows us to flexibly define powerful losses by contrasting positive pairs from sets of negative samples. Recently, the principle has also been used to learn cross-modal embeddings for video and text, yet without exploiting its full potential. In particular, previous losses do not take the intra-modality similarities into account, which leads to inefficient embeddings, as the same content is mapped to multiple points in the embedding space. With CrossCLR, we present a contrastive loss that fixes this issue. Moreover, we define sets of highly related samples in terms of their input embeddings and exclude them from the negative samples to avoid issues with false negatives. We show that these principles consistently improve the quality of the learned embeddings. The joint embeddings learned with CrossCLR extend the state of the art in video-text retrieval on Youcook2 and LSMDC datasets and in video captioning on Youcook2 dataset by a large margin. We also demonstrate the generality of the concept by learning improved joint embeddings for other pairs of modalities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>#ContextMatters: Advantages and Limitations of Using Machine Learning to Support Women in Politics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00116">arxiv:2110.00116</a>
&#x1F4C8; 19 <br>
<p>Jacqueline Comer, Sam Work, Kory W Mathewson, Lana Cuthbertson, Kasey Machin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The United Nations identified gender equality as a Sustainable Development Goal in 2015, recognizing the underrepresentation of women in politics as a specific barrier to achieving gender equality. Political systems around the world experience gender inequality across all levels of elected government as fewer women run for office than men. This is due in part to online abuse, particularly on social media platforms like Twitter, where women seeking or in power tend to be targeted with more toxic maltreatment than their male counterparts. In this paper, we present reflections on ParityBOT - the first natural language processing-based intervention designed to affect online discourse for women in politics for the better, at scale. Deployed across elections in Canada, the United States and New Zealand, ParityBOT was used to analyse and classify more than 12 million tweets directed at women candidates and counter toxic tweets with supportive ones. From these elections we present three case studies highlighting the current limitations of, and future research and application opportunities for, using a natural language processing-based system to detect online toxicity, specifically with regards to contextually important microaggressions. We examine the rate of false negatives, where ParityBOT failed to pick up on insults directed at specific high profile women, which would be obvious to human users. We examine the unaddressed harms of microaggressions and the potential of yet unseen damage they cause for women in these communities, and for progress towards gender equality overall, in light of these technological blindspots. This work concludes with a discussion on the benefits of partnerships between nonprofit social groups and technology experts to develop responsible, socially impactful approaches to addressing online hate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Iterative Teacher-Aware Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00137">arxiv:2110.00137</a>
&#x1F4C8; 17 <br>
<p>Luyao Yuan, Dongruo Zhou, Junhong Shen, Jingdong Gao, Jeffrey L. Chen, Quanquan Gu, Ying Nian Wu, Song-Chun Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In human pedagogy, teachers and students can interact adaptively to maximize communication efficiency. The teacher adjusts her teaching method for different students, and the student, after getting familiar with the teacher's instruction mechanism, can infer the teacher's intention to learn faster. Recently, the benefits of integrating this cooperative pedagogy into machine concept learning in discrete spaces have been proved by multiple works. However, how cooperative pedagogy can facilitate machine parameter learning hasn't been thoroughly studied. In this paper, we propose a gradient optimization based teacher-aware learner who can incorporate teacher's cooperative intention into the likelihood function and learn provably faster compared with the naive learning algorithms used in previous machine teaching works. We give theoretical proof that the iterative teacher-aware learning (ITAL) process leads to local and global improvements. We then validate our algorithms with extensive experiments on various tasks including regression, classification, and inverse reinforcement learning using synthetic and real data. We also show the advantage of modeling teacher-awareness when agents are learning from human teachers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Few-Shot Action Recognition via Action-Appearance Aligned Meta-Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15317">arxiv:2109.15317</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Jay Patravali, Gaurav Mittal, Ye Yu, Fuxin Li, Mei Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present MetaUVFS as the first Unsupervised Meta-learning algorithm for Video Few-Shot action recognition. MetaUVFS leverages over 550K unlabeled videos to train a two-stream 2D and 3D CNN architecture via contrastive learning to capture the appearance-specific spatial and action-specific spatio-temporal video features respectively. MetaUVFS comprises a novel Action-Appearance Aligned Meta-adaptation (A3M) module that learns to focus on the action-oriented video features in relation to the appearance features via explicit few-shot episodic meta-learning over unsupervised hard-mined episodes. Our action-appearance alignment and explicit few-shot learner conditions the unsupervised training to mimic the downstream few-shot task, enabling MetaUVFS to significantly outperform all unsupervised methods on few-shot benchmarks. Moreover, unlike previous few-shot action recognition methods that are supervised, MetaUVFS needs neither base-class labels nor a supervised pretrained backbone. Thus, we need to train MetaUVFS just once to perform competitively or sometimes even outperform state-of-the-art supervised methods on popular HMDB51, UCF101, and Kinetics100 few-shot datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Moving Object Detection for Event-based vision using Graph Spectral Clustering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14979">arxiv:2109.14979</a>
&#x1F4C8; 11 <br>
<p>Anindya Mondal, Shashant R, Jhony H. Giraldo, Thierry Bouwmans, Ananda S. Chowdhury</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Moving object detection has been a central topic of discussion in computer vision for its wide range of applications like in self-driving cars, video surveillance, security, and enforcement. Neuromorphic Vision Sensors (NVS) are bio-inspired sensors that mimic the working of the human eye. Unlike conventional frame-based cameras, these sensors capture a stream of asynchronous 'events' that pose multiple advantages over the former, like high dynamic range, low latency, low power consumption, and reduced motion blur. However, these advantages come at a high cost, as the event camera data typically contains more noise and has low resolution. Moreover, as event-based cameras can only capture the relative changes in brightness of a scene, event data do not contain usual visual information (like texture and color) as available in video data from normal cameras. So, moving object detection in event-based cameras becomes an extremely challenging task. In this paper, we present an unsupervised Graph Spectral Clustering technique for Moving Object Detection in Event-based data (GSCEventMOD). We additionally show how the optimum number of moving objects can be automatically determined. Experimental comparisons on publicly available datasets show that the proposed GSCEventMOD algorithm outperforms a number of state-of-the-art techniques by a maximum margin of 30%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>iShape: A First Step Towards Irregular Shape Instance Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15068">arxiv:2109.15068</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Lei Yang, Yan Zi Wei, Yisheng HE, Wei Sun, Zhenhang Huang, Haibin Huang, Haoqiang Fan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we introduce a brand new dataset to promote the study of instance segmentation for objects with irregular shapes. Our key observation is that though irregularly shaped objects widely exist in daily life and industrial scenarios, they received little attention in the instance segmentation field due to the lack of corresponding datasets. To fill this gap, we propose iShape, an irregular shape dataset for instance segmentation. iShape contains six sub-datasets with one real and five synthetics, each represents a scene of a typical irregular shape. Unlike most existing instance segmentation datasets of regular objects, iShape has many characteristics that challenge existing instance segmentation algorithms, such as large overlaps between bounding boxes of instances, extreme aspect ratios, and large numbers of connected components per instance. We benchmark popular instance segmentation methods on iShape and find their performance drop dramatically. Hence, we propose an affinity-based instance segmentation algorithm, called ASIS, as a stronger baseline. ASIS explicitly combines perception and reasoning to solve Arbitrary Shape Instance Segmentation including irregular objects. Experimental results show that ASIS outperforms the state-of-the-art on iShape. Dataset and code are available at https://ishape.github.io

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Noise2Recon: A Semi-Supervised Framework for Joint MRI Reconstruction and Denoising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00075">arxiv:2110.00075</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Arjun D Desai, Batu M Ozturkler, Christopher M Sandino, Shreyas Vasanawala, Brian A Hargreaves, Christopher M Re, John M Pauly, Akshay S Chaudhari</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning (DL) has shown promise for faster, high quality accelerated MRI reconstruction. However, standard supervised DL methods depend on extensive amounts of fully-sampled ground-truth data and are sensitive to out-of-distribution (OOD) shifts, in particular for low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) acquisitions. To alleviate this challenge, we propose a semi-supervised, consistency-based framework (termed Noise2Recon) for joint MR reconstruction and denoising. Our method enables the usage of a limited number of fully-sampled and a large number of undersampled-only scans. We compare our method to augmentation-based supervised techniques and fine-tuned denoisers. Results demonstrate that even with minimal ground-truth data, Noise2Recon (1) achieves high performance on in-distribution (low-noise) scans and (2) improves generalizability to OOD, noisy scans.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Homography Estimation in Dynamic Surgical Scenes for Laparoscopic Camera Motion Extraction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15098">arxiv:2109.15098</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Martin Huber, Sébastien Ourselin, Christos Bergeles, Tom Vercauteren</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Current laparoscopic camera motion automation relies on rule-based approaches or only focuses on surgical tools. Imitation Learning (IL) methods could alleviate these shortcomings, but have so far been applied to oversimplified setups. Instead of extracting actions from oversimplified setups, in this work we introduce a method that allows to extract a laparoscope holder's actions from videos of laparoscopic interventions. We synthetically add camera motion to a newly acquired dataset of camera motion free da Vinci surgery image sequences through a novel homography generation algorithm. The synthetic camera motion serves as a supervisory signal for camera motion estimation that is invariant to object and tool motion. We perform an extensive evaluation of state-of-the-art (SOTA) Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) across multiple compute regimes, finding our method transfers from our camera motion free da Vinci surgery dataset to videos of laparoscopic interventions, outperforming classical homography estimation approaches in both, precision by 41%, and runtime on a CPU by 43%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Contextual Video Compression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15047">arxiv:2109.15047</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Jiahao Li, Bin Li, Yan Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most of the existing neural video compression methods adopt the predictive coding framework, which first generates the predicted frame and then encodes its residue with the current frame. However, as for compression ratio, predictive coding is only a sub-optimal solution as it uses simple subtraction operation to remove the redundancy across frames. In this paper, we propose a deep contextual video compression framework to enable a paradigm shift from predictive coding to conditional coding. In particular, we try to answer the following questions: how to define, use, and learn condition under a deep video compression framework. To tap the potential of conditional coding, we propose using feature domain context as condition. This enables us to leverage the high dimension context to carry rich information to both the encoder and the decoder, which helps reconstruct the high-frequency contents for higher video quality. Our framework is also extensible, in which the condition can be flexibly designed. Experiments show that our method can significantly outperform the previous state-of-the-art (SOTA) deep video compression methods. When compared with x265 using veryslow preset, we can achieve 26.0% bitrate saving for 1080P standard test videos.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MobTCast: Leveraging Auxiliary Trajectory Forecasting for Human Mobility Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.01401">arxiv:2110.01401</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Hao Xue, Flora D. Salim, Yongli Ren, Nuria Oliver</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human mobility prediction is a core functionality in many location-based services and applications. However, due to the sparsity of mobility data, it is not an easy task to predict future POIs (place-of-interests) that are going to be visited. In this paper, we propose MobTCast, a Transformer-based context-aware network for mobility prediction. Specifically, we explore the influence of four types of context in the mobility prediction: temporal, semantic, social and geographical contexts. We first design a base mobility feature extractor using the Transformer architecture, which takes both the history POI sequence and the semantic information as input. It handles both the temporal and semantic contexts. Based on the base extractor and the social connections of a user, we employ a self-attention module to model the influence of the social context. Furthermore, unlike existing methods, we introduce a location prediction branch in MobTCast as an auxiliary task to model the geographical context and predict the next location. Intuitively, the geographical distance between the location of the predicted POI and the predicted location from the auxiliary branch should be as close as possible. To reflect this relation, we design a consistency loss to further improve the POI prediction performance. In our experimental results, MobTCast outperforms other state-of-the-art next POI prediction methods. Our approach illustrates the value of including different types of context in next POI prediction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bend-Net: Bending Loss Regularized Multitask Learning Network for Nuclei Segmentation in Histopathology Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15283">arxiv:2109.15283</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Haotian Wang, Aleksandar Vakanski, Changfa Shi, Min Xian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Separating overlapped nuclei is a major challenge in histopathology image analysis. Recently published approaches have achieved promising overall performance on nuclei segmentation; however, their performance on separating overlapped nuclei is quite limited. To address the issue, we propose a novel multitask learning network with a bending loss regularizer to separate overlapped nuclei accurately. The newly proposed multitask learning architecture enhances the generalization by learning shared representation from three tasks: instance segmentation, nuclei distance map prediction, and overlapped nuclei distance map prediction. The proposed bending loss defines high penalties to concave contour points with large curvatures, and applies small penalties to convex contour points with small curvatures. Minimizing the bending loss avoids generating contours that encompass multiple nuclei. In addition, two new quantitative metrics, Aggregated Jaccard Index of overlapped nuclei (AJIO) and Accuracy of overlapped nuclei (ACCO), are designed for the evaluation of overlapped nuclei segmentation. We validate the proposed approach on the CoNSeP and MoNuSegv1 datasets using seven quantitative metrics: Aggregate Jaccard Index, Dice, Segmentation Quality, Recognition Quality, Panoptic Quality, AJIO, and ACCO. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed Bend-Net outperforms eight state-of-the-art approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HSVA: Hierarchical Semantic-Visual Adaptation for Zero-Shot Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15163">arxiv:2109.15163</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Shiming Chen, Guo-Sen Xie, Yang Liu, Qinmu Peng, Baigui Sun, Hao Li, Xinge You, Ling Shao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Zero-shot learning (ZSL) tackles the unseen class recognition problem, transferring semantic knowledge from seen classes to unseen ones. Typically, to guarantee desirable knowledge transfer, a common (latent) space is adopted for associating the visual and semantic domains in ZSL. However, existing common space learning methods align the semantic and visual domains by merely mitigating distribution disagreement through one-step adaptation. This strategy is usually ineffective due to the heterogeneous nature of the feature representations in the two domains, which intrinsically contain both distribution and structure variations. To address this and advance ZSL, we propose a novel hierarchical semantic-visual adaptation (HSVA) framework. Specifically, HSVA aligns the semantic and visual domains by adopting a hierarchical two-step adaptation, i.e., structure adaptation and distribution adaptation. In the structure adaptation step, we take two task-specific encoders to encode the source data (visual domain) and the target data (semantic domain) into a structure-aligned common space. To this end, a supervised adversarial discrepancy (SAD) module is proposed to adversarially minimize the discrepancy between the predictions of two task-specific classifiers, thus making the visual and semantic feature manifolds more closely aligned. In the distribution adaptation step, we directly minimize the Wasserstein distance between the latent multivariate Gaussian distributions to align the visual and semantic distributions using a common encoder. Finally, the structure and distribution adaptation are derived in a unified framework under two partially-aligned variational autoencoders. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets demonstrate that HSVA achieves superior performance on both conventional and generalized ZSL. The code is available at \url{https://github.com/shiming-chen/HSVA} .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Workflow Augmentation of Video Data for Event Recognition with Time-Sensitive Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15063">arxiv:2109.15063</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Andreas Wachter, Werner Nahm</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Supervised training of neural networks requires large, diverse and well annotated data sets. In the medical field, this is often difficult to achieve due to constraints in time, expert knowledge and prevalence of an event. Artificial data augmentation can help to prevent overfitting and improve the detection of rare events as well as overall performance. However, most augmentation techniques use purely spatial transformations, which are not sufficient for video data with temporal correlations. In this paper, we present a novel methodology for workflow augmentation and demonstrate its benefit for event recognition in cataract surgery. The proposed approach increases the frequency of event alternation by creating artificial videos. The original video is split into event segments and a workflow graph is extracted from the original annotations. Finally, the segments are assembled into new videos based on the workflow graph. Compared to the original videos, the frequency of event alternation in the augmented cataract surgery videos increased by 26%. Further, a 3% higher classification accuracy and a 7.8% higher precision was achieved compared to a state-of-the-art approach. Our approach is particularly helpful to increase the occurrence of rare but important events and can be applied to a large variety of use cases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SPATE-GAN: Improved Generative Modeling of Dynamic Spatio-Temporal Patterns with an Autoregressive Embedding Loss</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15044">arxiv:2109.15044</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Konstantin Klemmer, Tianlin Xu, Beatrice Acciaio, Daniel B. Neill</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** From ecology to atmospheric sciences, many academic disciplines deal with data characterized by intricate spatio-temporal complexities, the modeling of which often requires specialized approaches. Generative models of these data are of particular interest, as they enable a range of impactful downstream applications like simulation or creating synthetic training data. Recent work has highlighted the potential of generative adversarial nets (GANs) for generating spatio-temporal data. A new GAN algorithm COT-GAN, inspired by the theory of causal optimal transport (COT), was proposed in an attempt to better tackle this challenge. However, the task of learning more complex spatio-temporal patterns requires additional knowledge of their specific data structures. In this study, we propose a novel loss objective combined with COT-GAN based on an autoregressive embedding to reinforce the learning of spatio-temporal dynamics. We devise SPATE (spatio-temporal association), a new metric measuring spatio-temporal autocorrelation by using the deviance of observations from their expected values. We compute SPATE for real and synthetic data samples and use it to compute an embedding loss that considers space-time interactions, nudging the GAN to learn outputs that are faithful to the observed dynamics. We test this new objective on a diverse set of complex spatio-temporal patterns: turbulent flows, log-Gaussian Cox processes and global weather data. We show that our novel embedding loss improves performance without any changes to the architecture of the COT-GAN backbone, highlighting our model's increased capacity for capturing autoregressive structures. We also contextualize our work with respect to recent advances in physics-informed deep learning and interdisciplinary work connecting neural networks with geographic and geophysical sciences.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Deep Learning Localization Method for Measuring Abdominal Muscle Dimensions in Ultrasound Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14919">arxiv:2109.14919</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Alzayat Saleh, Issam H. Laradji, Corey Lammie, David Vazquez, Carol A Flavell, Mostafa Rahimi Azghadi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Health professionals extensively use Two- Dimensional (2D) Ultrasound (US) videos and images to visualize and measure internal organs for various purposes including evaluation of muscle architectural changes. US images can be used to measure abdominal muscles dimensions for the diagnosis and creation of customized treatment plans for patients with Low Back Pain (LBP), however, they are difficult to interpret. Due to high variability, skilled professionals with specialized training are required to take measurements to avoid low intra-observer reliability. This variability stems from the challenging nature of accurately finding the correct spatial location of measurement endpoints in abdominal US images. In this paper, we use a Deep Learning (DL) approach to automate the measurement of the abdominal muscle thickness in 2D US images. By treating the problem as a localization task, we develop a modified Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) architecture to generate blobs of coordinate locations of measurement endpoints, similar to what a human operator does. We demonstrate that using the TrA400 US image dataset, our network achieves a Mean Absolute Error (MAE) of 0.3125 on the test set, which almost matches the performance of skilled ultrasound technicians. Our approach can facilitate next steps for automating the process of measurements in 2D US images, while reducing inter-observer as well as intra-observer variability for more effective clinical outcomes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DAAS: Differentiable Architecture and Augmentation Policy Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15273">arxiv:2109.15273</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Xiaoxing Wang, Xiangxiang Chu, Junchi Yan, Xiaokang Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural architecture search (NAS) has been an active direction of automatic machine learning (Auto-ML), aiming to explore efficient network structures. The searched architecture is evaluated by training on datasets with fixed data augmentation policies. However, recent works on auto-augmentation show that the suited augmentation policies can vary over different structures. Therefore, this work considers the possible coupling between neural architectures and data augmentation and proposes an effective algorithm jointly searching for them. Specifically, 1) for the NAS task, we adopt a single-path based differentiable method with Gumbel-softmax reparameterization strategy due to its memory efficiency; 2) for the auto-augmentation task, we introduce a novel search method based on policy gradient algorithm, which can significantly reduce the computation complexity. Our approach achieves 97.91% accuracy on CIFAR-10 and 76.6% Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet dataset, showing the outstanding performance of our search algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>You Cannot Easily Catch Me: A Low-Detectable Adversarial Patch for Object Detectors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15177">arxiv:2109.15177</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Zijian Zhu, Hang Su, Chang Liu, Wenzhao Xiang, Shibao Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Blind spots or outright deceit can bedevil and deceive machine learning models. Unidentified objects such as digital "stickers," also known as adversarial patches, can fool facial recognition systems, surveillance systems and self-driving cars. Fortunately, most existing adversarial patches can be outwitted, disabled and rejected by a simple classification network called an adversarial patch detector, which distinguishes adversarial patches from original images. An object detector classifies and predicts the types of objects within an image, such as by distinguishing a motorcyclist from the motorcycle, while also localizing each object's placement within the image by "drawing" so-called bounding boxes around each object, once again separating the motorcyclist from the motorcycle. To train detectors even better, however, we need to keep subjecting them to confusing or deceitful adversarial patches as we probe for the models' blind spots. For such probes, we came up with a novel approach, a Low-Detectable Adversarial Patch, which attacks an object detector with small and texture-consistent adversarial patches, making these adversaries less likely to be recognized. Concretely, we use several geometric primitives to model the shapes and positions of the patches. To enhance our attack performance, we also assign different weights to the bounding boxes in terms of loss function. Our experiments on the common detection dataset COCO as well as the driving-video dataset D2-City show that LDAP is an effective attack method, and can resist the adversarial patch detector.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Variational learning of quantum ground states on spiking neuromorphic hardware</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15169">arxiv:2109.15169</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Robert Klassert, Andreas Baumbach, Mihai A. Petrovici, Martin Gärttner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent research has demonstrated the usefulness of neural networks as variational ansatz functions for quantum many-body states. However, high-dimensional sampling spaces and transient autocorrelations confront these approaches with a challenging computational bottleneck. Compared to conventional neural networks, physical-model devices offer a fast, efficient and inherently parallel substrate capable of related forms of Markov chain Monte Carlo sampling. Here, we demonstrate the ability of a neuromorphic chip to represent the ground states of quantum spin models by variational energy minimization. We develop a training algorithm and apply it to the transverse field Ising model, showing good performance at moderate system sizes ($N\leq 10$). A systematic hyperparameter study shows that scalability to larger system sizes mainly depends on sample quality, which is limited by temporal parameter variations on the analog neuromorphic chip. Our work thus provides an important step towards harnessing the capabilities of neuromorphic hardware for tackling the curse of dimensionality in quantum many-body problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Causal Matrix Completion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15154">arxiv:2109.15154</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Anish Agarwal, Munther Dahleh, Devavrat Shah, Dennis Shen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Matrix completion is the study of recovering an underlying matrix from a sparse subset of noisy observations. Traditionally, it is assumed that the entries of the matrix are "missing completely at random" (MCAR), i.e., each entry is revealed at random, independent of everything else, with uniform probability. This is likely unrealistic due to the presence of "latent confounders", i.e., unobserved factors that determine both the entries of the underlying matrix and the missingness pattern in the observed matrix. For example, in the context of movie recommender systems -- a canonical application for matrix completion -- a user who vehemently dislikes horror films is unlikely to ever watch horror films. In general, these confounders yield "missing not at random" (MNAR) data, which can severely impact any inference procedure that does not correct for this bias. We develop a formal causal model for matrix completion through the language of potential outcomes, and provide novel identification arguments for a variety of causal estimands of interest. We design a procedure, which we call "synthetic nearest neighbors" (SNN), to estimate these causal estimands. We prove finite-sample consistency and asymptotic normality of our estimator. Our analysis also leads to new theoretical results for the matrix completion literature. In particular, we establish entry-wise, i.e., max-norm, finite-sample consistency and asymptotic normality results for matrix completion with MNAR data. As a special case, this also provides entry-wise bounds for matrix completion with MCAR data. Across simulated and real data, we demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed estimator.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting Code Review Completion Time in Modern Code Review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15141">arxiv:2109.15141</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Moataz Chouchen, Jefferson Olongo, Ali Ouni, Mohamed Wiem Mkaouer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Context. Modern Code Review (MCR) is being adopted in both open source and commercial projects as a common practice. MCR is a widely acknowledged quality assurance practice that allows early detection of defects as well as poor coding practices. It also brings several other benefits such as knowledge sharing, team awareness, and collaboration.
  Problem. In practice, code reviews can experience significant delays to be completed due to various socio-technical factors which can affect the project quality and cost. For a successful review process, peer reviewers should perform their review tasks in a timely manner while providing relevant feedback about the code change being reviewed. However, there is a lack of tool support to help developers estimating the time required to complete a code review prior to accepting or declining a review request.
  Objective. Our objective is to build and validate an effective approach to predict the code review completion time in the context of MCR and help developers better manage and prioritize their code review tasks.
  Method. We formulate the prediction of the code review completion time as a learning problem. In particular, we propose a framework based on regression models to (i) effectively estimate the code review completion time, and (ii) understand the main factors influencing code review completion time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Compositional generalization in semantic parsing with pretrained transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15101">arxiv:2109.15101</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>A. Emin Orhan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large-scale pretraining instills large amounts of knowledge in deep neural networks. This, in turn, improves the generalization behavior of these models in downstream tasks. What exactly are the limits to the generalization benefits of large-scale pretraining? Here, we report observations from some simple experiments aimed at addressing this question in the context of two semantic parsing tasks involving natural language, SCAN and COGS. We show that language models pretrained exclusively with non-English corpora, or even with programming language corpora, significantly improve out-of-distribution generalization in these benchmarks, compared with models trained from scratch, even though both benchmarks are English-based. This demonstrates the surprisingly broad transferability of pretrained representations and knowledge. Pretraining with a large-scale protein sequence prediction task, on the other hand, mostly deteriorates the generalization performance in SCAN and COGS, suggesting that pretrained representations do not transfer universally and that there are constraints on the similarity between the pretraining and downstream domains for successful transfer. Finally, we show that larger models are harder to train from scratch and their generalization accuracy is lower when trained up to convergence on the relatively small SCAN and COGS datasets, but the benefits of large-scale pretraining become much clearer with larger models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Principled Causal Effect Estimation by Deep Identifiable Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15062">arxiv:2109.15062</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Pengzhou Wu, Kenji Fukumizu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As an important problem in causal inference, we discuss the estimation of treatment effects (TEs). Representing the confounder as a latent variable, we propose Intact-VAE, a new variant of variational autoencoder (VAE), motivated by the prognostic score that is sufficient for identifying TEs. Our VAE also naturally gives representations balanced for treatment groups, using its prior. Experiments on (semi-)synthetic datasets show state-of-the-art performance under diverse settings, including unobserved confounding. Based on the identifiability of our model, we prove identification of TEs under unconfoundedness, and also discuss (possible) extensions to harder settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Artificial Intelligence behind the winning entry to the 2019 AI Robotic Racing Competition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14985">arxiv:2109.14985</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Christophe De Wagter, Federico Paredes-Vallés, Nilay Sheth, Guido de Croon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Robotics is the next frontier in the progress of Artificial Intelligence (AI), as the real world in which robots operate represents an enormous, complex, continuous state space with inherent real-time requirements. One extreme challenge in robotics is currently formed by autonomous drone racing. Human drone racers can fly through complex tracks at speeds of up to 190 km/h. Achieving similar speeds with autonomous drones signifies tackling fundamental problems in AI under extreme restrictions in terms of resources. In this article, we present the winning solution of the first AI Robotic Racing (AIRR) Circuit, a competition consisting of four races in which all participating teams used the same drone, to which they had limited access. The core of our approach is inspired by how human pilots combine noisy observations of the race gates with their mental model of the drone's dynamics to achieve fast control. Our approach has a large focus on gate detection with an efficient deep neural segmentation network and active vision. Further, we make contributions to robust state estimation and risk-based control. This allowed us to reach speeds of ~9.2m/s in the last race, unrivaled by previous autonomous drone race competitions. Although our solution was the fastest and most robust, it still lost against one of the best human pilots, Gab707. The presented approach indicates a promising direction to close the gap with human drone pilots, forming an important step in bringing AI to the real world.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A novel framework based on deep learning and ANOVA feature selection method for diagnosis of COVID-19 cases from chest X-ray Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.06340">arxiv:2110.06340</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Hamid Nasiri, Seyyed Ali Alavi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The new coronavirus (known as COVID-19) was first identified in Wuhan and quickly spread worldwide, wreaking havoc on the economy and people's everyday lives. Fever, cough, sore throat, headache, exhaustion, muscular aches, and difficulty breathing are all typical symptoms of COVID-19. A reliable detection technique is needed to identify affected individuals and care for them in the early stages of COVID-19 and reduce the virus's transmission. The most accessible method for COVID-19 identification is RT-PCR; however, due to its time commitment and false-negative results, alternative options must be sought. Indeed, compared to RT-PCR, chest CT scans and chest X-ray images provide superior results. Because of the scarcity and high cost of CT scan equipment, X-ray images are preferable for screening. In this paper, a pre-trained network, DenseNet169, was employed to extract features from X-ray images. Features were chosen by a feature selection method (ANOVA) to reduce computations and time complexity while overcoming the curse of dimensionality to improve predictive accuracy. Finally, selected features were classified by XGBoost. The ChestX-ray8 dataset, which was employed to train and evaluate the proposed method. This method reached 98.72% accuracy for two-class classification (COVID-19, healthy) and 92% accuracy for three-class classification (COVID-19, healthy, pneumonia).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PIETS: Parallelised Irregularity Encoders for Forecasting with Heterogeneous Time-Series</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00071">arxiv:2110.00071</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Futoon M. Abushaqra, Hao Xue, Yongli Ren, Flora D. Salim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Heterogeneity and irregularity of multi-source data sets present a significant challenge to time-series analysis. In the literature, the fusion of multi-source time-series has been achieved either by using ensemble learning models which ignore temporal patterns and correlation within features or by defining a fixed-size window to select specific parts of the data sets. On the other hand, many studies have shown major improvement to handle the irregularity of time-series, yet none of these studies has been applied to multi-source data. In this work, we design a novel architecture, PIETS, to model heterogeneous time-series. PIETS has the following characteristics: (1) irregularity encoders for multi-source samples that can leverage all available information and accelerate the convergence of the model; (2) parallelised neural networks to enable flexibility and avoid information overwhelming; and (3) attention mechanism that highlights different information and gives high importance to the most related data. Through extensive experiments on real-world data sets related to COVID-19, we show that the proposed architecture is able to effectively model heterogeneous temporal data and outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches in the prediction task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sparse Quadratic Optimisation over the Stiefel Manifold with Application to Permutation Synchronisation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00053">arxiv:2110.00053</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Florian Bernard, Daniel Cremers, Johan Thunberg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We address the non-convex optimisation problem of finding a sparse matrix on the Stiefel manifold (matrices with mutually orthogonal columns of unit length) that maximises (or minimises) a quadratic objective function. Optimisation problems on the Stiefel manifold occur for example in spectral relaxations of various combinatorial problems, such as graph matching, clustering, or permutation synchronisation. Although sparsity is a desirable property in such settings, it is mostly neglected in spectral formulations since existing solvers, e.g. based on eigenvalue decomposition, are unable to account for sparsity while at the same time maintaining global optimality guarantees. We fill this gap and propose a simple yet effective sparsity-promoting modification of the Orthogonal Iteration algorithm for finding the dominant eigenspace of a matrix. By doing so, we can guarantee that our method finds a Stiefel matrix that is globally optimal with respect to the quadratic objective function, while in addition being sparse. As a motivating application we consider the task of permutation synchronisation, which can be understood as a constrained clustering problem that has particular relevance for matching multiple images or 3D shapes in computer vision, computer graphics, and beyond. We demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms previous methods in this domain.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multilingual AMR Parsing with Noisy Knowledge Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15196">arxiv:2109.15196</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Deng Cai, Xin Li, Jackie Chun-Sing Ho, Lidong Bing, Wai Lam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study multilingual AMR parsing from the perspective of knowledge distillation, where the aim is to learn and improve a multilingual AMR parser by using an existing English parser as its teacher. We constrain our exploration in a strict multilingual setting: there is but one model to parse all different languages including English. We identify that noisy input and precise output are the key to successful distillation. Together with extensive pre-training, we obtain an AMR parser whose performances surpass all previously published results on four different foreign languages, including German, Spanish, Italian, and Chinese, by large margins (up to 18.8 \textsc{Smatch} points on Chinese and on average 11.3 \textsc{Smatch} points). Our parser also achieves comparable performance on English to the latest state-of-the-art English-only parser.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Implementation of Parallel Simplified Swarm Optimization in CUDA</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.01470">arxiv:2110.01470</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Wei-Chang Yeh, Zhenyao Liu, Shi-Yi Tan, Shang-Ke Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As the acquisition cost of the graphics processing unit (GPU) has decreased, personal computers (PC) can handle optimization problems nowadays. In optimization computing, intelligent swarm algorithms (SIAs) method is suitable for parallelization. However, a GPU-based Simplified Swarm Optimization Algorithm has never been proposed. Accordingly, this paper proposed Parallel Simplified Swarm Optimization (PSSO) based on the CUDA platform considering computational ability and versatility. In PSSO, the theoretical value of time complexity of fitness function is O (tNm). There are t iterations and N fitness functions, each of which required pair comparisons m times. pBests and gBest have the resource preemption when updating in previous studies. As the experiment results showed, the time complexity has successfully reduced by an order of magnitude of N, and the problem of resource preemption was avoided entirely.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Belief Representation Learning in Polarized Networks with Information-Theoretic Variational Graph Auto-Encoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00210">arxiv:2110.00210</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jinning Li, Huajie Shao, Dachun Sun, Ruijie Wang, Yuchen Yan, Jinyang Li, Shengzhong Liu, Hanghang Tong, Tarek Abdelzaher</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper develops a novel unsupervised algorithm for belief representation learning in polarized networks that (i) uncovers the latent dimensions of the underlying belief space and (ii) jointly embeds users and content items (that they interact with) into that space in a manner that facilitates a number of downstream tasks, such as stance detection, stance prediction, and ideology mapping. Inspired by total correlation in information theory, we propose a novel Information-Theoretic Variational Graph Auto-Encoder (InfoVGAE) that learns to project both users and content items (e.g., posts that represent user views) into an appropriate disentangled latent space. In order to better disentangle orthogonal latent variables in that space, we develop total correlation regularization, PI control module, and adopt rectified Gaussian Distribution for the latent space. The latent representation of users and content can then be used to quantify their ideological leaning and detect/predict their stances on issues. We evaluate the performance of the proposed InfoVGAE on three real-world datasets, of which two are collected from Twitter and one from U.S. Congress voting records. The evaluation results show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art unsupervised models and produce comparable result with supervised models. We also discuss stance prediction and user ranking within ideological groups.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>UserIdentifier: Implicit User Representations for Simple and Effective Personalized Sentiment Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00135">arxiv:2110.00135</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Fatemehsadat Mireshghallah, Vaishnavi Shrivastava, Milad Shokouhi, Taylor Berg-Kirkpatrick, Robert Sim, Dimitrios Dimitriadis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Global models are trained to be as generalizable as possible, with user invariance considered desirable since the models are shared across multitudes of users. As such, these models are often unable to produce personalized responses for individual users, based on their data. Contrary to widely-used personalization techniques based on few-shot learning, we propose UserIdentifier, a novel scheme for training a single shared model for all users. Our approach produces personalized responses by adding fixed, non-trainable user identifiers to the input data. We empirically demonstrate that this proposed method outperforms the prefix-tuning based state-of-the-art approach by up to 13%, on a suite of sentiment analysis datasets. We also show that, unlike prior work, this method needs neither any additional model parameters nor any extra rounds of few-shot fine-tuning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SpliceOut: A Simple and Efficient Audio Augmentation Method</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00046">arxiv:2110.00046</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Arjit Jain, Pranay Reddy Samala, Deepak Mittal, Preethi Jyoti, Maneesh Singh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Time masking has become a de facto augmentation technique for speech and audio tasks, including automatic speech recognition (ASR) and audio classification, most notably as a part of SpecAugment. In this work, we propose SpliceOut, a simple modification to time masking which makes it computationally more efficient. SpliceOut performs comparably to (and sometimes outperforms) SpecAugment on a wide variety of speech and audio tasks, including ASR for seven different languages using varying amounts of training data, as well as on speech translation, sound and music classification, thus establishing itself as a broadly applicable audio augmentation method. SpliceOut also provides additional gains when used in conjunction with other augmentation techniques. Apart from the fully-supervised setting, we also demonstrate that SpliceOut can complement unsupervised representation learning with performance gains in the semi-supervised and self-supervised settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Focused Contrastive Training for Test-based Constituency Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15159">arxiv:2109.15159</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Benjamin Roth, Erion Çano</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a scheme for self-training of grammaticality models for constituency analysis based on linguistic tests. A pre-trained language model is fine-tuned by contrastive estimation of grammatical sentences from a corpus, and ungrammatical sentences that were perturbed by a syntactic test, a transformation that is motivated by constituency theory. We show that consistent gains can be achieved if only certain positive instances are chosen for training, depending on whether they could be the result of a test transformation. This way, the positives, and negatives exhibit similar characteristics, which makes the objective more challenging for the language model, and also allows for additional markup that indicates the position of the test application within the sentence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Variational Marginal Particle Filters</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15134">arxiv:2109.15134</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jinlin Lai, Daniel Sheldon, Justin Domke</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Variational inference for state space models (SSMs) is known to be hard in general. Recent works focus on deriving variational objectives for SSMs from unbiased sequential Monte Carlo estimators. We reveal that the marginal particle filter is obtained from sequential Monte Carlo by applying Rao-Blackwellization operations, which sacrifices the trajectory information for reduced variance and differentiability. We propose the variational marginal particle filter (VMPF), which is a differentiable and reparameterizable variational filtering objective for SSMs based on an unbiased estimator. We find that VMPF with biased gradients gives tighter bounds than previous objectives, and the unbiased reparameterization gradients are sometimes beneficial.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CrossAug: A Contrastive Data Augmentation Method for Debiasing Fact Verification Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15107">arxiv:2109.15107</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Minwoo Lee, Seungpil Won, Juae Kim, Hwanhee Lee, Cheoneum Park, Kyomin Jung</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fact verification datasets are typically constructed using crowdsourcing techniques due to the lack of text sources with veracity labels. However, the crowdsourcing process often produces undesired biases in data that cause models to learn spurious patterns. In this paper, we propose CrossAug, a contrastive data augmentation method for debiasing fact verification models. Specifically, we employ a two-stage augmentation pipeline to generate new claims and evidences from existing samples. The generated samples are then paired cross-wise with the original pair, forming contrastive samples that facilitate the model to rely less on spurious patterns and learn more robust representations. Experimental results show that our method outperforms the previous state-of-the-art debiasing technique by 3.6% on the debiased extension of the FEVER dataset, with a total performance boost of 10.13% from the baseline. Furthermore, we evaluate our approach in data-scarce settings, where models can be more susceptible to biases due to the lack of training data. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach is also effective at debiasing in these low-resource conditions, exceeding the baseline performance on the Symmetric dataset with just 1% of the original data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Comparative Validation of Machine Learning Algorithms for Surgical Workflow and Skill Analysis with the HeiChole Benchmark</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14956">arxiv:2109.14956</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Martin Wagner, Beat-Peter Müller-Stich, Anna Kisilenko, Duc Tran, Patrick Heger, Lars Mündermann, David M Lubotsky, Benjamin Müller, Tornike Davitashvili, Manuela Capek, Annika Reinke, Tong Yu, Armine Vardazaryan, Chinedu Innocent Nwoye, Nicolas Padoy, Xinyang Liu, Eung-Joo Lee, Constantin Disch, Hans Meine, Tong Xia, Fucang Jia, Satoshi Kondo, Wolfgang Reiter, Yueming Jin, Yonghao Long</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** PURPOSE: Surgical workflow and skill analysis are key technologies for the next generation of cognitive surgical assistance systems. These systems could increase the safety of the operation through context-sensitive warnings and semi-autonomous robotic assistance or improve training of surgeons via data-driven feedback. In surgical workflow analysis up to 91% average precision has been reported for phase recognition on an open data single-center dataset. In this work we investigated the generalizability of phase recognition algorithms in a multi-center setting including more difficult recognition tasks such as surgical action and surgical skill. METHODS: To achieve this goal, a dataset with 33 laparoscopic cholecystectomy videos from three surgical centers with a total operation time of 22 hours was created. Labels included annotation of seven surgical phases with 250 phase transitions, 5514 occurences of four surgical actions, 6980 occurences of 21 surgical instruments from seven instrument categories and 495 skill classifications in five skill dimensions. The dataset was used in the 2019 Endoscopic Vision challenge, sub-challenge for surgical workflow and skill analysis. Here, 12 teams submitted their machine learning algorithms for recognition of phase, action, instrument and/or skill assessment. RESULTS: F1-scores were achieved for phase recognition between 23.9% and 67.7% (n=9 teams), for instrument presence detection between 38.5% and 63.8% (n=8 teams), but for action recognition only between 21.8% and 23.3% (n=5 teams). The average absolute error for skill assessment was 0.78 (n=1 team). CONCLUSION: Surgical workflow and skill analysis are promising technologies to support the surgical team, but are not solved yet, as shown by our comparison of algorithms. This novel benchmark can be used for comparable evaluation and validation of future work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RED++ : Data-Free Pruning of Deep Neural Networks via Input Splitting and Output Merging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.01397">arxiv:2110.01397</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Edouard Yvinec, Arnaud Dapogny, Matthieu Cord, Kevin Bailly</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pruning Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) is a prominent field of study in the goal of inference runtime acceleration. In this paper, we introduce a novel data-free pruning protocol RED++. Only requiring a trained neural network, and not specific to DNN architecture, we exploit an adaptive data-free scalar hashing which exhibits redundancies among neuron weight values. We study the theoretical and empirical guarantees on the preservation of the accuracy from the hashing as well as the expected pruning ratio resulting from the exploitation of said redundancies. We propose a novel data-free pruning technique of DNN layers which removes the input-wise redundant operations. This algorithm is straightforward, parallelizable and offers novel perspective on DNN pruning by shifting the burden of large computation to efficient memory access and allocation. We provide theoretical guarantees on RED++ performance and empirically demonstrate its superiority over other data-free pruning methods and its competitiveness with data-driven ones on ResNets, MobileNets and EfficientNets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting COVID-19 Patient Shielding: A Comprehensive Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00183">arxiv:2110.00183</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Vithya Yogarajan, Jacob Montiel, Tony Smith, Bernhard Pfahringer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There are many ways machine learning and big data analytics are used in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, including predictions, risk management, diagnostics, and prevention. This study focuses on predicting COVID-19 patient shielding -- identifying and protecting patients who are clinically extremely vulnerable from coronavirus. This study focuses on techniques used for the multi-label classification of medical text. Using the information published by the United Kingdom NHS and the World Health Organisation, we present a novel approach to predicting COVID-19 patient shielding as a multi-label classification problem. We use publicly available, de-identified ICU medical text data for our experiments. The labels are derived from the published COVID-19 patient shielding data. We present an extensive comparison across 12 multi-label classifiers from the simple binary relevance to neural networks and the most recent transformers. To the best of our knowledge this is the first comprehensive study, where such a range of multi-label classifiers for medical text are considered. We highlight the benefits of various approaches, and argue that, for the task at hand, both predictive accuracy and processing time are essential.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DualNet: Continual Learning, Fast and Slow</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00175">arxiv:2110.00175</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Quang Pham, Chenghao Liu, Steven Hoi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** According to Complementary Learning Systems (CLS) theory~\citep{mcclelland1995there} in neuroscience, humans do effective \emph{continual learning} through two complementary systems: a fast learning system centered on the hippocampus for rapid learning of the specifics and individual experiences, and a slow learning system located in the neocortex for the gradual acquisition of structured knowledge about the environment. Motivated by this theory, we propose a novel continual learning framework named "DualNet", which comprises a fast learning system for supervised learning of pattern-separated representation from specific tasks and a slow learning system for unsupervised representation learning of task-agnostic general representation via a Self-Supervised Learning (SSL) technique. The two fast and slow learning systems are complementary and work seamlessly in a holistic continual learning framework. Our extensive experiments on two challenging continual learning benchmarks of CORE50 and miniImageNet show that DualNet outperforms state-of-the-art continual learning methods by a large margin. We further conduct ablation studies of different SSL objectives to validate DualNet's efficacy, robustness, and scalability. Code will be made available upon acceptance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Under the Microscope: Interpreting Readability Assessment Models for Filipino</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00157">arxiv:2110.00157</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Joseph Marvin Imperial, Ethel Ong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Readability assessment is the process of identifying the level of ease or difficulty of a certain piece of text for its intended audience. Approaches have evolved from the use of arithmetic formulas to more complex pattern-recognizing models trained using machine learning algorithms. While using these approaches provide competitive results, limited work is done on analyzing how linguistic variables affect model inference quantitatively. In this work, we dissect machine learning-based readability assessment models in Filipino by performing global and local model interpretation to understand the contributions of varying linguistic features and discuss its implications in the context of the Filipino language. Results show that using a model trained with top features from global interpretation obtained higher performance than the ones using features selected by Spearman correlation. Likewise, we also empirically observed local feature weight boundaries for discriminating reading difficulty at an extremely fine-grained level and their corresponding effects if values are perturbed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Multi-Site Harmonization of Magnetic Resonance Images Without Traveling Human Phantoms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00041">arxiv:2110.00041</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Siyuan Liu, Pew-Thian Yap</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Harmonization improves data consistency and is central to effective integration of diverse imaging data acquired across multiple sites. Recent deep learning techniques for harmonization are predominantly supervised in nature and hence require imaging data of the same human subjects to be acquired at multiple sites. Data collection as such requires the human subjects to travel across sites and is hence challenging, costly, and impractical, more so when sufficient sample size is needed for reliable network training. Here we show how harmonization can be achieved with a deep neural network that does not rely on traveling human phantom data. Our method disentangles site-specific appearance information and site-invariant anatomical information from images acquired at multiple sites and then employs the disentangled information to generate the image of each subject for any target site. We demonstrate with more than 6,000 multi-site T1- and T2-weighted images that our method is remarkably effective in generating images with realistic site-specific appearances without altering anatomical details. Our method allows retrospective harmonization of data in a wide range of existing modern large-scale imaging studies, conducted via different scanners and protocols, without additional data collection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Modeling Interactions of Autonomous Vehicles and Pedestrians with Deep Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning for Collision Avoidance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15266">arxiv:2109.15266</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Raphael Trumpp, Harald Bayerlein, David Gesbert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reliable pedestrian crash avoidance mitigation (PCAM) systems are crucial components of safe autonomous vehicles (AVs). The sequential nature of the vehicle-pedestrian interaction, i.e., where immediate decisions of one agent directly influence the following decisions of the other agent, is an often neglected but important aspect. In this work, we model the corresponding interaction sequence as a Markov decision process (MDP) that is solved by deep reinforcement learning (DRL) algorithms to define the PCAM system's policy. The simulated driving scenario is based on an AV acting as a DRL agent driving along an urban street, facing a pedestrian at an unmarked crosswalk who tries to cross. Since modeling realistic crossing behavior of the pedestrian is challenging, we introduce two levels of intelligent pedestrian behavior: While the baseline model follows a predefined strategy, our advanced model captures continuous learning and the inherent uncertainty in human behavior by defining the pedestrian as a second DRL agent, i.e., we introduce a deep multi-agent reinforcement learning (DMARL) problem. The presented PCAM system with different levels of intelligent pedestrian behavior is benchmarked according to the agents' collision rate and the resulting traffic flow efficiency. In this analysis, our focus lies on evaluating the influence of observation noise on the decision making of the agents. The results show that the AV is able to completely mitigate collisions under the majority of the investigated conditions and that the DRL-based pedestrian model indeed learns a more human-like crossing behavior.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>USER: A Unified Information Search and Recommendation Model based on Integrated Behavior Sequence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15012">arxiv:2109.15012</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jing Yao, Zhicheng Dou, Ruobing Xie, Yanxiong Lu, Zhiping Wang, Ji-Rong Wen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Search and recommendation are the two most common approaches used by people to obtain information. They share the same goal -- satisfying the user's information need at the right time. There are already a lot of Internet platforms and Apps providing both search and recommendation services, showing us the demand and opportunity to simultaneously handle both tasks. However, most platforms consider these two tasks independently -- they tend to train separate search model and recommendation model, without exploiting the relatedness and dependency between them. In this paper, we argue that jointly modeling these two tasks will benefit both of them and finally improve overall user satisfaction. We investigate the interactions between these two tasks in the specific information content service domain. We propose first integrating the user's behaviors in search and recommendation into a heterogeneous behavior sequence, then utilizing a joint model for handling both tasks based on the unified sequence. More specifically, we design the Unified Information Search and Recommendation model (USER), which mines user interests from the integrated sequence and accomplish the two tasks in a unified way.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Privacy-preserving Distributed Training Framework for Cooperative Multi-agent Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14998">arxiv:2109.14998</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yimin Shi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) sometimes needs a large amount of data to converge in the training procedure and in some cases, each action of the agent may produce regret. This barrier naturally motivates different data sets or environment owners to cooperate to share their knowledge and train their agents more efficiently. However, it raises privacy concerns if we directly merge the raw data from different owners. To solve this problem, we proposed a new Deep Neural Network (DNN) architecture with both global NN and local NN, and a distributed training framework. We allow the global weights to be updated by all the collaborator agents while the local weights are only updated by the agent they belong to. In this way, we hope the global weighs can share the common knowledge among these collaborators while the local NN can keep the specialized properties and ensure the agent to be compatible with its specific environment. Experiments show that the framework can efficiently help agents in the same or similar environments to collaborate in their training process and gain a higher convergence rate and better performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Segmentation Models using an Uncertainty Slice Sampling Based Annotation Workflow</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14879">arxiv:2109.14879</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Grzegorz Chlebus, Andrea Schenk, Horst K. Hahn, Bram van Ginneken, Hans Meine</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Semantic segmentation neural networks require pixel-level annotations in large quantities to achieve a good performance. In the medical domain, such annotations are expensive, because they are time-consuming and require expert knowledge. Active learning optimizes the annotation effort by devising strategies to select cases for labeling that are most informative to the model. In this work, we propose an uncertainty slice sampling (USS) strategy for semantic segmentation of 3D medical volumes that selects 2D image slices for annotation and compare it with various other strategies. We demonstrate the efficiency of USS on a CT liver segmentation task using multi-site data. After five iterations, the training data resulting from USS consisted of 2410 slices (4% of all slices in the data pool) compared to 8121 (13%), 8641 (14%), and 3730 (6%) for uncertainty volume (UVS), random volume (RVS), and random slice (RSS) sampling, respectively. Despite being trained on the smallest amount of data, the model based on the USS strategy evaluated on 234 test volumes significantly outperformed models trained according to other strategies and achieved a mean Dice index of 0.964, a relative volume error of 4.2%, a mean surface distance of 1.35 mm, and a Hausdorff distance of 23.4 mm. This was only slightly inferior to 0.967, 3.8%, 1.18 mm, and 22.9 mm achieved by a model trained on all available data, but the robustness analysis using the 5th percentile of Dice and the 95th percentile of the remaining metrics demonstrated that USS resulted not only in the most robust model compared to other sampling schemes, but also outperformed the model trained on all data according to Dice (0.946 vs. 0.945) and mean surface distance (1.92 mm vs. 2.03 mm).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Challenge of Appearance-Free Object Tracking with Feedforward Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.02772">arxiv:2110.02772</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Girik Malik, Drew Linsley, Thomas Serre, Ennio Mingolla</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nearly all models for object tracking with artificial neural networks depend on appearance features extracted from a "backbone" architecture, designed for object recognition. Indeed, significant progress on object tracking has been spurred by introducing backbones that are better able to discriminate objects by their appearance. However, extensive neurophysiology and psychophysics evidence suggests that biological visual systems track objects using both appearance and motion features. Here, we introduce $\textit{PathTracker}$, a visual challenge inspired by cognitive psychology, which tests the ability of observers to learn to track objects solely by their motion. We find that standard 3D-convolutional deep network models struggle to solve this task when clutter is introduced into the generated scenes, or when objects travel long distances. This challenge reveals that tracing the path of object motion is a blind spot of feedforward neural networks. We expect that strategies for appearance-free object tracking from biological vision can inspire solutions these failures of deep neural networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Survey of Selected Algorithms Used in Military Applications from the Viewpoints of Dataflow and GaAs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.01389">arxiv:2110.01389</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ilir Capuni, Veljko Milutinovic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This is a short survey of ten algorithms that are often used for military purposes, followed by analysis of their potential suitability for dataflow and GaAs, which are a specific architecture and technology for supercomputers on a chip, respectively.
  Whenever an algorithm or a device is used in military settings, it is natural to assume strict requirements related to speed, reliability, scale, energy, size, and accuracy. The two aforementioned paradigms seem to be promising in fulfilling most of these requirements.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Simulated annealing for optimization of graphs and sequences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.01384">arxiv:2110.01384</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xianggen Liu, Pengyong Li, Fandong Meng, Hao Zhou, Huasong Zhong, Jie Zhou, Lili Mou, Sen Song</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Optimization of discrete structures aims at generating a new structure with the better property given an existing one, which is a fundamental problem in machine learning. Different from the continuous optimization, the realistic applications of discrete optimization (e.g., text generation) are very challenging due to the complex and long-range constraints, including both syntax and semantics, in discrete structures. In this work, we present SAGS, a novel Simulated Annealing framework for Graph and Sequence optimization. The key idea is to integrate powerful neural networks into metaheuristics (e.g., simulated annealing, SA) to restrict the search space in discrete optimization. We start by defining a sophisticated objective function, involving the property of interest and pre-defined constraints (e.g., grammar validity). SAGS searches from the discrete space towards this objective by performing a sequence of local edits, where deep generative neural networks propose the editing content and thus can control the quality of editing. We evaluate SAGS on paraphrase generation and molecule generation for sequence optimization and graph optimization, respectively. Extensive results show that our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance compared with existing paraphrase generation methods in terms of both automatic and human evaluations. Further, SAGS also significantly outperforms all the previous methods in molecule generation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Offline Reinforcement Learning with Reverse Model-based Imagination</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00188">arxiv:2110.00188</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jianhao Wang, Wenzhe Li, Haozhe Jiang, Guangxiang Zhu, Siyuan Li, Chongjie Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In offline reinforcement learning (offline RL), one of the main challenges is to deal with the distributional shift between the learning policy and the given dataset. To address this problem, recent offline RL methods attempt to introduce conservatism bias to encourage learning in high-confidence areas. Model-free approaches directly encode such bias into policy or value function learning using conservative regularizations or special network structures, but their constrained policy search limits the generalization beyond the offline dataset. Model-based approaches learn forward dynamics models with conservatism quantifications and then generate imaginary trajectories to extend the offline datasets. However, due to limited samples in offline datasets, conservatism quantifications often suffer from overgeneralization in out-of-support regions. The unreliable conservative measures will mislead forward model-based imaginations to undesired areas, leading to overaggressive behaviors. To encourage more conservatism, we propose a novel model-based offline RL framework, called Reverse Offline Model-based Imagination (ROMI). We learn a reverse dynamics model in conjunction with a novel reverse policy, which can generate rollouts leading to the target goal states within the offline dataset. These reverse imaginations provide informed data augmentation for model-free policy learning and enable conservative generalization beyond the offline dataset. ROMI can effectively combine with off-the-shelf model-free algorithms to enable model-based generalization with proper conservatism. Empirical results show that our method can generate more conservative behaviors and achieve state-of-the-art performance on offline RL benchmark tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Incremental Layer-wise Self-Supervised Learning for Efficient Speech Domain Adaptation On Device</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00155">arxiv:2110.00155</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhouyuan Huo, Dongseong Hwang, Khe Chai Sim, Shefali Garg, Ananya Misra, Nikhil Siddhartha, Trevor Strohman, Françoise Beaufays</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Streaming end-to-end speech recognition models have been widely applied to mobile devices and show significant improvement in efficiency. These models are typically trained on the server using transcribed speech data. However, the server data distribution can be very different from the data distribution on user devices, which could affect the model performance. There are two main challenges for on device training, limited reliable labels and limited training memory. While self-supervised learning algorithms can mitigate the mismatch between domains using unlabeled data, they are not applicable on mobile devices directly because of the memory constraint. In this paper, we propose an incremental layer-wise self-supervised learning algorithm for efficient speech domain adaptation on mobile devices, in which only one layer is updated at a time. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm obtains a Word Error Rate (WER) on the target domain $24.2\%$ better than supervised baseline and costs $89.7\%$ less training memory than the end-to-end self-supervised learning algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Width-Based Planning and Active Learning for Atari</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15310">arxiv:2109.15310</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Benjamin Ayton, Masataro Asai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Width-based planning has shown promising results on Atari 2600 games using pixel input, while using substantially fewer environment interactions than reinforcement learning. Recent width-based approaches have computed feature vectors for each screen using a hand designed feature set or a variational autoencoder (VAE) trained on game screens, and prune screens that do not have novel features during the search. In this paper, we explore consideration of uncertainty in features generated by a VAE during width-based planning. Our primary contribution is the introduction of active learning to maximize the utility of screens observed during planning. Experimental results demonstrate that use of active learning strategies increases gameplay scores compared to alternative width-based approaches with equal numbers of environment interactions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accelerating Perturbed Stochastic Iterates in Asynchronous Lock-Free Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15292">arxiv:2109.15292</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kaiwen Zhou, Anthony Man-Cho So, James Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We show that stochastic acceleration can be achieved under the perturbed iterate framework (Mania et al., 2017) in asynchronous lock-free optimization, which leads to the optimal incremental gradient complexity for finite-sum objectives. We prove that our new accelerated method requires the same linear speed-up condition as the existing non-accelerated methods. Our core algorithmic discovery is a new accelerated SVRG variant with sparse updates. Empirical results are presented to verify our theoretical findings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reinforcement Learning with Information-Theoretic Actuation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15147">arxiv:2109.15147</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Elliot Catt, Marcus Hutter, Joel Veness</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement Learning formalises an embodied agent's interaction with the environment through observations, rewards and actions. But where do the actions come from? Actions are often considered to represent something external, such as the movement of a limb, a chess piece, or more generally, the output of an actuator. In this work we explore and formalize a contrasting view, namely that actions are best thought of as the output of a sequence of internal choices with respect to an action model. This view is particularly well-suited for leveraging the recent advances in large sequence models as prior knowledge for multi-task reinforcement learning problems. Our main contribution in this work is to show how to augment the standard MDP formalism with a sequential notion of internal action using information-theoretic techniques, and that this leads to self-consistent definitions of both internal and external action value functions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable Rule-Based Representation Learning for Interpretable Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15103">arxiv:2109.15103</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhuo Wang, Wei Zhang, Ning Liu, Jianyong Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Rule-based models, e.g., decision trees, are widely used in scenarios demanding high model interpretability for their transparent inner structures and good model expressivity. However, rule-based models are hard to optimize, especially on large data sets, due to their discrete parameters and structures. Ensemble methods and fuzzy/soft rules are commonly used to improve performance, but they sacrifice the model interpretability. To obtain both good scalability and interpretability, we propose a new classifier, named Rule-based Representation Learner (RRL), that automatically learns interpretable non-fuzzy rules for data representation and classification. To train the non-differentiable RRL effectively, we project it to a continuous space and propose a novel training method, called Gradient Grafting, that can directly optimize the discrete model using gradient descent. An improved design of logical activation functions is also devised to increase the scalability of RRL and enable it to discretize the continuous features end-to-end. Exhaustive experiments on nine small and four large data sets show that RRL outperforms the competitive interpretable approaches and can be easily adjusted to obtain a trade-off between classification accuracy and model complexity for different scenarios. Our code is available at: https://github.com/12wang3/rrl.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Biologically Plausible Training Mechanisms for Self-Supervised Learning in Deep Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15089">arxiv:2109.15089</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mufeng Tang, Yibo Yang, Yali Amit</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop biologically plausible training mechanisms for self-supervised learning (SSL) in deep networks. SSL, with a contrastive loss, is more natural as it does not require labelled data and its robustness to perturbations yields more adaptable embeddings. Moreover the perturbation of data required to create positive pairs for SSL is easily produced in a natural environment by observing objects in motion and with variable lighting over time. We propose a contrastive hinge based loss whose error involves simple local computations as opposed to the standard contrastive losses employed in the literature, which do not lend themselves easily to implementation in a network architecture due to complex computations involving ratios and inner products. Furthermore we show that learning can be performed with one of two more plausible alternatives to backpropagation. The first is difference target propagation (DTP), which trains network parameters using target-based local losses and employs a Hebbian learning rule, thus overcoming the biologically implausible symmetric weight problem in backpropagation. The second is simply layer-wise learning, where each layer is directly connected to a layer computing the loss error. The layers are either updated sequentially in a greedy fashion (GLL) or in random order (RLL), and each training stage involves a single hidden layer network. The one step backpropagation needed for each such network can either be altered with fixed random feedback weights as proposed in Lillicrap et al. (2016), or using updated random feedback as in Amit (2019). Both methods represent alternatives to the symmetric weight issue of backpropagation. By training convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with SSL and DTP, GLL or RLL, we find that our proposed framework achieves comparable performance to its implausible counterparts in both linear evaluation and transfer learning tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unified Data Collection for Visual-Inertial Calibration via Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14974">arxiv:2109.14974</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yunke Ao, Le Chen, Florian Tschopp, Michel Breyer, Andrei Cramariuc, Roland Siegwart</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual-inertial sensors have a wide range of applications in robotics. However, good performance often requires different sophisticated motion routines to accurately calibrate camera intrinsics and inter-sensor extrinsics. This work presents a novel formulation to learn a motion policy to be executed on a robot arm for automatic data collection for calibrating intrinsics and extrinsics jointly. Our approach models the calibration process compactly using model-free deep reinforcement learning to derive a policy that guides the motions of a robotic arm holding the sensor to efficiently collect measurements that can be used for both camera intrinsic calibration and camera-IMU extrinsic calibration. Given the current pose and collected measurements, the learned policy generates the subsequent transformation that optimizes sensor calibration accuracy. The evaluations in simulation and on a real robotic system show that our learned policy generates favorable motion trajectories and collects enough measurements efficiently that yield the desired intrinsics and extrinsics with short path lengths. In simulation we are able to perform calibrations 10 times faster than hand-crafted policies, which transfers to a real-world speed up of 3 times over a human expert.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Crowdsourcing through Cognitive Opportunistic Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14946">arxiv:2109.14946</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>M. Mordacchini, A. Passarella, M. Conti, S. M. Allen, M. J. Chorley, G. B. Colombo, V. Tanasescu, R. M. Whitaker</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Untile recently crowdsourcing has been primarily conceived as an online activity to harness resources for problem solving. However the emergence of opportunistic networking (ON) has opened up crowdsourcing to the spatial domain. In this paper we bring the ON model for potential crowdsourcing in the smart city environment. We introduce cognitive features to the ON that allow users' mobile devices to become aware of the surrounding physical environment. Specifically, we exploit cognitive psychology studies on dynamic memory structures and cognitive heuristics, i.e. mental models that describe how the human brain handle decision-making amongst complex and real-time stimuli. Combined with ON, these cognitive features allow devices to act as proxies in the cyber-world of their users and exchange knowledge to deliver awareness of places in an urban environment. This is done through tags associated with locations. They represent features that are perceived by humans about a place. We consider the extent to which this knowledge becomes available to participants, using interactions with locations and other nodes. This is assessed taking into account a wide range of cognitive parameters. Outcomes are important because this functionality could support a new type of recommendation system that is independent of the traditional forms of networking.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How Neural Processes Improve Graph Link Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14894">arxiv:2109.14894</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Huidong Liang, Junbin Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Link prediction is a fundamental problem in graph data analysis. While most of the literature focuses on transductive link prediction that requires all the graph nodes and majority of links in training, inductive link prediction, which only uses a proportion of the nodes and their links in training, is a more challenging problem in various real-world applications. In this paper, we propose a meta-learning approach with graph neural networks for link prediction: Neural Processes for Graph Neural Networks (NPGNN), which can perform both transductive and inductive learning tasks and adapt to patterns in a large new graph after training with a small subgraph. Experiments on real-world graphs are conducted to validate our model, where the results suggest that the proposed method achieves stronger performance compared to other state-of-the-art models, and meanwhile generalizes well when training on a small subgraph.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accelerating Fully Connected Neural Network on Optical Network-on-Chip (ONoC)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14878">arxiv:2109.14878</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Fei Dai, Yawen Chen, Haibo Zhang, Zhiyi Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fully Connected Neural Network (FCNN) is a class of Artificial Neural Networks widely used in computer science and engineering, whereas the training process can take a long time with large datasets in existing many-core systems. Optical Network-on-Chip (ONoC), an emerging chip-scale optical interconnection technology, has great potential to accelerate the training of FCNN with low transmission delay, low power consumption, and high throughput. However, existing methods based on Electrical Network-on-Chip (ENoC) cannot fit in ONoC because of the unique properties of ONoC. In this paper, we propose a fine-grained parallel computing model for accelerating FCNN training on ONoC and derive the optimal number of cores for each execution stage with the objective of minimizing the total amount of time to complete one epoch of FCNN training. To allocate the optimal number of cores for each execution stage, we present three mapping strategies and compare their advantages and disadvantages in terms of hotspot level, memory requirement, and state transitions. Simulation results show that the average prediction error for the optimal number of cores in NN benchmarks is within 2.3%. We further carry out extensive simulations which demonstrate that FCNN training time can be reduced by 22.28% and 4.91% on average using our proposed scheme, compared with traditional parallel computing methods that either allocate a fixed number of cores or allocate as many cores as possible, respectively. Compared with ENoC, simulation results show that under batch sizes of 64 and 128, on average ONoC can achieve 21.02% and 12.95% on reducing training time with 47.85% and 39.27% on saving energy, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Regression with Doubly Non-negative Weighting Matrices</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14875">arxiv:2109.14875</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tam Le, Truyen Nguyen, Makoto Yamada, Jose Blanchet, Viet Anh Nguyen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many machine learning tasks that involve predicting an output response can be solved by training a weighted regression model. Unfortunately, the predictive power of this type of models may severely deteriorate under low sample sizes or under covariate perturbations. Reweighting the training samples has aroused as an effective mitigation strategy to these problems. In this paper, we propose a novel and coherent scheme for kernel-reweighted regression by reparametrizing the sample weights using a doubly non-negative matrix. When the weighting matrix is confined in an uncertainty set using either the log-determinant divergence or the Bures-Wasserstein distance, we show that the adversarially reweighted estimate can be solved efficiently using first-order methods. Numerical experiments show that our reweighting strategy delivers promising results on numerous datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Early Bearing Fault Diagnosis of Rotating Machinery by 1D Self-Organized Operational Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14873">arxiv:2109.14873</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Turker Ince, Junaid Malik, Ozer Can Devecioglu, Serkan Kiranyaz, Onur Avci, Levent Eren, Moncef Gabbouj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Preventive maintenance of modern electric rotating machinery (RM) is critical for ensuring reliable operation, preventing unpredicted breakdowns and avoiding costly repairs. Recently many studies investigated machine learning monitoring methods especially based on Deep Learning networks focusing mostly on detecting bearing faults; however, none of them addressed bearing fault severity classification for early fault diagnosis with high enough accuracy. 1D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have indeed achieved good performance for detecting RM bearing faults from raw vibration and current signals but did not classify fault severity. Furthermore, recent studies have demonstrated the limitation in terms of learning capability of conventional CNNs attributed to the basic underlying linear neuron model. Recently, Operational Neural Networks (ONNs) were proposed to enhance the learning capability of CNN by introducing non-linear neuron models and further heterogeneity in the network configuration. In this study, we propose 1D Self-organized ONNs (Self-ONNs) with generative neurons for bearing fault severity classification and providing continuous condition monitoring. Experimental results over the benchmark NSF/IMS bearing vibration dataset using both x- and y-axis vibration signals for inner race and rolling element faults demonstrate that the proposed 1D Self-ONNs achieve significant performance gap against the state-of-the-art (1D CNNs) with similar computational complexity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>First to Possess His Statistics: Data-Free Model Extraction Attack on Tabular Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14857">arxiv:2109.14857</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Masataka Tasumi, Kazuki Iwahana, Naoto Yanai, Katsunari Shishido, Toshiya Shimizu, Yuji Higuchi, Ikuya Morikawa, Jun Yajima</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Model extraction attacks are a kind of attacks where an adversary obtains a machine learning model whose performance is comparable with one of the victim model through queries and their results. This paper presents a novel model extraction attack, named TEMPEST, applicable on tabular data under a practical data-free setting. Whereas model extraction is more challenging on tabular data due to normalization, TEMPEST no longer needs initial samples that previous attacks require; instead, it makes use of publicly available statistics to generate query samples. Experiments show that our attack can achieve the same level of performance as the previous attacks. Moreover, we identify that the use of mean and variance as statistics for query generation and the use of the same normalization process as the victim model can improve the performance of our attack. We also discuss a possibility whereby TEMPEST is executed in the real world through an experiment with a medical diagnosis dataset. We plan to release the source code for reproducibility and a reference to subsequent works.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Material Parameters and Hydrodynamics of Soft Robotic Fish via Differentiable Simulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14855">arxiv:2109.14855</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>John Z. Zhang, Yu Zhang, Pingchuan Ma, Elvis Nava, Tao Du, Philip Arm, Wojciech Matusik, Robert K. Katzschmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The high dimensionality of soft mechanisms and the complex physics of fluid-structure interactions render the sim2real gap for soft robots particularly challenging. Our framework allows high fidelity prediction of dynamic behavior for composite bi-morph bending structures in real hardware to accuracy near measurement uncertainty. We address this gap with our differentiable simulation tool by learning the material parameters and hydrodynamics of our robots. We demonstrate an experimentally-verified, fast optimization pipeline for learning the material parameters and hydrodynamics from quasi-static and dynamic data via differentiable simulation. Our method identifies physically plausible Young's moduli for various soft silicone elastomers and stiff acetal copolymers used in creation of our three different fish robot designs. For these robots we provide a differentiable and more robust estimate of the thrust force than analytical models and we successfully predict deformation to millimeter accuracy in dynamic experiments under various actuation signals. Although we focus on a specific application for underwater soft robots, our framework is applicable to any pneumatically actuated soft mechanism. This work presents a prototypical hardware and simulation problem solved using our framework that can be extended straightforwardly to higher dimensional parameter inference, learning control policies, and computational design enabled by its differentiability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Blind Coherent Preamble Detection via Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.02738">arxiv:2110.02738</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jafar Mohammadi, Gerhard Schreiber, Thorsten Wild, Yejian Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In wireless communications systems, the user equipment (UE) transmits a random access preamble sequence to the base station (BS) to be detected and synchronized. In standardized cellular communications systems Zadoff-Chu sequences has been proposed due to their constant amplitude zero autocorrelation (CAZAC) properties. The conventional approach is to use matched filters to detect the sequence. Sequences arrived from different antennas and time instances are summed up to reduce the noise variance. Since the knowledge of the channel is unknown at this stage, a coherent combining scheme would be very difficult to implement.
  In this work, we leverage the system design knowledge and propose a neural network (NN) sequence detector and timing advanced estimator. We do not replace the whole process of preamble detection by a NN. Instead, we propose to use NN only for \textit{blind} coherent combining of the signals in the detector to compensate for the channel effect, thus maximize the signal to noise ratio. We have further reduced the problem's complexity using Kronecker approximation model for channel covariance matrices, thereby, reducing the size of required NN. The analysis on timing advanced estimation and sequences detection has been performed and compared with the matched filter baseline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Peak Detection for Holter ECGs by Self-Organized Operational Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.02381">arxiv:2110.02381</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Serkan Kiranyaz, Junaid Malik, Muhammad Uzair Zahid, Turker Ince, Muhammad Chowdhury, Amith Khandakar, Anas Tahir, Moncef Gabbouj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although numerous R-peak detectors have been proposed in the literature, their robustness and performance levels may significantly deteriorate in low quality and noisy signals acquired from mobile ECG sensors such as Holter monitors. Recently, this issue has been addressed by deep 1D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) that have achieved state-of-the-art performance levels in Holter monitors; however, they pose a high complexity level that requires special parallelized hardware setup for real-time processing. On the other hand, their performance deteriorates when a compact network configuration is used instead. This is an expected outcome as recent studies have demonstrated that the learning performance of CNNs is limited due to their strictly homogenous configuration with the sole linear neuron model. This has been addressed by Operational Neural Networks (ONNs) with their heterogenous network configuration encapsulating neurons with various non-linear operators. In this study, to further boost the peak detection performance along with an elegant computational efficiency, we propose 1D Self-Organized Operational Neural Networks (Self-ONNs) with generative neurons. The most crucial advantage of 1D Self-ONNs over the ONNs is their self-organization capability that voids the need to search for the best operator set per neuron since each generative neuron has the ability to create the optimal operator during training. The experimental results over the China Physiological Signal Challenge-2020 (CPSC) dataset with more than one million ECG beats show that the proposed 1D Self-ONNs can significantly surpass the state-of-the-art deep CNN with less computational complexity. Results demonstrate that the proposed solution achieves 99.10% F1-score, 99.79% sensitivity, and 98.42% positive predictivity in the CPSC dataset which is the best R-peak detection performance ever achieved.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Paradigm Shift Through the Integration of Physical Methodology and Data Science</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.01408">arxiv:2110.01408</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Takashi Miyamoto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data science methodologies, which have undergone significant developments recently, provide flexible representational performance and fast computational means to address the challenges faced by traditional scientific methodologies while revealing unprecedented challenges such as the interpretability of computations and the demand for extrapolative predictions on the amount of data. Methods that integrate traditional physical and data science methodologies are new methods of mathematical analysis that complement both methodologies and are being studied in various scientific fields. This paper highlights the significance and importance of such integrated methods from the viewpoint of scientific theory. Additionally, a comprehensive survey of specific methods and applications are conducted, and the current state of the art in relevant research fields are summarized.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Error-free approximation of explicit linear MPC through lattice piecewise affine expression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00201">arxiv:2110.00201</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jun Xu, Yunjiang Lou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, the disjunctive and conjunctive lattice piecewise affine (PWA) approximations of explicit linear model predictive control (MPC) are proposed. The training data are generated uniformly in the domain of interest, consisting of the state samples and corresponding affine control laws, based on which the lattice PWA approximations are constructed. Re-sampling of data is also proposed to guarantee that the lattice PWA approximations are identical to explicit MPC control law in the unique order (UO) regions containing the sample points as interior points. Additionally, under mild assumptions, the equivalence of the two lattice PWA approximations guarantees that the approximations are error-free in the domain of interest. The algorithms for deriving statistically error-free approximation to the explicit linear MPC are proposed and the complexity of the entire procedure is analyzed, which is polynomial with respect to the number of samples. The performance of the proposed approximation strategy is tested through two simulation examples, and the result shows that with a moderate number of sample points, we can construct lattice PWA approximations that are equivalent to optimal control law of the explicit linear MPC.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Load Forecast in Energy Markets During COVID-19</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00181">arxiv:2110.00181</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ziyun Wang, Hao Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The abrupt outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic was the most significant event in 2020, which had profound and lasting impacts across the world. Studies on energy markets observed a decline in energy demand and changes in energy consumption behaviors during COVID-19. However, as an essential part of system operation, how the load forecasting performs amid COVID-19 is not well understood. This paper aims to bridge the research gap by systematically evaluating models and features that can be used to improve the load forecasting performance amid COVID-19. Using real-world data from the New York Independent System Operator, our analysis employs three deep learning models and adopts both novel COVID-related features as well as classical weather-related features. We also propose simulating the stay-at-home situation with pre-stay-at-home weekend data and demonstrate its effectiveness in improving load forecasting accuracy during COVID-19.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Empirical Quantitative Analysis of COVID-19 Forecasting Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00174">arxiv:2110.00174</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yun Zhao, Yuqing Wang, Junfeng Liu, Haotian Xia, Zhenni Xu, Qinghang Hong, Zhiyang Zhou, Linda Petzold</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** COVID-19 has been a public health emergency of international concern since early 2020. Reliable forecasting is critical to diminish the impact of this disease. To date, a large number of different forecasting models have been proposed, mainly including statistical models, compartmental models, and deep learning models. However, due to various uncertain factors across different regions such as economics and government policy, no forecasting model appears to be the best for all scenarios. In this paper, we perform quantitative analysis of COVID-19 forecasting of confirmed cases and deaths across different regions in the United States with different forecasting horizons, and evaluate the relative impacts of the following three dimensions on the predictive performance (improvement and variation) through different evaluation metrics: model selection, hyperparameter tuning, and the length of time series required for training. We find that if a dimension brings about higher performance gains, if not well-tuned, it may also lead to harsher performance penalties. Furthermore, model selection is the dominant factor in determining the predictive performance. It is responsible for both the largest improvement and the largest variation in performance in all prediction tasks across different regions. While practitioners may perform more complicated time series analysis in practice, they should be able to achieve reasonable results if they have adequate insight into key decisions like model selection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Large-scale ASR Domain Adaptation using Self- and Semi-supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00165">arxiv:2110.00165</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Dongseong Hwang, Ananya Misra, Zhouyuan Huo, Nikhil Siddhartha, Shefali Garg, David Qiu, Khe Chai Sim, Trevor Strohman, Françoise Beaufays, Yanzhang He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self- and semi-supervised learning methods have been actively investigated to reduce labeled training data or enhance the model performance. However, the approach mostly focus on in-domain performance for public datasets. In this study, we utilize the combination of self- and semi-supervised learning methods to solve unseen domain adaptation problem in a large-scale production setting for online ASR model. This approach demonstrates that using the source domain data with a small fraction of the target domain data (3%) can recover the performance gap compared to a full data baseline: relative 13.5% WER improvement for target domain data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lagrangian Inference for Ranking Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00151">arxiv:2110.00151</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yue Liu, Ethan X. Fang, Junwei Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel combinatorial inference framework to conduct general uncertainty quantification in ranking problems. We consider the widely adopted Bradley-Terry-Luce (BTL) model, where each item is assigned a positive preference score that determines the Bernoulli distributions of pairwise comparisons' outcomes. Our proposed method aims to infer general ranking properties of the BTL model. The general ranking properties include the "local" properties such as if an item is preferred over another and the "global" properties such as if an item is among the top $K$-ranked items. We further generalize our inferential framework to multiple testing problems where we control the false discovery rate (FDR), and apply the method to infer the top-$K$ ranked items. We also derive the information-theoretic lower bound to justify the minimax optimality of the proposed method. We conduct extensive numerical studies using both synthetic and real datasets to back up our theory.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decentralized Graph-Based Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning Using Reward Machines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00096">arxiv:2110.00096</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jueming Hu, Zhe Xu, Weichang Wang, Guannan Qu, Yutian Pang, Yongming Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL), it is challenging for a collection of agents to learn complex temporally extended tasks. The difficulties lie in computational complexity and how to learn the high-level ideas behind reward functions. We study the graph-based Markov Decision Process (MDP) where the dynamics of neighboring agents are coupled. We use a reward machine (RM) to encode each agent's task and expose reward function internal structures. RM has the capacity to describe high-level knowledge and encode non-Markovian reward functions. We propose a decentralized learning algorithm to tackle computational complexity, called decentralized graph-based reinforcement learning using reward machines (DGRM), that equips each agent with a localized policy, allowing agents to make decisions independently, based on the information available to the agents. DGRM uses the actor-critic structure, and we introduce the tabular Q-function for discrete state problems. We show that the dependency of Q-function on other agents decreases exponentially as the distance between them increases. Furthermore, the complexity of DGRM is related to the local information size of the largest $κ$-hop neighborhood, and DGRM can find an $O(ρ^{κ+1})$-approximation of a stationary point of the objective function. To further improve efficiency, we also propose the deep DGRM algorithm, using deep neural networks to approximate the Q-function and policy function to solve large-scale or continuous state problems. The effectiveness of the proposed DGRM algorithm is evaluated by two case studies, UAV package delivery and COVID-19 pandemic mitigation. Experimental results show that local information is sufficient for DGRM and agents can accomplish complex tasks with the help of RM. DGRM improves the global accumulated reward by 119% compared to the baseline in the case of COVID-19 pandemic mitigation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Solving the Real Robot Challenge using Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15233">arxiv:2109.15233</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Robert McCarthy, Francisco Roldan Sanchez, Qiang Wang, David Cordova Bulens, Kevin McGuinness, Noel O'Connor, Stephen J. Redmond</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper details our winning submission to Phase 1 of the 2021 Real Robot Challenge; a challenge in which a three fingered robot must carry a cube along specified goal trajectories. To solve Phase 1, we use a pure reinforcement learning approach which requires minimal expert knowledge of the robotic system or of robotic grasping in general. A sparse, goal-based reward is employed in conjunction with Hindsight Experience Replay to teach the control policy to move the cube to the desired x and y coordinates. Simultaneously, a dense distance-based reward is employed to teach the policy to lift the cube to the desired z coordinate. The policy is trained in simulation with domain randomization before being transferred to the real robot for evaluation. Although performance tends to worsen after this transfer, our best trained policy can successfully lift the real cube along goal trajectories via the use of an effective pinching grasp. Our approach outperforms all other submissions, including those leveraging more traditional robotic control techniques, and is the first learning-based approach to solve this challenge.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Submodular Optimization Beyond Nonnegativity: Adaptive Seed Selection in Incentivized Social Advertising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15180">arxiv:2109.15180</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shaojie Tang, Jing Yuan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The idea of social advertising (or social promotion) is to select a group of influential individuals (a.k.a \emph{seeds}) to help promote some products or ideas through an online social networks. There are two major players in the social advertising ecosystem: advertiser and platform. The platform sells viral engagements such as "like"s to advertisers by inserting their ads into the feed of seeds. These seeds receive monetary incentives from the platform in exchange for their participation in the social advertising campaign. Once an ad is engaged by a follower of some seed, the platform receives a fixed amount of payment, called cost per engagement, from the advertiser. The ad could potentially attract more engagements from followers' followers and trigger a viral contagion. At the beginning of a campaign, the advertiser submits a budget to the platform and this budget can be used for two purposes: recruiting seeds and paying for the viral engagements generated by the seeds. Note that the first part of payment goes to the seeds and the latter one is the actual revenue collected by the platform. In this setting, the problem for the platform is to recruit a group of seeds such that she can collect the largest possible amount of revenue subject to the budget constraint. We formulate this problem as a seed selection problem whose objective function is non-monotone and it might take on negative values, making existing results on submodular optimization and influence maximization not applicable to our setting. We study this problem under both non-adaptive and adaptive settings. Although we focus on social advertising in this paper, our results apply to any optimization problems whose objective function is the expectation of the minimum of a stochastic submodular function and a linear function.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mitigating Black-Box Adversarial Attacks via Output Noise Perturbation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15160">arxiv:2109.15160</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Manjushree B. Aithal, Xiaohua Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In black-box adversarial attacks, adversaries query the deep neural network (DNN), use the output to reconstruct gradients, and then optimize the adversarial inputs iteratively. In this paper, we study the method of adding white noise to the DNN output to mitigate such attacks, with a unique focus on the trade-off analysis of noise level and query cost. The attacker's query count (QC) is derived mathematically as a function of noise standard deviation. With this result, the defender can conveniently find the noise level needed to mitigate attacks for the desired security level specified by QC and limited DNN performance loss. Our analysis shows that the added noise is drastically magnified by the small variation of DNN outputs, which makes the reconstructed gradient have an extremely low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). Adding slight white noise with a standard deviation less than 0.01 is enough to increase QC by many orders of magnitude without introducing any noticeable classification accuracy reduction. Our experiments demonstrate that this method can effectively mitigate both soft-label and hard-label black-box attacks under realistic QC constraints. We also show that this method outperforms many other defense methods and is robust to the attacker's countermeasures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fine-tuning wav2vec2 for speaker recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15053">arxiv:2109.15053</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nik Vaessen, David A. van Leeuwen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper explores applying the wav2vec2 framework to speaker recognition instead of speech recognition. We study the effectiveness of the pre-trained weights on the speaker recognition task, and how to pool the wav2vec2 output sequence into a fixed-length speaker embedding. To adapt the framework to speaker recognition, we propose a single-utterance classification variant with CE or AAM softmax loss, and an utterance-pair classification variant with BCE loss. Our best performing variant, w2v2-aam, achieves a 1.88% EER on the extended voxceleb1 test set compared to 1.69% EER with an ECAPA-TDNN baseline. Code is available at https://github.com/nikvaessen/w2v2-speaker.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Riemannian Approach for Constrained Optimization Model in Extreme Classification Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15021">arxiv:2109.15021</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jayadev Naram, Tanmay Kumar Sinha, Pawan Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel Riemannian method for solving the Extreme multi-label classification problem that exploits the geometric structure of the sparse low-dimensional local embedding models. A constrained optimization problem is formulated as an optimization problem on matrix manifold and solved using a Riemannian optimization method. The proposed approach is tested on several real world large scale multi-label datasets and its usefulness is demonstrated through numerical experiments. The numerical experiments suggest that the proposed method is fastest to train and has least model size among the embedding-based methods. An outline of the proof of convergence for the proposed Riemannian optimization method is also stated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Allocations with Diversity Constraints</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15015">arxiv:2109.15015</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zeyu Shen, Lodewijk Gelauff, Ashish Goel, Aleksandra Korolova, Kamesh Munagala</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of allocating divisible items among multiple agents, and consider the setting where any agent is allowed to introduce diversity constraints on the items they are allocated. We motivate this via settings where the items themselves correspond to user ad slots or task workers with attributes such as race and gender on which the principal seeks to achieve demographic parity. We consider the following question: When an agent expresses diversity constraints into an allocation rule, is the allocation of other agents hurt significantly? If this happens, the cost of introducing such constraints is disproportionately borne by agents who do not benefit from diversity. We codify this via two desiderata capturing robustness. These are no negative externality -- other agents are not hurt -- and monotonicity -- the agent enforcing the constraint does not see a large increase in value. We show in a formal sense that the Nash Welfare rule that maximizes product of agent values is uniquely positioned to be robust when diversity constraints are introduced, while almost all other natural allocation rules fail this criterion. We also show that the guarantees achieved by Nash Welfare are nearly optimal within a widely studied class of allocation rules. We finally perform an empirical simulation on real-world data that models ad allocations to show that this gap between Nash Welfare and other rules persists in the wild.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SCIMAT: Science and Mathematics Dataset</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15005">arxiv:2109.15005</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Neeraj Kollepara, Snehith Kumar Chatakonda, Pawan Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we announce a comprehensive well curated and opensource dataset with millions of samples for pre-college and college level problems in mathematicsand science. A preliminary set of results using transformer architecture with character to character encoding is shown. The dataset identifies some challenging problem and invites research on better architecture search

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Friend Recommendation System using Semantic Based KNN Algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14970">arxiv:2109.14970</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Srikantaiah K C, Salony Mewara, Sneha Goyal, Subhiksha S</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Social networking has become a major part of all our lives and we depend on it for day to day purposes. It is a medium that is used by people all around the world even in the smallest of towns. Its main purpose is to promote and aid communication between people. Social networks, such as Facebook, Twitter etc. were created for the sole purpose of helping individuals communicate about anything with each other. These networks are becoming an important and also contemporary method to make friends from any part of this world. These new friends can communicate through any form of social media. Recommendation systems exist in all the social networks which aid users to find new friends and unite to more people and form associations and alliances with people.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning the Markov Decision Process in the Sparse Gaussian Elimination</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14929">arxiv:2109.14929</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yingshi Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a learning-based approach for the sparse Gaussian Elimination. There are many hard combinatorial optimization problems in modern sparse solver. These NP-hard problems could be handled in the framework of Markov Decision Process, especially the Q-Learning technique. We proposed some Q-Learning algorithms for the main modules of sparse solver: minimum degree ordering, task scheduling and adaptive pivoting. Finally, we recast the sparse solver into the framework of Q-Learning.
  Our study is the first step to connect these two classical mathematical models: Gaussian Elimination and Markov Decision Process. Our learning-based algorithm could help improve the performance of sparse solver, which has been verified in some numerical experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physics and Equality Constrained Artificial Neural Networks: Application to Partial Differential Equations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14860">arxiv:2109.14860</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shamsulhaq Basir, Inanc Senocak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Physics-informed neural networks (PINNs) have been proposed to learn the solution of partial differential equations (PDE). In PINNs, the residual form of the PDE of interest and its boundary conditions are lumped into a composite objective function as an unconstrained optimization problem, which is then used to train a deep feed-forward neural network. Here, we show that this specific way of formulating the objective function is the source of severe limitations in the PINN approach when applied to different kinds of PDEs. To address these limitations, we propose a versatile framework that can tackle both inverse and forward problems. The framework is adept at multi-fidelity data fusion and can seamlessly constrain the governing physics equations with proper initial and boundary conditions. The backbone of the proposed framework is a nonlinear, equality-constrained optimization problem formulation aimed at minimizing a loss functional, where an augmented Lagrangian method (ALM) is used to formally convert a constrained-optimization problem into an unconstrained-optimization problem. We implement the ALM within a stochastic, gradient-descent type training algorithm in a way that scrupulously focuses on meeting the constraints without sacrificing other loss terms. Additionally, as a modification of the original residual layers, we propose lean residual layers in our neural network architecture to address the so-called vanishing-gradient problem. We demonstrate the efficacy and versatility of our physics- and equality-constrained deep-learning framework by applying it to learn the solutions of various multi-dimensional PDEs, including a nonlinear inverse problem from the hydrology field with multi-fidelity data fusion. The results produced with our proposed model match exact solutions very closely for all the cases considered.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Real-Time Patient-Specific ECG Classification by 1D Self-Operational Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.02215">arxiv:2110.02215</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Junaid Malik, Ozer Can Devecioglu, Serkan Kiranyaz, Turker Ince, Moncef Gabbouj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the proliferation of numerous deep learning methods proposed for generic ECG classification and arrhythmia detection, compact systems with the real-time ability and high accuracy for classifying patient-specific ECG are still few. Particularly, the scarcity of patient-specific data poses an ultimate challenge to any classifier. Recently, compact 1D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have achieved the state-of-the-art performance level for the accurate classification of ventricular and supraventricular ectopic beats. However, several studies have demonstrated the fact that the learning performance of the conventional CNNs is limited because they are homogenous networks with a basic (linear) neuron model. In order to address this deficiency and further boost the patient-specific ECG classification performance, in this study, we propose 1D Self-organized Operational Neural Networks (1D Self-ONNs). Due to its self-organization capability, Self-ONNs have the utmost advantage and superiority over conventional ONNs where the prior operator search within the operator set library to find the best possible set of operators is entirely avoided. As the first study where 1D Self-ONNs are ever proposed for a classification task, our results over the MIT-BIH arrhythmia benchmark database demonstrate that 1D Self-ONNs can surpass 1D CNNs with a significant margin while having a similar computational complexity. Under AAMI recommendations and with minimal common training data used, over the entire MIT-BIH dataset 1D Self-ONNs have achieved 98% and 99.04% average accuracies, 76.6% and 93.7% average F1 scores on supra-ventricular and ventricular ectopic beat (VEB) classifications, respectively, which is the highest performance level ever reported.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Molecule3D: A Benchmark for Predicting 3D Geometries from Molecular Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.01717">arxiv:2110.01717</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Zhao Xu, Youzhi Luo, Xuan Zhang, Xinyi Xu, Yaochen Xie, Meng Liu, Kaleb Dickerson, Cheng Deng, Maho Nakata, Shuiwang Ji</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph neural networks are emerging as promising methods for modeling molecular graphs, in which nodes and edges correspond to atoms and chemical bonds, respectively. Recent studies show that when 3D molecular geometries, such as bond lengths and angles, are available, molecular property prediction tasks can be made more accurate. However, computing of 3D molecular geometries requires quantum calculations that are computationally prohibitive. For example, accurate calculation of 3D geometries of a small molecule requires hours of computing time using density functional theory (DFT). Here, we propose to predict the ground-state 3D geometries from molecular graphs using machine learning methods. To make this feasible, we develop a benchmark, known as Molecule3D, that includes a dataset with precise ground-state geometries of approximately 4 million molecules derived from DFT. We also provide a set of software tools for data processing, splitting, training, and evaluation, etc. Specifically, we propose to assess the error and validity of predicted geometries using four metrics. We implement two baseline methods that either predict the pairwise distance between atoms or atom coordinates in 3D space. Experimental results show that, compared with generating 3D geometries with RDKit, our method can achieve comparable prediction accuracy but with much smaller computational costs. Our Molecule3D is available as a module of the MoleculeX software library (https://github.com/divelab/MoleculeX).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Novel Simplified Swarm Optimization for Generalized Reliability Redundancy Allocation Problem</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00133">arxiv:2110.00133</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Zhenyao Liu, Jen-Hsuan Chen, Shi-Yi Tan, Wei-Chang Yeh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Network systems are commonly used in various fields, such as power grid, Internet of Things (IoT), and gas networks. Reliability redundancy allocation problem (RRAP) is a well-known reliability design tool, which needs to be developed when the system is extended from the series-parallel structure to a more general network structure. Therefore, this study proposes a novel RRAP called General RRAP (GRRAP) to be applied to network systems. The Binary Addition Tree Algorithm (BAT) is used to solve the network reliability. Since GRRAP is an NP-hard problem, a new algorithm called Binary-addition simplified swarm optimization (BSSO) is also proposed in this study. BSSO combines the accuracy of the BAT with the efficiency of SSO, which can effectively reduce the solution space and speed up the time to find high-quality solutions. The experimental results show that BSSO outperforms three well-known algorithms, Genetic Algorithm (GA), Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), and Swarm Optimization (SSO), on six network benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Development of the algorithm for differentiating bone metastases and trauma of the ribs in bone scintigraphy and demonstration of visual evidence of the algorithm -- Using only anterior bone scan view of thorax</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00130">arxiv:2110.00130</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Shigeaki Higashiyama, Yukino Ohta, Yutaka Katayama, Atsushi Yoshida, Joji Kawabe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Background: Although there are many studies on the application of artificial intelligence (AI) models to medical imaging, there is no report of an AI model that determines the accumulation of ribs in bone metastases and trauma only using the anterior image of thorax of bone scintigraphy. In recent years, a method for visualizing diagnostic grounds called Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM) has been proposed in the area of diagnostic images using Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN). As far as we have investigated, there are no reports of visualization of the diagnostic basis in bone scintigraphy. Our aim is to visualize the area of interest of DCNN, in addition to developing an algorithm to classify and diagnose whether RI accumulation on the ribs is bone metastasis or trauma using only anterior bone scan view of thorax. Material and Methods: For this retrospective study, we used 838 patients who underwent bone scintigraphy to search for bone metastases at our institution. A frontal chest image of bone scintigraphy was used to create the algorithm. We used 437 cases with bone metastases on the ribs and 401 cases with abnormal RI accumulation due to trauma. Result: AI model was able to detect bone metastasis lesion with a sensitivity of 90.00% and accuracy of 86.5%. And it was possible to visualize the part that the AI model focused on with Grad-CAM.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PubTables-1M: Towards comprehensive table extraction from unstructured documents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.00061">arxiv:2110.00061</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Brandon Smock, Rohith Pesala, Robin Abraham</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, significant progress has been made applying machine learning to the problem of table structure inference and extraction from unstructured documents. However, one of the greatest challenges remains the creation of datasets with complete, unambiguous ground truth at scale. To address this, we develop a new, more comprehensive dataset for table extraction, called PubTables-1M. PubTables-1M contains nearly one million tables from scientific articles, supports multiple input modalities, and contains detailed header and location information for table structures, making it useful for a wide variety of modeling approaches. It also addresses a significant source of ground truth inconsistency observed in prior datasets called oversegmentation, using a novel canonicalization procedure. We demonstrate that these improvements lead to a significant increase in training performance and a more reliable estimate of model performance at evaluation for table structure recognition. Further, we show that transformer-based object detection models trained on PubTables-1M produce excellent results for all three tasks of detection, structure recognition, and functional analysis without the need for any special customization for these tasks. Data and code will be released at https://github.com/microsoft/table-transformer.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi Scale Graph Wavenet for Wind Speed Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15239">arxiv:2109.15239</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Neetesh Rathore, Pradeep Rathore, Arghya Basak, Sri Harsha Nistala, Venkataramana Runkana</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Geometric deep learning has gained tremendous attention in both academia and industry due to its inherent capability of representing arbitrary structures. Due to exponential increase in interest towards renewable sources of energy, especially wind energy, accurate wind speed forecasting has become very important. . In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning architecture, Multi Scale Graph Wavenet for wind speed forecasting. It is based on a graph convolutional neural network and captures both spatial and temporal relationships in multivariate time series weather data for wind speed forecasting. We especially took inspiration from dilated convolutions, skip connections and the inception network to capture temporal relationships and graph convolutional networks for capturing spatial relationships in the data. We conducted experiments on real wind speed data measured at different cities in Denmark and compared our results with the state-of-the-art baseline models. Our novel architecture outperformed the state-of-the-art methods on wind speed forecasting for multiple forecast horizons by 4-5%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transfer Learning Based Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithm for Dynamic Community Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15136">arxiv:2109.15136</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Jungang Zou, Fan Lin, Siyu Gao, Gaoshan Deng, Wenhua Zeng, Gil Alterovitz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Dynamic community detection is the hotspot and basic problem of complex network and artificial intelligence research in recent years. It is necessary to maximize the accuracy of clustering as the network structure changes, but also to minimize the two consecutive clustering differences between the two results. There is a trade-off relationship between these two objectives. In this paper, we propose a Feature Transfer Based Multi-Objective Optimization Genetic Algorithm (TMOGA) based on transfer learning and traditional multi-objective evolutionary algorithm framework. The main idea is to extract stable features from past community structures, retain valuable feature information, and integrate this feature information into current optimization processes to improve the evolutionary algorithms. Additionally, a new theoretical framework is proposed in this paper to analyze community detection problem based on information theory. Then, we exploit this framework to prove the rationality of TMOGA. Finally, the experimental results show that our algorithm can achieve better clustering effects compared with the state-of-the-art dynamic network community detection algorithms in diverse test problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Extracting stochastic dynamical systems with $α$-stable Lévy noise from data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.14881">arxiv:2109.14881</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yang Li, Yubin Lu, Shengyuan Xu, Jinqiao Duan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the rapid increase of valuable observational, experimental and simulated data for complex systems, much efforts have been devoted to identifying governing laws underlying the evolution of these systems. Despite the wide applications of non-Gaussian fluctuations in numerous physical phenomena, the data-driven approaches to extract stochastic dynamical systems with (non-Gaussian) Lévy noise are relatively few so far. In this work, we propose a data-driven method to extract stochastic dynamical systems with $α$-stable Lévy noise from short burst data based on the properties of $α$-stable distributions. More specifically, we first estimate the Lévy jump measure and noise intensity via computing mean and variance of the amplitude of the increment of the sample paths. Then we approximate the drift coefficient by combining nonlocal Kramers-Moyal formulas with normalizing flows. Numerical experiments on one- and two-dimensional prototypical examples illustrate the accuracy and effectiveness of our method. This approach will become an effective scientific tool in discovering stochastic governing laws of complex phenomena and understanding dynamical behaviors under non-Gaussian fluctuations.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-09/2021-09-29.md)
