## Summary for 2021-03-07, created on 2021-12-22


<details><summary><b>On Ensemble Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.12521">arxiv:2103.12521</a>
&#x1F4C8; 202 <br>
<p>Mark Stamp, Aniket Chandak, Gavin Wong, Allen Ye</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we consider ensemble classifiers, that is, machine learning based classifiers that utilize a combination of scoring functions. We provide a framework for categorizing such classifiers, and we outline several ensemble techniques, discussing how each fits into our framework. From this general introduction, we then pivot to the topic of ensemble learning within the context of malware analysis. We present a brief survey of some of the ensemble techniques that have been used in malware (and related) research. We conclude with an extensive set of experiments, where we apply ensemble techniques to a large and challenging malware dataset. While many of these ensemble techniques have appeared in the malware literature, previously there has been no way to directly compare results such as these, as different datasets and different measures of success are typically used. Our common framework and empirical results are an effort to bring some sense of order to the chaos that is evident in the evolving field of ensemble learning -- both within the narrow confines of the malware analysis problem, and in the larger realm of machine learning in general.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Repurposing GANs for One-shot Semantic Part Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04379">arxiv:2103.04379</a>
&#x1F4C8; 32 <br>
<p>Nontawat Tritrong, Pitchaporn Rewatbowornwong, Supasorn Suwajanakorn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While GANs have shown success in realistic image generation, the idea of using GANs for other tasks unrelated to synthesis is underexplored. Do GANs learn meaningful structural parts of objects during their attempt to reproduce those objects? In this work, we test this hypothesis and propose a simple and effective approach based on GANs for semantic part segmentation that requires as few as one label example along with an unlabeled dataset. Our key idea is to leverage a trained GAN to extract pixel-wise representation from the input image and use it as feature vectors for a segmentation network. Our experiments demonstrate that GANs representation is "readily discriminative" and produces surprisingly good results that are comparable to those from supervised baselines trained with significantly more labels. We believe this novel repurposing of GANs underlies a new class of unsupervised representation learning that is applicable to many other tasks. More results are available at https://repurposegans.github.io/.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hierarchical Self Attention Based Autoencoder for Open-Set Human Activity Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04279">arxiv:2103.04279</a>
&#x1F4C8; 27 <br>
<p>M Tanjid Hasan Tonmoy, Saif Mahmud, A K M Mahbubur Rahman, M Ashraful Amin, Amin Ahsan Ali</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Wearable sensor based human activity recognition is a challenging problem due to difficulty in modeling spatial and temporal dependencies of sensor signals. Recognition models in closed-set assumption are forced to yield members of known activity classes as prediction. However, activity recognition models can encounter an unseen activity due to body-worn sensor malfunction or disability of the subject performing the activities. This problem can be addressed through modeling solution according to the assumption of open-set recognition. Hence, the proposed self attention based approach combines data hierarchically from different sensor placements across time to classify closed-set activities and it obtains notable performance improvement over state-of-the-art models on five publicly available datasets. The decoder in this autoencoder architecture incorporates self-attention based feature representations from encoder to detect unseen activity classes in open-set recognition setting. Furthermore, attention maps generated by the hierarchical model demonstrate explainable selection of features in activity recognition. We conduct extensive leave one subject out validation experiments that indicate significantly improved robustness to noise and subject specific variability in body-worn sensor signals. The source code is available at: github.com/saif-mahmud/hierarchical-attention-HAR

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning a State Representation and Navigation in Cluttered and Dynamic Environments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04351">arxiv:2103.04351</a>
&#x1F4C8; 16 <br>
<p>David Hoeller, Lorenz Wellhausen, Farbod Farshidian, Marco Hutter</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we present a learning-based pipeline to realise local navigation with a quadrupedal robot in cluttered environments with static and dynamic obstacles. Given high-level navigation commands, the robot is able to safely locomote to a target location based on frames from a depth camera without any explicit mapping of the environment. First, the sequence of images and the current trajectory of the camera are fused to form a model of the world using state representation learning. The output of this lightweight module is then directly fed into a target-reaching and obstacle-avoiding policy trained with reinforcement learning. We show that decoupling the pipeline into these components results in a sample efficient policy learning stage that can be fully trained in simulation in just a dozen minutes. The key part is the state representation, which is trained to not only estimate the hidden state of the world in an unsupervised fashion, but also helps bridging the reality gap, enabling successful sim-to-real transfer. In our experiments with the quadrupedal robot ANYmal in simulation and in reality, we show that our system can handle noisy depth images, avoid dynamic obstacles unseen during training, and is endowed with local spatial awareness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Watching You: Global-guided Reciprocal Learning for Video-based Person Re-identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04337">arxiv:2103.04337</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Xuehu Liu, Pingping Zhang, Chenyang Yu, Huchuan Lu, Xiaoyun Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video-based person re-identification (Re-ID) aims to automatically retrieve video sequences of the same person under non-overlapping cameras. To achieve this goal, it is the key to fully utilize abundant spatial and temporal cues in videos. Existing methods usually focus on the most conspicuous image regions, thus they may easily miss out fine-grained clues due to the person varieties in image sequences. To address above issues, in this paper, we propose a novel Global-guided Reciprocal Learning (GRL) framework for video-based person Re-ID. Specifically, we first propose a Global-guided Correlation Estimation (GCE) to generate feature correlation maps of local features and global features, which help to localize the high- and low-correlation regions for identifying the same person. After that, the discriminative features are disentangled into high-correlation features and low-correlation features under the guidance of the global representations. Moreover, a novel Temporal Reciprocal Learning (TRL) mechanism is designed to sequentially enhance the high-correlation semantic information and accumulate the low-correlation sub-critical clues. Extensive experiments are conducted on three public benchmarks. The experimental results indicate that our approach can achieve better performance than other state-of-the-art approaches. The code is released at https://github.com/flysnowtiger/GRL.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TransBTS: Multimodal Brain Tumor Segmentation Using Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04430">arxiv:2103.04430</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Wenxuan Wang, Chen Chen, Meng Ding, Jiangyun Li, Hong Yu, Sen Zha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transformer, which can benefit from global (long-range) information modeling using self-attention mechanisms, has been successful in natural language processing and 2D image classification recently. However, both local and global features are crucial for dense prediction tasks, especially for 3D medical image segmentation. In this paper, we for the first time exploit Transformer in 3D CNN for MRI Brain Tumor Segmentation and propose a novel network named TransBTS based on the encoder-decoder structure. To capture the local 3D context information, the encoder first utilizes 3D CNN to extract the volumetric spatial feature maps. Meanwhile, the feature maps are reformed elaborately for tokens that are fed into Transformer for global feature modeling. The decoder leverages the features embedded by Transformer and performs progressive upsampling to predict the detailed segmentation map. Extensive experimental results on both BraTS 2019 and 2020 datasets show that TransBTS achieves comparable or higher results than previous state-of-the-art 3D methods for brain tumor segmentation on 3D MRI scans. The source code is available at https://github.com/Wenxuan-1119/TransBTS

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bio-JOIE: Joint Representation Learning of Biological Knowledge Bases</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04283">arxiv:2103.04283</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Junheng Hao, Chelsea Ju, Muhao Chen, Yizhou Sun, Carlo Zaniolo, Wei Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The widespread of Coronavirus has led to a worldwide pandemic with a high mortality rate. Currently, the knowledge accumulated from different studies about this virus is very limited. Leveraging a wide-range of biological knowledge, such as gene ontology and protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks from other closely related species presents a vital approach to infer the molecular impact of a new species. In this paper, we propose the transferred multi-relational embedding model Bio-JOIE to capture the knowledge of gene ontology and PPI networks, which demonstrates superb capability in modeling the SARS-CoV-2-human protein interactions. Bio-JOIE jointly trains two model components. The knowledge model encodes the relational facts from the protein and GO domains into separated embedding spaces, using a hierarchy-aware encoding technique employed for the GO terms. On top of that, the transfer model learns a non-linear transformation to transfer the knowledge of PPIs and gene ontology annotations across their embedding spaces. By leveraging only structured knowledge, Bio-JOIE significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods in PPI type prediction on multiple species. Furthermore, we also demonstrate the potential of leveraging the learned representations on clustering proteins with enzymatic function into enzyme commission families. Finally, we show that Bio-JOIE can accurately identify PPIs between the SARS-CoV-2 proteins and human proteins, providing valuable insights for advancing research on this new disease.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multimodal Representation Learning via Maximization of Local Mutual Information</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04537">arxiv:2103.04537</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Ruizhi Liao, Daniel Moyer, Miriam Cha, Keegan Quigley, Seth Berkowitz, Steven Horng, Polina Golland, William M. Wells</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose and demonstrate a representation learning approach by maximizing the mutual information between local features of images and text. The goal of this approach is to learn useful image representations by taking advantage of the rich information contained in the free text that describes the findings in the image. Our method trains image and text encoders by encouraging the resulting representations to exhibit high local mutual information. We make use of recent advances in mutual information estimation with neural network discriminators. We argue that the sum of local mutual information is typically a lower bound on the global mutual information. Our experimental results in the downstream image classification tasks demonstrate the advantages of using local features for image-text representation learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptive-Control-Oriented Meta-Learning for Nonlinear Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04490">arxiv:2103.04490</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Spencer M. Richards, Navid Azizan, Jean-Jacques Slotine, Marco Pavone</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Real-time adaptation is imperative to the control of robots operating in complex, dynamic environments. Adaptive control laws can endow even nonlinear systems with good trajectory tracking performance, provided that any uncertain dynamics terms are linearly parameterizable with known nonlinear features. However, it is often difficult to specify such features a priori, such as for aerodynamic disturbances on rotorcraft or interaction forces between a manipulator arm and various objects. In this paper, we turn to data-driven modeling with neural networks to learn, offline from past data, an adaptive controller with an internal parametric model of these nonlinear features. Our key insight is that we can better prepare the controller for deployment with control-oriented meta-learning of features in closed-loop simulation, rather than regression-oriented meta-learning of features to fit input-output data. Specifically, we meta-learn the adaptive controller with closed-loop tracking simulation as the base-learner and the average tracking error as the meta-objective. With a nonlinear planar rotorcraft subject to wind, we demonstrate that our adaptive controller outperforms other controllers trained with regression-oriented meta-learning when deployed in closed-loop for trajectory tracking control.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring a Makeup Support System for Transgender Passing based on Automatic Gender Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04544">arxiv:2103.04544</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Toby Chong, Nolwenn Maudet, Katsuki Harima, Takeo Igarashi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** How to handle gender with machine learning is a controversial topic. A growing critical body of research brought attention to the numerous issues transgender communities face with the adoption of current automatic gender recognition (AGR) systems. In contrast, we explore how such technologies could potentially be appropriated to support transgender practices and needs, especially in non-Western contexts like Japan. We designed a virtual makeup probe to assist transgender individuals with passing, that is to be perceived as the gender they identify as. To understand how such an application might support expressing transgender individuals gender identity or not, we interviewed 15 individuals in Tokyo and found that in the right context and under strict conditions, AGR based systems could assist transgender passing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convolutional Graph-Tensor Net for Graph Data Completion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04485">arxiv:2103.04485</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Xiao-Yang Liu, Ming Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph data completion is a fundamentally important issue as data generally has a graph structure, e.g., social networks, recommendation systems, and the Internet of Things. We consider a graph where each node has a data matrix, represented as a \textit{graph-tensor} by stacking the data matrices in the third dimension. In this paper, we propose a \textit{Convolutional Graph-Tensor Net} (\textit{Conv GT-Net}) for the graph data completion problem, which uses deep neural networks to learn the general transform of graph-tensors. The experimental results on the ego-Facebook data sets show that the proposed \textit{Conv GT-Net} achieves significant improvements on both completion accuracy (50\% higher) and completion speed (3.6x $\sim$ 8.1x faster) over the existing algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multimodal VAE Active Inference Controller</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04412">arxiv:2103.04412</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Cristian Meo, Pablo Lanillos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Active inference, a theoretical construct inspired by brain processing, is a promising alternative to control artificial agents. However, current methods do not yet scale to high-dimensional inputs in continuous control. Here we present a novel active inference torque controller for industrial arms that maintains the adaptive characteristics of previous proprioceptive approaches but also enables large-scale multimodal integration (e.g., raw images). We extended our previous mathematical formulation by including multimodal state representation learning using a linearly coupled multimodal variational autoencoder. We evaluated our model on a simulated 7DOF Franka Emika Panda robot arm and compared its behavior with a previous active inference baseline and the Panda built-in optimized controller. Results showed improved tracking and control in goal-directed reaching due to the increased representation power, high robustness to noise and adaptability in changes on the environmental conditions and robot parameters without the need to relearn the generative models nor parameters retuning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Embodied Continual Learning Across Developmental Time Via Developmental Braitenberg Vehicles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.05753">arxiv:2103.05753</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Bradly Alicea, Rishabh Chakrabarty, Akshara Gopi, Anson Lim, Jesse Parent</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is much to learn through synthesis of Developmental Biology, Cognitive Science and Computational Modeling. One lesson we can learn from this perspective is that the initialization of intelligent programs cannot solely rely on manipulation of numerous parameters. Our path forward is to present a design for developmentally-inspired learning agents based on the Braitenberg Vehicle. Using these agents to exemplify artificial embodied intelligence, we move closer to modeling embodied experience and morphogenetic growth as components of cognitive developmental capacity. We consider various factors regarding biological and cognitive development which influence the generation of adult phenotypes and the contingency of available developmental pathways. These mechanisms produce emergent connectivity with shifting weights and adaptive network topography, thus illustrating the importance of developmental processes in training neural networks. This approach provides a blueprint for adaptive agent behavior that might result from a developmental approach: namely by exploiting critical periods or growth and acquisition, an explicitly embodied network architecture, and a distinction between the assembly of neural networks and active learning on these networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CNN-based Spoken Term Detection and Localization without Dynamic Programming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.05468">arxiv:2103.05468</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tzeviya Sylvia Fuchs, Yael Segal, Joseph Keshet</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a spoken term detection algorithm for simultaneous prediction and localization of in-vocabulary and out-of-vocabulary terms within an audio segment. The proposed algorithm infers whether a term was uttered within a given speech signal or not by predicting the word embeddings of various parts of the speech signal and comparing them to the word embedding of the desired term. The algorithm utilizes an existing embedding space for this task and does not need to train a task-specific embedding space. At inference the algorithm simultaneously predicts all possible locations of the target term and does not need dynamic programming for optimal search. We evaluate our system on several spoken term detection tasks on read speech corpora.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Model-Free Online Learning in Unknown Sequential Decision Making Problems and Games</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04539">arxiv:2103.04539</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Gabriele Farina, Tuomas Sandholm</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Regret minimization has proved to be a versatile tool for tree-form sequential decision making and extensive-form games. In large two-player zero-sum imperfect-information games, modern extensions of counterfactual regret minimization (CFR) are currently the practical state of the art for computing a Nash equilibrium. Most regret-minimization algorithms for tree-form sequential decision making, including CFR, require (i) an exact model of the player's decision nodes, observation nodes, and how they are linked, and (ii) full knowledge, at all times t, about the payoffs -- even in parts of the decision space that are not encountered at time t. Recently, there has been growing interest towards relaxing some of those restrictions and making regret minimization applicable to settings for which reinforcement learning methods have traditionally been used -- for example, those in which only black-box access to the environment is available. We give the first, to our knowledge, regret-minimization algorithm that guarantees sublinear regret with high probability even when requirement (i) -- and thus also (ii) -- is dropped. We formalize an online learning setting in which the strategy space is not known to the agent and gets revealed incrementally whenever the agent encounters new decision points. We give an efficient algorithm that achieves $O(T^{3/4})$ regret with high probability for that setting, even when the agent faces an adversarial environment. Our experiments show it significantly outperforms the prior algorithms for the problem, which do not have such guarantees. It can be used in any application for which regret minimization is useful: approximating Nash equilibrium or quantal response equilibrium, approximating coarse correlated equilibrium in multi-player games, learning a best response, learning safe opponent exploitation, and online play against an unknown opponent/environment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detecting Adversarial Examples from Sensitivity Inconsistency of Spatial-Transform Domain</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04302">arxiv:2103.04302</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jinyu Tian, Jiantao Zhou, Yuanman Li, Jia Duan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been shown to be vulnerable against adversarial examples (AEs), which are maliciously designed to cause dramatic model output errors. In this work, we reveal that normal examples (NEs) are insensitive to the fluctuations occurring at the highly-curved region of the decision boundary, while AEs typically designed over one single domain (mostly spatial domain) exhibit exorbitant sensitivity on such fluctuations. This phenomenon motivates us to design another classifier (called dual classifier) with transformed decision boundary, which can be collaboratively used with the original classifier (called primal classifier) to detect AEs, by virtue of the sensitivity inconsistency. When comparing with the state-of-the-art algorithms based on Local Intrinsic Dimensionality (LID), Mahalanobis Distance (MD), and Feature Squeezing (FS), our proposed Sensitivity Inconsistency Detector (SID) achieves improved AE detection performance and superior generalization capabilities, especially in the challenging cases where the adversarial perturbation levels are small. Intensive experimental results on ResNet and VGG validate the superiority of the proposed SID.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decision-Making under On-Ramp merge Scenarios by Distributional Soft Actor-Critic Algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04535">arxiv:2103.04535</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yiting Kong, Yang Guan, Jingliang Duan, Shengbo Eben Li, Qi Sun, Bingbing Nie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Merging into the highway from the on-ramp is an essential scenario for automated driving. The decision-making under the scenario needs to balance the safety and efficiency performance to optimize a long-term objective, which is challenging due to the dynamic, stochastic, and adversarial characteristics. The Rule-based methods often lead to conservative driving on this task while the learning-based methods have difficulties meeting the safety requirements. In this paper, we propose an RL-based end-to-end decision-making method under a framework of offline training and online correction, called the Shielded Distributional Soft Actor-critic (SDSAC). The SDSAC adopts the policy evaluation with safety consideration and a safety shield parameterized with the barrier function in its offline training and online correction, respectively. These two measures support each other for better safety while not damaging the efficiency performance severely. We verify the SDSAC on an on-ramp merge scenario in simulation. The results show that the SDSAC has the best safety performance compared to baseline algorithms and achieves efficient driving simultaneously.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Loosely Synchronized Search for Multi-agent Path Finding with Asynchronous Actions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04516">arxiv:2103.04516</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhongqiang Ren, Sivakumar Rathinam, Howie Choset</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-agent path finding (MAPF) determines an ensemble of collision-free paths for multiple agents between their respective start and goal locations. Among the available MAPF planners for workspace modeled as a graph, A*-based approaches have been widely investigated due to their guarantees on completeness and solution optimality, and have demonstrated their efficiency in many scenarios. However, almost all of these A*-based methods assume that each agent executes an action concurrently in that all agents start and stop together. This article presents a natural generalization of MAPF with asynchronous actions (MAPF-AA) where agents do not necessarily start and stop concurrently. The main contribution of the work is a proposed approach called Loosely Synchronized Search (LSS) that extends A*-based MAPF planners to handle asynchronous actions. We show LSS is complete and finds an optimal solution if one exists. We also combine LSS with other existing MAPF methods that aims to trade-off optimality for computational efficiency. Numerical results are presented to corroborate the performance of LSS and the applicability of the proposed method is verified in the Robotarium, a remotely accessible swarm robotics research platform.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Global Adversarial Robustness Generalization With Adversarially Trained GAN</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04513">arxiv:2103.04513</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Desheng Wang, Weidong Jin, Yunpu Wu, Aamir Khan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved beyond human-level accuracy in the image classification task and are widely deployed in real-world environments. However, CNNs show vulnerability to adversarial perturbations that are well-designed noises aiming to mislead the classification models. In order to defend against the adversarial perturbations, adversarially trained GAN (ATGAN) is proposed to improve the adversarial robustness generalization of the state-of-the-art CNNs trained by adversarial training. ATGAN incorporates adversarial training into standard GAN training procedure to remove obfuscated gradients which can lead to a false sense in defending against the adversarial perturbations and are commonly observed in existing GANs-based adversarial defense methods. Moreover, ATGAN adopts the image-to-image generator as data augmentation to increase the sample complexity needed for adversarial robustness generalization in adversarial training. Experimental results in MNIST SVHN and CIFAR-10 datasets show that the proposed method doesn't rely on obfuscated gradients and achieves better global adversarial robustness generalization performance than the adversarially trained state-of-the-art CNNs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Lower Bound for the Sample Complexity of Inverse Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04446">arxiv:2103.04446</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Abi Komanduru, Jean Honorio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) is the task of finding a reward function that generates a desired optimal policy for a given Markov Decision Process (MDP). This paper develops an information-theoretic lower bound for the sample complexity of the finite state, finite action IRL problem. A geometric construction of $β$-strict separable IRL problems using spherical codes is considered. Properties of the ensemble size as well as the Kullback-Leibler divergence between the generated trajectories are derived. The resulting ensemble is then used along with Fano's inequality to derive a sample complexity lower bound of $O(n \log n)$, where $n$ is the number of states in the MDP.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Auto-tuning of Deep Neural Networks by Conflicting Layer Removal</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04331">arxiv:2103.04331</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>David Peer, Sebastian Stabinger, Antonio Rodriguez-Sanchez</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Designing neural network architectures is a challenging task and knowing which specific layers of a model must be adapted to improve the performance is almost a mystery. In this paper, we introduce a novel methodology to identify layers that decrease the test accuracy of trained models. Conflicting layers are detected as early as the beginning of training. In the worst-case scenario, we prove that such a layer could lead to a network that cannot be trained at all. A theoretical analysis is provided on what is the origin of those layers that result in a lower overall network performance, which is complemented by our extensive empirical evaluation. More precisely, we identified those layers that worsen the performance because they would produce what we name conflicting training bundles. We will show that around 60% of the layers of trained residual networks can be completely removed from the architecture with no significant increase in the test-error. We will further present a novel neural-architecture-search (NAS) algorithm that identifies conflicting layers at the beginning of the training. Architectures found by our auto-tuning algorithm achieve competitive accuracy values when compared against more complex state-of-the-art architectures, while drastically reducing memory consumption and inference time for different computer vision tasks. The source code is available on https://github.com/peerdavid/conflicting-bundles

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sentiment Analysis for Troll Detection on Weibo</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.09054">arxiv:2103.09054</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zidong Jiang, Fabio Di Troia, Mark Stamp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The impact of social media on the modern world is difficult to overstate. Virtually all companies and public figures have social media accounts on popular platforms such as Twitter and Facebook. In China, the micro-blogging service provider, Sina Weibo, is the most popular such service. To influence public opinion, Weibo trolls -- the so called Water Army -- can be hired to post deceptive comments. In this paper, we focus on troll detection via sentiment analysis and other user activity data on the Sina Weibo platform. We implement techniques for Chinese sentence segmentation, word embedding, and sentiment score calculation. In recent years, troll detection and sentiment analysis have been studied, but we are not aware of previous research that considers troll detection based on sentiment analysis. We employ the resulting techniques to develop and test a sentiment analysis approach for troll detection, based on a variety of machine learning strategies. Experimental results are generated and analyzed. A Chrome extension is presented that implements our proposed technique, which enables real-time troll detection when a user browses Sina Weibo.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Universal Adversarial Perturbations and Image Spam Classifiers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.05469">arxiv:2103.05469</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Andy Phung, Mark Stamp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As the name suggests, image spam is spam email that has been embedded in an image. Image spam was developed in an effort to evade text-based filters. Modern deep learning-based classifiers perform well in detecting typical image spam that is seen in the wild. In this chapter, we evaluate numerous adversarial techniques for the purpose of attacking deep learning-based image spam classifiers. Of the techniques tested, we find that universal perturbation performs best. Using universal adversarial perturbations, we propose and analyze a new transformation-based adversarial attack that enables us to create tailored "natural perturbations" in image spam. The resulting spam images benefit from both the presence of concentrated natural features and a universal adversarial perturbation. We show that the proposed technique outperforms existing adversarial attacks in terms of accuracy reduction, computation time per example, and perturbation distance. We apply our technique to create a dataset of adversarial spam images, which can serve as a challenge dataset for future research in image spam detection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Let's be friends! A rapport-building 3D embodied conversational agent for the Human Support Robot</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04498">arxiv:2103.04498</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Katarzyna Pasternak, Zishi Wu, Ubbo Visser, Christine Lisetti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Partial subtle mirroring of nonverbal behaviors during conversations (also known as mimicking or parallel empathy), is essential for rapport building, which in turn is essential for optimal human-human communication outcomes. Mirroring has been studied in interactions between robots and humans, and in interactions between Embodied Conversational Agents (ECAs) and humans. However, very few studies examine interactions between humans and ECAs that are integrated with robots, and none of them examine the effect of mirroring nonverbal behaviors in such interactions. Our research question is whether integrating an ECA able to mirror its interlocutor's facial expressions and head movements (continuously or intermittently) with a human-service robot will improve the user's experience with the support robot that is able to perform useful mobile manipulative tasks (e.g. at home). Our contribution is the complex integration of an expressive ECA, able to track its interlocutor's face, and to mirror his/her facial expressions and head movements in real time, integrated with a human support robot such that the robot and the agent are fully aware of each others', and of the users', nonverbals cues. We also describe a pilot study we conducted towards answering our research question, which shows promising results for our forthcoming larger user study.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sparsification for Fast Optimal Multi-Robot Path Planning in Lazy Compilation Schemes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04496">arxiv:2103.04496</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Pavel Surynek</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Path planning for multiple robots (MRPP) represents a task of finding non-colliding paths for robots through which they can navigate from their initial positions to specified goal positions. The problem is usually modeled using undirected graphs where robots move between vertices across edges. Contemporary optimal solving algorithms include dedicated search-based methods, that solve the problem directly, and compilation-based algorithms that reduce MRPP to a different formalism for which an efficient solver exists, such as constraint programming (CP), mixed integer programming (MIP), or Boolean satisfiability (SAT). In this paper, we enhance existing SAT-based algorithm for MRPP via spartification of the set of candidate paths for each robot from which target Boolean encoding is derived. Suggested sparsification of the set of paths led to smaller target Boolean formulae that can be constructed and solved faster while optimality guarantees of the approach have been kept.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Local word statistics affect reading times independently of surprisal</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04469">arxiv:2103.04469</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Adam Goodkind, Klinton Bicknell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Surprisal theory has provided a unifying framework for understanding many phenomena in sentence processing (Hale, 2001; Levy, 2008a), positing that a word's conditional probability given all prior context fully determines processing difficulty. Problematically for this claim, one local statistic, word frequency, has also been shown to affect processing, even when conditional probability given context is held constant. Here, we ask whether other local statistics have a role in processing, or whether word frequency is a special case. We present the first clear evidence that more complex local statistics, word bigram and trigram probability, also affect processing independently of surprisal. These findings suggest a significant and independent role of local statistics in processing. Further, it motivates research into new generalizations of surprisal that can also explain why local statistical information should have an outsized effect.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Model Performance Estimation via Feature Histories</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04450">arxiv:2103.04450</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shengcao Cao, Xiaofang Wang, Kris Kitani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An important step in the task of neural network design, such as hyper-parameter optimization (HPO) or neural architecture search (NAS), is the evaluation of a candidate model's performance. Given fixed computational resources, one can either invest more time training each model to obtain more accurate estimates of final performance, or spend more time exploring a greater variety of models in the configuration space. In this work, we aim to optimize this exploration-exploitation trade-off in the context of HPO and NAS for image classification by accurately approximating a model's maximal performance early in the training process. In contrast to recent accelerated NAS methods customized for certain search spaces, e.g., requiring the search space to be differentiable, our method is flexible and imposes almost no constraints on the search space. Our method uses the evolution history of features of a network during the early stages of training to build a proxy classifier that matches the peak performance of the network under consideration. We show that our method can be combined with multiple search algorithms to find better solutions to a wide range of tasks in HPO and NAS. Using a sampling-based search algorithm and parallel computing, our method can find an architecture which is better than DARTS and with an 80% reduction in wall-clock search time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptive Agent Architecture for Real-time Human-Agent Teaming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04439">arxiv:2103.04439</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tianwei Ni, Huao Li, Siddharth Agrawal, Suhas Raja, Fan Jia, Yikang Gui, Dana Hughes, Michael Lewis, Katia Sycara</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Teamwork is a set of interrelated reasoning, actions and behaviors of team members that facilitate common objectives. Teamwork theory and experiments have resulted in a set of states and processes for team effectiveness in both human-human and agent-agent teams. However, human-agent teaming is less well studied because it is so new and involves asymmetry in policy and intent not present in human teams. To optimize team performance in human-agent teaming, it is critical that agents infer human intent and adapt their polices for smooth coordination. Most literature in human-agent teaming builds agents referencing a learned human model. Though these agents are guaranteed to perform well with the learned model, they lay heavy assumptions on human policy such as optimality and consistency, which is unlikely in many real-world scenarios. In this paper, we propose a novel adaptive agent architecture in human-model-free setting on a two-player cooperative game, namely Team Space Fortress (TSF). Previous human-human team research have shown complementary policies in TSF game and diversity in human players' skill, which encourages us to relax the assumptions on human policy. Therefore, we discard learning human models from human data, and instead use an adaptation strategy on a pre-trained library of exemplar policies composed of RL algorithms or rule-based methods with minimal assumptions of human behavior. The adaptation strategy relies on a novel similarity metric to infer human policy and then selects the most complementary policy in our library to maximize the team performance. The adaptive agent architecture can be deployed in real-time and generalize to any off-the-shelf static agents. We conducted human-agent experiments to evaluate the proposed adaptive agent framework, and demonstrated the suboptimality, diversity, and adaptability of human policies in human-agent teams.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Escaping Saddle Points with Stochastically Controlled Stochastic Gradient Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04413">arxiv:2103.04413</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Guannan Liang, Qianqian Tong, Chunjiang Zhu, Jinbo Bi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Stochastically controlled stochastic gradient (SCSG) methods have been proved to converge efficiently to first-order stationary points which, however, can be saddle points in nonconvex optimization. It has been observed that a stochastic gradient descent (SGD) step introduces anistropic noise around saddle points for deep learning and non-convex half space learning problems, which indicates that SGD satisfies the correlated negative curvature (CNC) condition for these problems. Therefore, we propose to use a separate SGD step to help the SCSG method escape from strict saddle points, resulting in the CNC-SCSG method. The SGD step plays a role similar to noise injection but is more stable. We prove that the resultant algorithm converges to a second-order stationary point with a convergence rate of $\tilde{O}( ε^{-2} log( 1/ε))$ where $ε$ is the pre-specified error tolerance. This convergence rate is independent of the problem dimension, and is faster than that of CNC-SGD. A more general framework is further designed to incorporate the proposed CNC-SCSG into any first-order method for the method to escape saddle points. Simulation studies illustrate that the proposed algorithm can escape saddle points in much fewer epochs than the gradient descent methods perturbed by either noise injection or a SGD step.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CORe: Capitalizing On Rewards in Bandit Exploration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04387">arxiv:2103.04387</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nan Wang, Branislav Kveton, Maryam Karimzadehgan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a bandit algorithm that explores purely by randomizing its past observations. In particular, the sufficient optimism in the mean reward estimates is achieved by exploiting the variance in the past observed rewards. We name the algorithm Capitalizing On Rewards (CORe). The algorithm is general and can be easily applied to different bandit settings. The main benefit of CORe is that its exploration is fully data-dependent. It does not rely on any external noise and adapts to different problems without parameter tuning. We derive a $\tilde O(d\sqrt{n\log K})$ gap-free bound on the $n$-round regret of CORe in a stochastic linear bandit, where $d$ is the number of features and $K$ is the number of arms. Extensive empirical evaluation on multiple synthetic and real-world problems demonstrates the effectiveness of CORe.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Network Representation Learning: From Traditional Feature Learning to Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04339">arxiv:2103.04339</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ke Sun, Lei Wang, Bo Xu, Wenhong Zhao, Shyh Wei Teng, Feng Xia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Network representation learning (NRL) is an effective graph analytics technique and promotes users to deeply understand the hidden characteristics of graph data. It has been successfully applied in many real-world tasks related to network science, such as social network data processing, biological information processing, and recommender systems. Deep Learning is a powerful tool to learn data features. However, it is non-trivial to generalize deep learning to graph-structured data since it is different from the regular data such as pictures having spatial information and sounds having temporal information. Recently, researchers proposed many deep learning-based methods in the area of NRL. In this survey, we investigate classical NRL from traditional feature learning method to the deep learning-based model, analyze relationships between them, and summarize the latest progress. Finally, we discuss open issues considering NRL and point out the future directions in this field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Measuring Discrimination to Boost Comparative Testing for Multiple Deep Learning Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04333">arxiv:2103.04333</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Linghan Meng, Yanhui Li, Lin Chen, Zhi Wang, Di Wu, Yuming Zhou, Baowen Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The boom of DL technology leads to massive DL models built and shared, which facilitates the acquisition and reuse of DL models. For a given task, we encounter multiple DL models available with the same functionality, which are considered as candidates to achieve this task. Testers are expected to compare multiple DL models and select the more suitable ones w.r.t. the whole testing context. Due to the limitation of labeling effort, testers aim to select an efficient subset of samples to make an as precise rank estimation as possible for these models. To tackle this problem, we propose Sample Discrimination based Selection (SDS) to select efficient samples that could discriminate multiple models, i.e., the prediction behaviors (right/wrong) of these samples would be helpful to indicate the trend of model performance. To evaluate SDS, we conduct an extensive empirical study with three widely-used image datasets and 80 real world DL models. The experimental results show that, compared with state-of-the-art baseline methods, SDS is an effective and efficient sample selection method to rank multiple DL models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Implementing graph neural networks with TensorFlow-Keras</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04318">arxiv:2103.04318</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Patrick Reiser, Andre Eberhard, Pascal Friederich</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph neural networks are a versatile machine learning architecture that received a lot of attention recently. In this technical report, we present an implementation of convolution and pooling layers for TensorFlow-Keras models, which allows a seamless and flexible integration into standard Keras layers to set up graph models in a functional way. This implies the usage of mini-batches as the first tensor dimension, which can be realized via the new RaggedTensor class of TensorFlow best suited for graphs. We developed the Keras Graph Convolutional Neural Network Python package kgcnn based on TensorFlow-Keras that provides a set of Keras layers for graph networks which focus on a transparent tensor structure passed between layers and an ease-of-use mindset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Expert System Gradient Descent Style Training: Development of a Defensible Artificial Intelligence Technique</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04314">arxiv:2103.04314</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jeremy Straub</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial intelligence systems, which are designed with a capability to learn from the data presented to them, are used throughout society. These systems are used to screen loan applicants, make sentencing recommendations for criminal defendants, scan social media posts for disallowed content and more. Because these systems don't assign meaning to their complex learned correlation network, they can learn associations that don't equate to causality, resulting in non-optimal and indefensible decisions being made. In addition to making decisions that are sub-optimal, these systems may create legal liability for their designers and operators by learning correlations that violate anti-discrimination and other laws regarding what factors can be used in different types of decision making. This paper presents the use of a machine learning expert system, which is developed with meaning-assigned nodes (facts) and correlations (rules). Multiple potential implementations are considered and evaluated under different conditions, including different network error and augmentation levels and different training levels. The performance of these systems is compared to random and fully connected networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Orthogonal Attention: A Cloze-Style Approach to Negation Scope Resolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04294">arxiv:2103.04294</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Aditya Khandelwal, Vahida Attar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Negation Scope Resolution is an extensively researched problem, which is used to locate the words affected by a negation cue in a sentence. Recent works have shown that simply finetuning transformer-based architectures yield state-of-the-art results on this task. In this work, we look at Negation Scope Resolution as a Cloze-Style task, with the sentence as the Context and the cue words as the Query. We also introduce a novel Cloze-Style Attention mechanism called Orthogonal Attention, which is inspired by Self Attention. First, we propose a framework for developing Orthogonal Attention variants, and then propose 4 Orthogonal Attention variants: OA-C, OA-CA, OA-EM, and OA-EMB. Using these Orthogonal Attention layers on top of an XLNet backbone, we outperform the finetuned XLNet state-of-the-art for Negation Scope Resolution, achieving the best results to date on all 4 datasets we experiment with: BioScope Abstracts, BioScope Full Papers, SFU Review Corpus and the *sem 2012 Dataset (Sherlock).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Routing Towards Discriminative Power of Class Capsules</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04278">arxiv:2103.04278</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Haoyu Yang, Shuhe Li, Bei Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Capsule networks are recently proposed as an alternative to modern neural network architectures. Neurons are replaced with capsule units that represent specific features or entities with normalized vectors or matrices. The activation of lower layer capsules affects the behavior of the following capsules via routing links that are constructed during training via certain routing algorithms. We discuss the routing-by-agreement scheme in dynamic routing algorithm which, in certain cases, leads the networks away from optimality. To obtain better and faster convergence, we propose a routing algorithm that incorporates a regularized quadratic programming problem which can be solved efficiently. Particularly, the proposed routing algorithm targets directly on the discriminative power of class capsules making the correct decision on input instances. We conduct experiments on MNIST, MNIST-Fashion, and CIFAR-10 and show competitive classification results compared to existing capsule networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hybrid Model with Time Modeling for Sequential Recommender Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.06138">arxiv:2103.06138</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Marlesson R. O. Santana, Anderson Soares</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning based methods have been used successfully in recommender system problems. Approaches using recurrent neural networks, transformers, and attention mechanisms are useful to model users' long- and short-term preferences in sequential interactions. To explore different session-based recommendation solutions, Booking.com recently organized the WSDM WebTour 2021 Challenge, which aims to benchmark models to recommend the final city in a trip. This study presents our approach to this challenge. We conducted several experiments to test different state-of-the-art deep learning architectures for recommender systems. Further, we proposed some changes to Neural Attentive Recommendation Machine (NARM), adapted its architecture for the challenge objective, and implemented training approaches that can be used in any session-based model to improve accuracy. Our experimental result shows that the improved NARM outperforms all other state-of-the-art benchmark methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Comparison of Word2Vec, HMM2Vec, and PCA2Vec for Malware Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.05763">arxiv:2103.05763</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Aniket Chandak, Wendy Lee, Mark Stamp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Word embeddings are often used in natural language processing as a means to quantify relationships between words. More generally, these same word embedding techniques can be used to quantify relationships between features. In this paper, we first consider multiple different word embedding techniques within the context of malware classification. We use hidden Markov models to obtain embedding vectors in an approach that we refer to as HMM2Vec, and we generate vector embeddings based on principal component analysis. We also consider the popular neural network based word embedding technique known as Word2Vec. In each case, we derive feature embeddings based on opcode sequences for malware samples from a variety of different families. We show that we can obtain better classification accuracy based on these feature embeddings, as compared to HMM experiments that directly use the opcode sequences, and serve to establish a baseline. These results show that word embeddings can be a useful feature engineering step in the field of malware analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cluster Analysis of Malware Family Relationships</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.05761">arxiv:2103.05761</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Samanvitha Basole, Mark Stamp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we use $K$-means clustering to analyze various relationships between malware samples. We consider a dataset comprising~20 malware families with~1000 samples per family. These families can be categorized into seven different types of malware. We perform clustering based on pairs of families and use the results to determine relationships between families. We perform a similar cluster analysis based on malware type. Our results indicate that $K$-means clustering can be a powerful tool for data exploration of malware family relationships.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Word Embedding Techniques for Malware Evolution Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.05759">arxiv:2103.05759</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sunhera Paul, Mark Stamp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Malware detection is a critical aspect of information security. One difficulty that arises is that malware often evolves over time. To maintain effective malware detection, it is necessary to determine when malware evolution has occurred so that appropriate countermeasures can be taken. We perform a variety of experiments aimed at detecting points in time where a malware family has likely evolved, and we consider secondary tests designed to confirm that evolution has actually occurred. Several malware families are analyzed, each of which includes a number of samples collected over an extended period of time. Our experiments indicate that improved results are obtained using feature engineering based on word embedding techniques. All of our experiments are based on machine learning models, and hence our evolution detection strategies require minimal human intervention and can easily be automated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Weather Analogs with a Machine Learning Similarity Metric for Renewable Resource Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04530">arxiv:2103.04530</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Weiming Hu, Guido Cervone, George Young, Luca Delle Monache</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Analog Ensemble (AnEn) technique has been shown effective on several weather problems. Unlike previous weather analogs that are sought within a large spatial domain and an extended temporal window, AnEn strictly confines space and time, and independently generates results at each grid point within a short time window. AnEn can find similar forecasts that lead to accurate and calibrated ensemble forecasts. The central core of the AnEn technique is a similarity metric that sorts historical forecasts with respect to a new target prediction. A commonly used metric is Euclidean distance. However, a significant difficulty using this metric is the definition of the weights for all the parameters. Generally, feature selection and extensive weight search are needed.
  This paper proposes a novel definition of weather analogs through a Machine Learning (ML) based similarity metric. The similarity metric uses neural networks that are trained and instantiated to search for weather analogs. This new metric allows incorporating all variables without requiring a prior feature selection and weight optimization. Experiments are presented on the application of this new metric to forecast wind speed and solar irradiance. Results show that the ML metric generally outperforms the original metric. The ML metric has a better capability to correct for larger errors and to take advantage of a larger search repository. Spatial predictions using a learned metric also show the ability to define effective latent features that are transferable to other locations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Split Computing and Early Exiting for Deep Learning Applications: Survey and Research Challenges</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04505">arxiv:2103.04505</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yoshitomo Matsubara, Marco Levorato, Francesco Restuccia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Mobile devices such as smartphones and autonomous vehicles increasingly rely on deep neural networks (DNNs) to execute complex inference tasks such as image classification and speech recognition, among others. However, continuously executing the entire DNN on the mobile device can quickly deplete its battery. Although task offloading to cloud/edge servers may decrease the mobile device's computational burden, erratic patterns in channel quality, network, and edge server load can lead to a significant delay in task execution. Recently, approaches based on split computing (SC) have been proposed, where the DNN is split into a head and a tail model, executed respectively on the mobile device and on the edge server. Ultimately, this may reduce bandwidth usage as well as energy consumption. Another approach, called early exiting (EE), trains models to present multiple "exits" earlier in the architecture, each providing increasingly higher target accuracy. Therefore, the trade-off between accuracy and delay can be tuned according to the current conditions or application demands. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey of the state of the art in SC and EE strategies by presenting a comparison of the most relevant approaches. We conclude the paper by providing a set of compelling research challenges.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Snapshot Compressive Imaging: Principle, Implementation, Theory, Algorithms and Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04421">arxiv:2103.04421</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Xin Yuan, David J. Brady, Aggelos K. Katsaggelos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Capturing high-dimensional (HD) data is a long-term challenge in signal processing and related fields. Snapshot compressive imaging (SCI) uses a two-dimensional (2D) detector to capture HD ($\ge3$D) data in a {\em snapshot} measurement. Via novel optical designs, the 2D detector samples the HD data in a {\em compressive} manner; following this, algorithms are employed to reconstruct the desired HD data-cube. SCI has been used in hyperspectral imaging, video, holography, tomography, focal depth imaging, polarization imaging, microscopy, \etc.~Though the hardware has been investigated for more than a decade, the theoretical guarantees have only recently been derived. Inspired by deep learning, various deep neural networks have also been developed to reconstruct the HD data-cube in spectral SCI and video SCI. This article reviews recent advances in SCI hardware, theory and algorithms, including both optimization-based and deep-learning-based algorithms. Diverse applications and the outlook of SCI are also discussed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automatic Flare Spot Artifact Detection and Removal in Photographs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04384">arxiv:2103.04384</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Patricia Vitoria, Coloma Ballester</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Flare spot is one type of flare artifact caused by a number of conditions, frequently provoked by one or more high-luminance sources within or close to the camera field of view. When light rays coming from a high-luminance source reach the front element of a camera, it can produce intra-reflections within camera elements that emerge at the film plane forming non-image information or flare on the captured image. Even though preventive mechanisms are used, artifacts can appear. In this paper, we propose a robust computational method to automatically detect and remove flare spot artifacts. Our contribution is threefold: firstly, we propose a characterization which is based on intrinsic properties that a flare spot is likely to satisfy; secondly, we define a new confidence measure able to select flare spots among the candidates; and, finally, a method to accurately determine the flare region is given. Then, the detected artifacts are removed by using exemplar-based inpainting. We show that our algorithm achieve top-tier quantitative and qualitative performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spatial-Spectral Feedback Network for Super-Resolution of Hyperspectral Imagery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04354">arxiv:2103.04354</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Enhai Liu, Zhenjie Tang, Bin Pan, Zhenwei Shi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, single gray/RGB image super-resolution (SR) methods based on deep learning have achieved great success. However, there are two obstacles to limit technical development in the single hyperspectral image super-resolution. One is the high-dimensional and complex spectral patterns in hyperspectral image, which make it difficult to explore spatial information and spectral information among bands simultaneously. The other is that the number of available hyperspectral training samples is extremely small, which can easily lead to overfitting when training a deep neural network. To address these issues, in this paper, we propose a novel Spatial-Spectral Feedback Network (SSFN) to refine low-level representations among local spectral bands with high-level information from global spectral bands. It will not only alleviate the difficulty in feature extraction due to high dimensional of hyperspectral data, but also make the training process more stable. Specifically, we use hidden states in an RNN with finite unfoldings to achieve such feedback manner. To exploit the spatial and spectral prior, a Spatial-Spectral Feedback Block (SSFB) is designed to handle the feedback connections and generate powerful high-level representations. The proposed SSFN comes with a early predictions and can reconstruct the final high-resolution hyperspectral image step by step. Extensive experimental results on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed SSFN achieves superior performance in comparison with the state-of-the-art methods. The source code is available at https://github.com/tangzhenjie/SSFN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The impact of online machine-learning methods on long-term investment decisions and generator utilization in electricity markets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04327">arxiv:2103.04327</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Alexander J. M. Kell, A. Stephen McGough, Matthew Forshaw</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Electricity supply must be matched with demand at all times. This helps reduce the chances of issues such as load frequency control and the chances of electricity blackouts. To gain a better understanding of the load that is likely to be required over the next 24h, estimations under uncertainty are needed. This is especially difficult in a decentralized electricity market with many micro-producers which are not under central control.
  In this paper, we investigate the impact of eleven offline learning and five online learning algorithms to predict the electricity demand profile over the next 24h. We achieve this through integration within the long-term agent-based model, ElecSim. Through the prediction of electricity demand profile over the next 24h, we can simulate the predictions made for a day-ahead market. Once we have made these predictions, we sample from the residual distributions and perturb the electricity market demand using the simulation, ElecSim. This enables us to understand the impact of errors on the long-term dynamics of a decentralized electricity market.
  We show we can reduce the mean absolute error by 30% using an online algorithm when compared to the best offline algorithm, whilst reducing the required tendered national grid reserve required. This reduction in national grid reserves leads to savings in costs and emissions. We also show that large errors in prediction accuracy have a disproportionate error on investments made over a 17-year time frame, as well as electricity mix.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Joint Coding and Scheduling Optimization for Distributed Learning over Wireless Edge Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04303">arxiv:2103.04303</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nguyen Van Huynh, Dinh Thai Hoang, Diep N. Nguyen, Eryk Dutkiewicz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unlike theoretical distributed learning (DL), DL over wireless edge networks faces the inherent dynamics/uncertainty of wireless connections and edge nodes, making DL less efficient or even inapplicable under the highly dynamic wireless edge networks (e.g., using mmW interfaces). This article addresses these problems by leveraging recent advances in coded computing and the deep dueling neural network architecture. By introducing coded structures/redundancy, a distributed learning task can be completed without waiting for straggling nodes. Unlike conventional coded computing that only optimizes the code structure, coded distributed learning over the wireless edge also requires to optimize the selection/scheduling of wireless edge nodes with heterogeneous connections, computing capability, and straggling effects. However, even neglecting the aforementioned dynamics/uncertainty, the resulting joint optimization of coding and scheduling to minimize the distributed learning time turns out to be NP-hard. To tackle this and to account for the dynamics and uncertainty of wireless connections and edge nodes, we reformulate the problem as a Markov Decision Process and then design a novel deep reinforcement learning algorithm that employs the deep dueling neural network architecture to find the jointly optimal coding scheme and the best set of edge nodes for different learning tasks without explicit information about the wireless environment and edge nodes' straggling parameters. Simulations show that the proposed framework reduces the average learning delay in wireless edge computing up to 66% compared with other DL approaches. The jointly optimal framework in this article is also applicable to any distributed learning scheme with heterogeneous and uncertain computing nodes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Reinforcement Learning Based R-Tree for Spatial Data Indexing in Dynamic Environments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04541">arxiv:2103.04541</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Tu Gu, Kaiyu Feng, Gao Cong, Cheng Long, Zheng Wang, Sheng Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learned indices have been proposed to replace classic index structures like B-Tree with machine learning (ML) models. They require to replace both the indices and query processing algorithms currently deployed by the databases, and such a radical departure is likely to encounter challenges and obstacles. In contrast, we propose a fundamentally different way of using ML techniques to improve on the query performance of the classic R-Tree without the need of changing its structure or query processing algorithms. Specifically, we develop reinforcement learning (RL) based models to decide how to choose a subtree for insertion and how to split a node when building an R-Tree, instead of relying on hand-crafted heuristic rules currently used by R-Tree and its variants. Experiments on real and synthetic datasets with up to more than 100 million spatial objects clearly show that our RL based index outperforms R-Tree and its variants in terms of query processing time.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-03/2021-03-06.md)
