## Summary for 2021-12-03, created on 2021-12-17


<details><summary><b>Causal-based Time Series Domain Generalization for Vehicle Intention Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02093">arxiv:2112.02093</a>
&#x1F4C8; 99 <br>
<p>Yeping Hu, Xiaogang Jia, Masayoshi Tomizuka, Wei Zhan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurately predicting possible behaviors of traffic participants is an essential capability for autonomous vehicles. Since autonomous vehicles need to navigate in dynamically changing environments, they are expected to make accurate predictions regardless of where they are and what driving circumstances they encountered. Therefore, generalization capability to unseen domains is crucial for prediction models when autonomous vehicles are deployed in the real world. In this paper, we aim to address the domain generalization problem for vehicle intention prediction tasks and a causal-based time series domain generalization (CTSDG) model is proposed. We construct a structural causal model for vehicle intention prediction tasks to learn an invariant representation of input driving data for domain generalization. We further integrate a recurrent latent variable model into our structural causal model to better capture temporal latent dependencies from time-series input data. The effectiveness of our approach is evaluated via real-world driving data. We demonstrate that our proposed method has consistent improvement on prediction accuracy compared to other state-of-the-art domain generalization and behavior prediction methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reduced, Reused and Recycled: The Life of a Dataset in Machine Learning Research</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01716">arxiv:2112.01716</a>
&#x1F4C8; 67 <br>
<p>Bernard Koch, Emily Denton, Alex Hanna, Jacob G. Foster</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Benchmark datasets play a central role in the organization of machine learning research. They coordinate researchers around shared research problems and serve as a measure of progress towards shared goals. Despite the foundational role of benchmarking practices in this field, relatively little attention has been paid to the dynamics of benchmark dataset use and reuse, within or across machine learning subcommunities. In this paper, we dig into these dynamics. We study how dataset usage patterns differ across machine learning subcommunities and across time from 2015-2020. We find increasing concentration on fewer and fewer datasets within task communities, significant adoption of datasets from other tasks, and concentration across the field on datasets that have been introduced by researchers situated within a small number of elite institutions. Our results have implications for scientific evaluation, AI ethics, and equity/access within the field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Survey on English Entity Linking on Wikidata</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01989">arxiv:2112.01989</a>
&#x1F4C8; 41 <br>
<p>Cedric Möller, Jens Lehmann, Ricardo Usbeck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Wikidata is a frequently updated, community-driven, and multilingual knowledge graph. Hence, Wikidata is an attractive basis for Entity Linking, which is evident by the recent increase in published papers. This survey focuses on four subjects: (1) Which Wikidata Entity Linking datasets exist, how widely used are they and how are they constructed? (2) Do the characteristics of Wikidata matter for the design of Entity Linking datasets and if so, how? (3) How do current Entity Linking approaches exploit the specific characteristics of Wikidata? (4) Which Wikidata characteristics are unexploited by existing Entity Linking approaches? This survey reveals that current Wikidata-specific Entity Linking datasets do not differ in their annotation scheme from schemes for other knowledge graphs like DBpedia. Thus, the potential for multilingual and time-dependent datasets, naturally suited for Wikidata, is not lifted. Furthermore, we show that most Entity Linking approaches use Wikidata in the same way as any other knowledge graph missing the chance to leverage Wikidata-specific characteristics to increase quality. Almost all approaches employ specific properties like labels and sometimes descriptions but ignore characteristics such as the hyper-relational structure. Hence, there is still room for improvement, for example, by including hyper-relational graph embeddings or type information. Many approaches also include information from Wikipedia, which is easily combinable with Wikidata and provides valuable textual information, which Wikidata lacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Class-agnostic Reconstruction of Dynamic Objects from Videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02091">arxiv:2112.02091</a>
&#x1F4C8; 24 <br>
<p>Zhongzheng Ren, Xiaoming Zhao, Alexander G. Schwing</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce REDO, a class-agnostic framework to REconstruct the Dynamic Objects from RGBD or calibrated videos. Compared to prior work, our problem setting is more realistic yet more challenging for three reasons: 1) due to occlusion or camera settings an object of interest may never be entirely visible, but we aim to reconstruct the complete shape; 2) we aim to handle different object dynamics including rigid motion, non-rigid motion, and articulation; 3) we aim to reconstruct different categories of objects with one unified framework. To address these challenges, we develop two novel modules. First, we introduce a canonical 4D implicit function which is pixel-aligned with aggregated temporal visual cues. Second, we develop a 4D transformation module which captures object dynamics to support temporal propagation and aggregation. We study the efficacy of REDO in extensive experiments on synthetic RGBD video datasets SAIL-VOS 3D and DeformingThings4D++, and on real-world video data 3DPW. We find REDO outperforms state-of-the-art dynamic reconstruction methods by a margin. In ablation studies we validate each developed component.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Coupling Vision and Proprioception for Navigation of Legged Robots</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02094">arxiv:2112.02094</a>
&#x1F4C8; 22 <br>
<p>Zipeng Fu, Ashish Kumar, Ananye Agarwal, Haozhi Qi, Jitendra Malik, Deepak Pathak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We exploit the complementary strengths of vision and proprioception to achieve point goal navigation in a legged robot. Legged systems are capable of traversing more complex terrain than wheeled robots, but to fully exploit this capability, we need the high-level path planner in the navigation system to be aware of the walking capabilities of the low-level locomotion policy on varying terrains. We achieve this by using proprioceptive feedback to estimate the safe operating limits of the walking policy, and to sense unexpected obstacles and terrain properties like smoothness or softness of the ground that may be missed by vision. The navigation system uses onboard cameras to generate an occupancy map and a corresponding cost map to reach the goal. The FMM (Fast Marching Method) planner then generates a target path. The velocity command generator takes this as input to generate the desired velocity for the locomotion policy using as input additional constraints, from the safety advisor, of unexpected obstacles and terrain determined speed limits. We show superior performance compared to wheeled robot (LoCoBot) baselines, and other baselines which have disjoint high-level planning and low-level control. We also show the real-world deployment of our system on a quadruped robot with onboard sensors and compute. Videos at https://navigation-locomotion.github.io/camera-ready

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Using Machine Learning to Find New Density Functionals</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.05554">arxiv:2112.05554</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Bhupalee Kalita, Kieron Burke</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning has now become an integral part of research and innovation. The field of machine learning density functional theory has continuously expanded over the years while making several noticeable advances. We briefly discuss the status of this field and point out some current and future challenges. We also talk about how state-of-the-art science and technology tools can help overcome these challenges. This draft is a part of the "Roadmap on Machine Learning in Electronic Structure" to be published in Electronic Structure (EST).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Practitioner-Centric Approach for Early Incident Detection Using Crowdsourced Data for Emergency Services</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02012">arxiv:2112.02012</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Yasas Senarath, Ayan Mukhopadhyay, Sayyed Mohsen Vazirizade, Hemant Purohit, Saideep Nannapaneni, Abhishek Dubey</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Emergency response is highly dependent on the time of incident reporting. Unfortunately, the traditional approach to receiving incident reports (e.g., calling 911 in the USA) has time delays. Crowdsourcing platforms such as Waze provide an opportunity for early identification of incidents. However, detecting incidents from crowdsourced data streams is difficult due to the challenges of noise and uncertainty associated with such data. Further, simply optimizing over detection accuracy can compromise spatial-temporal localization of the inference, thereby making such approaches infeasible for real-world deployment. This paper presents a novel problem formulation and solution approach for practitioner-centered incident detection using crowdsourced data by using emergency response management as a case-study. The proposed approach CROME (Crowdsourced Multi-objective Event Detection) quantifies the relationship between the performance metrics of incident classification (e.g., F1 score) and the requirements of model practitioners (e.g., 1 km. radius for incident detection). First, we show how crowdsourced reports, ground-truth historical data, and other relevant determinants such as traffic and weather can be used together in a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture for early detection of emergency incidents. Then, we use a Pareto optimization-based approach to optimize the output of the CNN in tandem with practitioner-centric parameters to balance detection accuracy and spatial-temporal localization. Finally, we demonstrate the applicability of this approach using crowdsourced data from Waze and traffic accident reports from Nashville, TN, USA. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms existing approaches in incident detection while simultaneously optimizing the needs for real-world deployment and usability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Two-Stage Detection of Human-Object Interactions with a Novel Unary-Pairwise Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01838">arxiv:2112.01838</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Frederic Z. Zhang, Dylan Campbell, Stephen Gould</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent developments in transformer models for visual data have led to significant improvements in recognition and detection tasks. In particular, using learnable queries in place of region proposals has given rise to a new class of one-stage detection models, spearheaded by the Detection Transformer (DETR). Variations on this one-stage approach have since dominated human-object interaction (HOI) detection. However, the success of such one-stage HOI detectors can largely be attributed to the representation power of transformers. We discovered that when equipped with the same transformer, their two-stage counterparts can be more performant and memory-efficient, while taking a fraction of the time to train. In this work, we propose the Unary-Pairwise Transformer, a two-stage detector that exploits unary and pairwise representations for HOIs. We observe that the unary and pairwise parts of our transformer network specialise, with the former preferentially increasing the scores of positive examples and the latter decreasing the scores of negative examples. We evaluate our method on the HICO-DET and V-COCO datasets, and significantly outperform state-of-the-art approaches. At inference time, our model with ResNet50 approaches real-time performance on a single GPU.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bridging the Gap: Point Clouds for Merging Neurons in Connectomics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02039">arxiv:2112.02039</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Jules Berman, Dmitri B. Chklovskii, Jingpeng Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the field of Connectomics, a primary problem is that of 3D neuron segmentation. Although deep learning-based methods have achieved remarkable accuracy, errors still exist, especially in regions with image defects. One common type of defect is that of consecutive missing image sections. Here, data is lost along some axis, and the resulting neuron segmentations are split across the gap. To address this problem, we propose a novel method based on point cloud representations of neurons. We formulate the problem as a classification problem and train CurveNet, a state-of-the-art point cloud classification model, to identify which neurons should be merged. We show that our method not only performs strongly but also scales reasonably to gaps well beyond what other methods have attempted to address. Additionally, our point cloud representations are highly efficient in terms of data, maintaining high performance with an amount of data that would be unfeasible for other methods. We believe that this is an indicator of the viability of using point cloud representations for other proofreading tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Active Inference in Robotics and Artificial Agents: Survey and Challenges</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01871">arxiv:2112.01871</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Pablo Lanillos, Cristian Meo, Corrado Pezzato, Ajith Anil Meera, Mohamed Baioumy, Wataru Ohata, Alexander Tschantz, Beren Millidge, Martijn Wisse, Christopher L. Buckley, Jun Tani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Active inference is a mathematical framework which originated in computational neuroscience as a theory of how the brain implements action, perception and learning. Recently, it has been shown to be a promising approach to the problems of state-estimation and control under uncertainty, as well as a foundation for the construction of goal-driven behaviours in robotics and artificial agents in general. Here, we review the state-of-the-art theory and implementations of active inference for state-estimation, control, planning and learning; describing current achievements with a particular focus on robotics. We showcase relevant experiments that illustrate its potential in terms of adaptation, generalization and robustness. Furthermore, we connect this approach with other frameworks and discuss its expected benefits and challenges: a unified framework with functional biological plausibility using variational Bayesian inference.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NeRF-SR: High-Quality Neural Radiance Fields using Super-Sampling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01759">arxiv:2112.01759</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Chen Wang, Xian Wu, Yuan-Chen Guo, Song-Hai Zhang, Yu-Wing Tai, Shi-Min Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present NeRF-SR, a solution for high-resolution (HR) novel view synthesis with mostly low-resolution (LR) inputs. Our method is built upon Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) that predicts per-point density and color with a multi-layer perceptron. While producing images at arbitrary scales, NeRF struggles with resolutions that go beyond observed images. Our key insight is that NeRF has a local prior, which means predictions of a 3D point can be propagated in the nearby region and remain accurate. We first exploit it by a super-sampling strategy that shoots multiple rays at each image pixel, which enforces multi-view constraint at a sub-pixel level. Then, we show that NeRF-SR can further boost the performance of super-sampling by a refinement network that leverages the estimated depth at hand to hallucinate details from related patches on an HR reference image. Experiment results demonstrate that NeRF-SR generates high-quality results for novel view synthesis at HR on both synthetic and real-world datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting Axillary Lymph Node Metastasis in Early Breast Cancer Using Deep Learning on Primary Tumor Biopsy Slides</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02222">arxiv:2112.02222</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Feng Xu, Chuang Zhu, Wenqi Tang, Ying Wang, Yu Zhang, Jie Li, Hongchuan Jiang, Zhongyue Shi, Jun Liu, Mulan Jin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Objectives: To develop and validate a deep learning (DL)-based primary tumor biopsy signature for predicting axillary lymph node (ALN) metastasis preoperatively in early breast cancer (EBC) patients with clinically negative ALN.
  Methods: A total of 1,058 EBC patients with pathologically confirmed ALN status were enrolled from May 2010 to August 2020. A DL core-needle biopsy (DL-CNB) model was built on the attention-based multiple instance-learning (AMIL) framework to predict ALN status utilizing the DL features, which were extracted from the cancer areas of digitized whole-slide images (WSIs) of breast CNB specimens annotated by two pathologists. Accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves, and areas under the ROC curve (AUCs) were analyzed to evaluate our model.
  Results: The best-performing DL-CNB model with VGG16_BN as the feature extractor achieved an AUC of 0.816 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.758, 0.865) in predicting positive ALN metastasis in the independent test cohort. Furthermore, our model incorporating the clinical data, which was called DL-CNB+C, yielded the best accuracy of 0.831 (95%CI: 0.775, 0.878), especially for patients younger than 50 years (AUC: 0.918, 95%CI: 0.825, 0.971). The interpretation of DL-CNB model showed that the top signatures most predictive of ALN metastasis were characterized by the nucleus features including density ($p$ = 0.015), circumference ($p$ = 0.009), circularity ($p$ = 0.010), and orientation ($p$ = 0.012).
  Conclusion: Our study provides a novel DL-based biomarker on primary tumor CNB slides to predict the metastatic status of ALN preoperatively for patients with EBC. The codes and dataset are available at https://github.com/bupt-ai-cz/BALNMP

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph Neural Networks for Charged Particle Tracking on FPGAs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02048">arxiv:2112.02048</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Abdelrahman Elabd, Vesal Razavimaleki, Shi-Yu Huang, Javier Duarte, Markus Atkinson, Gage DeZoort, Peter Elmer, Jin-Xuan Hu, Shih-Chieh Hsu, Bo-Cheng Lai, Mark Neubauer, Isobel Ojalvo, Savannah Thais</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The determination of charged particle trajectories in collisions at the CERN Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is an important but challenging problem, especially in the high interaction density conditions expected during the future high-luminosity phase of the LHC (HL-LHC). Graph neural networks (GNNs) are a type of geometric deep learning algorithm that has successfully been applied to this task by embedding tracker data as a graph -- nodes represent hits, while edges represent possible track segments -- and classifying the edges as true or fake track segments. However, their study in hardware- or software-based trigger applications has been limited due to their large computational cost. In this paper, we introduce an automated translation workflow, integrated into a broader tool called $\texttt{hls4ml}$, for converting GNNs into firmware for field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). We use this translation tool to implement GNNs for charged particle tracking, trained using the TrackML challenge dataset, on FPGAs with designs targeting different graph sizes, task complexites, and latency/throughput requirements. This work could enable the inclusion of charged particle tracking GNNs at the trigger level for HL-LHC experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multilingual training for Software Engineering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02043">arxiv:2112.02043</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Toufique Ahmed, Premkumar Devanbu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Well-trained machine-learning models, which leverage large amounts of open-source software data, have now become an interesting approach to automating many software engineering tasks. Several SE tasks have all been subject to this approach, with performance gradually improving over the past several years with better models and training methods. More, and more diverse, clean, labeled data is better for training; but constructing good-quality datasets is time-consuming and challenging. Ways of augmenting the volume and diversity of clean, labeled data generally have wide applicability. For some languages (e.g., Ruby) labeled data is less abundant; in others (e.g., JavaScript) the available data maybe more focused on some application domains, and thus less diverse. As a way around such data bottlenecks, we present evidence suggesting that human-written code in different languages (which performs the same function), is rather similar, and particularly preserving of identifier naming patterns; we further present evidence suggesting that identifiers are a very important element of training data for software engineering tasks. We leverage this rather fortuitous phenomenon to find evidence that available multilingual training data (across different languages) can be used to amplify performance. We study this for 3 different tasks: code summarization, code retrieval, and function naming. We note that this data-augmenting approach is broadly compatible with different tasks, languages, and machine-learning models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mind Your Clever Neighbours: Unsupervised Person Re-identification via Adaptive Clustering Relationship Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01839">arxiv:2112.01839</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Lianjie Jia, Chenyang Yu, Xiehao Ye, Tianyu Yan, Yinjie Lei, Pingping Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised person re-identification (Re-ID) attracts increasing attention due to its potential to resolve the scalability problem of supervised Re-ID models. Most existing unsupervised methods adopt an iterative clustering mechanism, where the network was trained based on pseudo labels generated by unsupervised clustering. However, clustering errors are inevitable. To generate high-quality pseudo-labels and mitigate the impact of clustering errors, we propose a novel clustering relationship modeling framework for unsupervised person Re-ID. Specifically, before clustering, the relation between unlabeled images is explored based on a graph correlation learning (GCL) module and the refined features are then used for clustering to generate high-quality pseudo-labels.Thus, GCL adaptively mines the relationship between samples in a mini-batch to reduce the impact of abnormal clustering when training. To train the network more effectively, we further propose a selective contrastive learning (SCL) method with a selective memory bank update policy. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method shows much better results than most state-of-the-art unsupervised methods on Market1501, DukeMTMC-reID and MSMT17 datasets. We will release the code for model reproduction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SSDL: Self-Supervised Dictionary Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01790">arxiv:2112.01790</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Shuai Shao, Lei Xing, Wei Yu, Rui Xu, Yanjiang Wang, Baodi Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The label-embedded dictionary learning (DL) algorithms generate influential dictionaries by introducing discriminative information. However, there exists a limitation: All the label-embedded DL methods rely on the labels due that this way merely achieves ideal performances in supervised learning. While in semi-supervised and unsupervised learning, it is no longer sufficient to be effective. Inspired by the concept of self-supervised learning (e.g., setting the pretext task to generate a universal model for the downstream task), we propose a Self-Supervised Dictionary Learning (SSDL) framework to address this challenge. Specifically, we first design a $p$-Laplacian Attention Hypergraph Learning (pAHL) block as the pretext task to generate pseudo soft labels for DL. Then, we adopt the pseudo labels to train a dictionary from a primary label-embedded DL method. We evaluate our SSDL on two human activity recognition datasets. The comparison results with other state-of-the-art methods have demonstrated the efficiency of SSDL.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prescriptive Process Monitoring: Quo Vadis?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01769">arxiv:2112.01769</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Kateryna Kubrak, Fredrik Milani, Alexander Nolte, Marlon Dumas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prescriptive process monitoring methods seek to optimize a business process by recommending interventions at runtime to prevent negative outcomes or poorly performing cases. In recent years, various prescriptive process monitoring methods have been proposed. This paper studies existing methods in this field via a Systematic Literature Review (SLR). In order to structure the field, the paper proposes a framework for characterizing prescriptive process monitoring methods according to their performance objective, performance metrics, intervention types, modeling techniques, data inputs, and intervention policies. The SLR provides insights into challenges and areas for future research that could enhance the usefulness and applicability of prescriptive process monitoring methods. The paper highlights the need to validate existing and new methods in real-world settings, to extend the types of interventions beyond those related to the temporal and cost perspectives, and to design policies that take into account causality and second-order effects.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Supervised Material and Texture Representation Learning for Remote Sensing Tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01715">arxiv:2112.01715</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Peri Akiva, Matthew Purri, Matthew Leotta</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-supervised learning aims to learn image feature representations without the usage of manually annotated labels. It is often used as a precursor step to obtain useful initial network weights which contribute to faster convergence and superior performance of downstream tasks. While self-supervision allows one to reduce the domain gap between supervised and unsupervised learning without the usage of labels, the self-supervised objective still requires a strong inductive bias to downstream tasks for effective transfer learning. In this work, we present our material and texture based self-supervision method named MATTER (MATerial and TExture Representation Learning), which is inspired by classical material and texture methods. Material and texture can effectively describe any surface, including its tactile properties, color, and specularity. By extension, effective representation of material and texture can describe other semantic classes strongly associated with said material and texture. MATTER leverages multi-temporal, spatially aligned remote sensing imagery over unchanged regions to learn invariance to illumination and viewing angle as a mechanism to achieve consistency of material and texture representation. We show that our self-supervision pre-training method allows for up to 24.22% and 6.33% performance increase in unsupervised and fine-tuned setups, and up to 76% faster convergence on change detection, land cover classification, and semantic segmentation tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Behind the Curtain: Learning Occluded Shapes for 3D Object Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02205">arxiv:2112.02205</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Qiangeng Xu, Yiqi Zhong, Ulrich Neumann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Advances in LiDAR sensors provide rich 3D data that supports 3D scene understanding. However, due to occlusion and signal miss, LiDAR point clouds are in practice 2.5D as they cover only partial underlying shapes, which poses a fundamental challenge to 3D perception. To tackle the challenge, we present a novel LiDAR-based 3D object detection model, dubbed Behind the Curtain Detector (BtcDet), which learns the object shape priors and estimates the complete object shapes that are partially occluded (curtained) in point clouds. BtcDet first identifies the regions that are affected by occlusion and signal miss. In these regions, our model predicts the probability of occupancy that indicates if a region contains object shapes. Integrated with this probability map, BtcDet can generate high-quality 3D proposals. Finally, the probability of occupancy is also integrated into a proposal refinement module to generate the final bounding boxes. Extensive experiments on the KITTI Dataset and the Waymo Open Dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of BtcDet. Particularly, for the 3D detection of both cars and cyclists on the KITTI benchmark, BtcDet surpasses all of the published state-of-the-art methods by remarkable margins. Code is released (https://github.com/Xharlie/BtcDet}{https://github.com/Xharlie/BtcDet).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ProbNum: Probabilistic Numerics in Python</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02100">arxiv:2112.02100</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Jonathan Wenger, Nicholas Krämer, Marvin Pförtner, Jonathan Schmidt, Nathanael Bosch, Nina Effenberger, Johannes Zenn, Alexandra Gessner, Toni Karvonen, François-Xavier Briol, Maren Mahsereci, Philipp Hennig</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Probabilistic numerical methods (PNMs) solve numerical problems via probabilistic inference. They have been developed for linear algebra, optimization, integration and differential equation simulation. PNMs naturally incorporate prior information about a problem and quantify uncertainty due to finite computational resources as well as stochastic input. In this paper, we present ProbNum: a Python library providing state-of-the-art probabilistic numerical solvers. ProbNum enables custom composition of PNMs for specific problem classes via a modular design as well as wrappers for off-the-shelf use. Tutorials, documentation, developer guides and benchmarks are available online at www.probnum.org.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data-Free Neural Architecture Search via Recursive Label Calibration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02086">arxiv:2112.02086</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Zechun Liu, Zhiqiang Shen, Yun Long, Eric Xing, Kwang-Ting Cheng, Chas Leichner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper aims to explore the feasibility of neural architecture search (NAS) given only a pre-trained model without using any original training data. This is an important circumstance for privacy protection, bias avoidance, etc., in real-world scenarios. To achieve this, we start by synthesizing usable data through recovering the knowledge from a pre-trained deep neural network. Then we use the synthesized data and their predicted soft-labels to guide neural architecture search. We identify that the NAS task requires the synthesized data (we target at image domain here) with enough semantics, diversity, and a minimal domain gap from the natural images. For semantics, we propose recursive label calibration to produce more informative outputs. For diversity, we propose a regional update strategy to generate more diverse and semantically-enriched synthetic data. For minimal domain gap, we use input and feature-level regularization to mimic the original data distribution in latent space. We instantiate our proposed framework with three popular NAS algorithms: DARTS, ProxylessNAS and SPOS. Surprisingly, our results demonstrate that the architectures discovered by searching with our synthetic data achieve accuracy that is comparable to, or even higher than, architectures discovered by searching from the original ones, for the first time, deriving the conclusion that NAS can be done effectively with no need of access to the original or called natural data if the synthesis method is well designed. Our code will be publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Shapes of Emotions: Multimodal Emotion Recognition in Conversations via Emotion Shifts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01938">arxiv:2112.01938</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Harsh Agarwal, Keshav Bansal, Abhinav Joshi, Ashutosh Modi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Emotion Recognition in Conversations (ERC) is an important and active research problem. Recent work has shown the benefits of using multiple modalities (e.g., text, audio, and video) for the ERC task. In a conversation, participants tend to maintain a particular emotional state unless some external stimuli evokes a change. There is a continuous ebb and flow of emotions in a conversation. Inspired by this observation, we propose a multimodal ERC model and augment it with an emotion-shift component. The proposed emotion-shift component is modular and can be added to any existing multimodal ERC model (with a few modifications), to improve emotion recognition. We experiment with different variants of the model, and results show that the inclusion of emotion shift signal helps the model to outperform existing multimodal models for ERC and hence showing the state-of-the-art performance on MOSEI and IEMOCAP datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MetaQA: Combining Expert Agents for Multi-Skill Question Answering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01922">arxiv:2112.01922</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Haritz Puerto, Gözde Gül Şahin, Iryna Gurevych</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The recent explosion of question answering (QA) datasets and models has increased the interest in the generalization of models across multiple domains and formats by either training on multiple datasets or by combining multiple models. Despite the promising results of multi-dataset models, some domains or QA formats may require specific architectures, and thus the adaptability of these models might be limited. In addition, current approaches for combining models disregard cues such as question-answer compatibility. In this work, we propose to combine expert agents with a novel, flexible, and training-efficient architecture that considers questions, answer predictions, and answer-prediction confidence scores to select the best answer among a list of answer candidates. Through quantitative and qualitative experiments we show that our model i) creates a collaboration between agents that outperforms previous multi-agent and multi-dataset approaches in both in-domain and out-of-domain scenarios, ii) is highly data-efficient to train, and iii) can be adapted to any QA format. We release our code and a dataset of answer predictions from expert agents for 16 QA datasets to foster future developments of multi-agent systems on https://github.com/UKPLab/MetaQA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semantic Segmentation of Legal Documents via Rhetorical Roles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01836">arxiv:2112.01836</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Vijit Malik, Rishabh Sanjay, Shouvik Kumar Guha, Shubham Kumar Nigam, Angshuman Hazarika, Arnab Bhattacharya, Ashutosh Modi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Legal documents are unstructured, use legal jargon, and have considerable length, making it difficult to process automatically via conventional text processing techniques. A legal document processing system would benefit substantially if the documents could be semantically segmented into coherent units of information. This paper proposes a Rhetorical Roles (RR) system for segmenting a legal document into semantically coherent units: facts, arguments, statute, issue, precedent, ruling, and ratio. With the help of legal experts, we propose a set of 13 fine-grained rhetorical role labels and create a new corpus of legal documents annotated with the proposed RR. We develop a system for segmenting a document into rhetorical role units. In particular, we develop a multitask learning-based deep learning model with document rhetorical role label shift as an auxiliary task for segmenting a legal document. We experiment extensively with various deep learning models for predicting rhetorical roles in a document, and the proposed model shows superior performance over the existing models. Further, we apply RR for predicting the judgment of legal cases and show that the use of RR enhances the prediction compared to the transformer-based models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Systematic IoU-Related Method: Beyond Simplified Regression for Better Localization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01793">arxiv:2112.01793</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Hanyang Peng, Shiqi Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Four-variable-independent-regression localization losses, such as Smooth-$\ell_1$ Loss, are used by default in modern detectors. Nevertheless, this kind of loss is oversimplified so that it is inconsistent with the final evaluation metric, intersection over union (IoU). Directly employing the standard IoU is also not infeasible, since the constant-zero plateau in the case of non-overlapping boxes and the non-zero gradient at the minimum may make it not trainable. Accordingly, we propose a systematic method to address these problems. Firstly, we propose a new metric, the extended IoU (EIoU), which is well-defined when two boxes are not overlapping and reduced to the standard IoU when overlapping. Secondly, we present the convexification technique (CT) to construct a loss on the basis of EIoU, which can guarantee the gradient at the minimum to be zero. Thirdly, we propose a steady optimization technique (SOT) to make the fractional EIoU loss approaching the minimum more steadily and smoothly. Fourthly, to fully exploit the capability of the EIoU based loss, we introduce an interrelated IoU-predicting head to further boost localization accuracy. With the proposed contributions, the new method incorporated into Faster R-CNN with ResNet50+FPN as the backbone yields \textbf{4.2 mAP} gain on VOC2007 and \textbf{2.3 mAP} gain on COCO2017 over the baseline Smooth-$\ell_1$ Loss, at almost \textbf{no training and inferencing computational cost}. Specifically, the stricter the metric is, the more notable the gain is, improving \textbf{8.2 mAP} on VOC2007 and \textbf{5.4 mAP} on COCO2017 at metric $AP_{90}$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Search in Local Branching</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02195">arxiv:2112.02195</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Defeng Liu, Matteo Fischetti, Andrea Lodi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Finding high-quality solutions to mixed-integer linear programming problems (MILPs) is of great importance for many practical applications. In this respect, the refinement heuristic local branching (LB) has been proposed to produce improving solutions and has been highly influential for the development of local search methods in MILP. The algorithm iteratively explores a sequence of solution neighborhoods defined by the so-called local branching constraint, namely, a linear inequality limiting the distance from a reference solution. For a LB algorithm, the choice of the neighborhood size is critical to performance. Although it was initialized by a conservative value in the original LB scheme, our new observation is that the best size is strongly dependent on the particular MILP instance. In this work, we investigate the relation between the size of the search neighborhood and the behavior of the underlying LB algorithm, and we devise a leaning based framework for guiding the neighborhood search of the LB heuristic. The framework consists of a two-phase strategy. For the first phase, a scaled regression model is trained to predict the size of the LB neighborhood at the first iteration through a regression task. In the second phase, we leverage reinforcement learning and devise a reinforced neighborhood search strategy to dynamically adapt the size at the subsequent iterations. We computationally show that the neighborhood size can indeed be learned, leading to improved performances and that the overall algorithm generalizes well both with respect to the instance size and, remarkably, across instances.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hierarchical Optimal Transport for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02073">arxiv:2112.02073</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mourad El Hamri, Younès Bennani, Issam Falih, Hamid Ahaggach</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a novel approach for unsupervised domain adaptation, that relates notions of optimal transport, learning probability measures and unsupervised learning. The proposed approach, HOT-DA, is based on a hierarchical formulation of optimal transport, that leverages beyond the geometrical information captured by the ground metric, richer structural information in the source and target domains. The additional information in the labeled source domain is formed instinctively by grouping samples into structures according to their class labels. While exploring hidden structures in the unlabeled target domain is reduced to the problem of learning probability measures through Wasserstein barycenter, which we prove to be equivalent to spectral clustering. Experiments on a toy dataset with controllable complexity and two challenging visual adaptation datasets show the superiority of the proposed approach over the state-of-the-art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Could AI Democratise Education? Socio-Technical Imaginaries of an EdTech Revolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02034">arxiv:2112.02034</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Sahan Bulathwela, María Pérez-Ortiz, Catherine Holloway, John Shawe-Taylor</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Education has been said to have the potential for building more personalised curricula, as well as democratising education worldwide and creating a Renaissance of new ways of teaching and learning. Millions of students are already starting to benefit from the use of these technologies, but millions more around the world are not. If this trend continues, the first delivery of AI in Education could be greater educational inequality, along with a global misallocation of educational resources motivated by the current technological determinism narrative. In this paper, we focus on speculating and posing questions around the future of AI in Education, with the aim of starting the pressing conversation that would set the right foundations for the new generation of education that is permeated by technology. This paper starts by synthesising how AI might change how we learn and teach, focusing specifically on the case of personalised learning companions, and then move to discuss some socio-technical features that will be crucial for avoiding the perils of these AI systems worldwide (and perhaps ensuring their success). This paper also discusses the potential of using AI together with free, participatory and democratic resources, such as Wikipedia, Open Educational Resources and open-source tools. We also emphasise the need for collectively designing human-centered, transparent, interactive and collaborative AI-based algorithms that empower and give complete agency to stakeholders, as well as support new emerging pedagogies. Finally, we ask what would it take for this educational revolution to provide egalitarian and empowering access to education, beyond any political, cultural, language, geographical and learning ability barriers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Divergent representations of ethological visual inputs emerge from supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02027">arxiv:2112.02027</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Grace W. Lindsay, Josh Merel, Tom Mrsic-Flogel, Maneesh Sahani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial neural systems trained using reinforcement, supervised, and unsupervised learning all acquire internal representations of high dimensional input. To what extent these representations depend on the different learning objectives is largely unknown. Here we compare the representations learned by eight different convolutional neural networks, each with identical ResNet architectures and trained on the same family of egocentric images, but embedded within different learning systems. Specifically, the representations are trained to guide action in a compound reinforcement learning task; to predict one or a combination of three task-related targets with supervision; or using one of three different unsupervised objectives. Using representational similarity analysis, we find that the network trained with reinforcement learning differs most from the other networks. Through further analysis using metrics inspired by the neuroscience literature, we find that the model trained with reinforcement learning has a sparse and high-dimensional representation wherein individual images are represented with very different patterns of neural activity. Further analysis suggests these representations may arise in order to guide long-term behavior and goal-seeking in the RL agent. Our results provide insights into how the properties of neural representations are influenced by objective functions and can inform transfer learning approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Structured Dictionary Perspective on Implicit Neural Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01917">arxiv:2112.01917</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Gizem Yüce, Guillermo Ortiz-Jiménez, Beril Besbinar, Pascal Frossard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Propelled by new designs that permit to circumvent the spectral bias, implicit neural representations (INRs) have recently emerged as a promising alternative to classical discretized representations of signals. Nevertheless, despite their practical success, we still lack a proper theoretical characterization of how INRs represent signals. In this work, we aim to fill this gap, and we propose a novel unified perspective to theoretically analyse INRs. Leveraging results from harmonic analysis and deep learning theory, we show that most INR families are analogous to structured signal dictionaries whose atoms are integer harmonics of the set of initial mapping frequencies. This structure allows INRs to express signals with an exponentially increasing frequency support using a number of parameters that only grows linearly with depth. Afterwards, we explore the inductive bias of INRs exploiting recent results about the empirical neural tangent kernel (NTK). Specifically, we show that the eigenfunctions of the NTK can be seen as dictionary atoms whose inner product with the target signal determines the final performance of their reconstruction. In this regard, we reveal that meta-learning the initialization has a reshaping effect of the NTK analogous to dictionary learning, building dictionary atoms as a combination of the examples seen during meta-training. Our results permit to design and tune novel INR architectures, but can also be of interest for the wider deep learning theory community.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Super-Resolution CEST MRI for Visualization of Small Structures</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01905">arxiv:2112.01905</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lukas Folle, Katharian Tkotz, Fasil Gadjimuradov, Lorenz Kapsner, Moritz Fabian, Sebastian Bickelhaupt, David Simon, Arnd Kleyer, Gerhard Krönke, Moritz Zaiß, Armin Nagel, Andreas Maier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The onset of rheumatic diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis is typically subclinical, which results in challenging early detection of the disease. However, characteristic changes in the anatomy can be detected using imaging techniques such as MRI or CT. Modern imaging techniques such as chemical exchange saturation transfer (CEST) MRI drive the hope to improve early detection even further through the imaging of metabolites in the body. To image small structures in the joints of patients, typically one of the first regions where changes due to the disease occur, a high resolution for the CEST MR imaging is necessary. Currently, however, CEST MR suffers from an inherently low resolution due to the underlying physical constraints of the acquisition. In this work we compared established up-sampling techniques to neural network-based super-resolution approaches. We could show, that neural networks are able to learn the mapping from low-resolution to high-resolution unsaturated CEST images considerably better than present methods. On the test set a PSNR of 32.29dB (+10%), a NRMSE of 0.14 (+28%), and a SSIM of 0.85 (+15%) could be achieved using a ResNet neural network, improving the baseline considerably. This work paves the way for the prospective investigation of neural networks for super-resolution CEST MRI and, followingly, might lead to a earlier detection of the onset of rheumatic diseases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Catalan Language CLUB</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01894">arxiv:2112.01894</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Carlos Rodriguez-Penagos, Carme Armentano-Oller, Marta Villegas, Maite Melero, Aitor Gonzalez, Ona de Gibert Bonet, Casimiro Carrino Pio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Catalan Language Understanding Benchmark (CLUB) encompasses various datasets representative of different NLU tasks that enable accurate evaluations of language models, following the General Language Understanding Evaluation (GLUE) example. It is part of AINA and PlanTL, two public funding initiatives to empower the Catalan language in the Artificial Intelligence era.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Image-to-image Translation as a Unique Source of Knowledge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01873">arxiv:2112.01873</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Alejandro D. Mousist</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image-to-image (I2I) translation is an established way of translating data from one domain to another but the usability of the translated images in the target domain when working with such dissimilar domains as the SAR/optical satellite imagery ones and how much of the origin domain is translated to the target domain is still not clear enough. This article address this by performing translations of labelled datasets from the optical domain to the SAR domain with different I2I algorithms from the state-of-the-art, learning from transferred features in the destination domain and evaluating later how much from the original dataset was transferred. Added to this, stacking is proposed as a way of combining the knowledge learned from the different I2I translations and evaluated against single models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Survey: Deep Learning for Hyperspectral Image Classification with Few Labeled Samples</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01800">arxiv:2112.01800</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Sen Jia, Shuguo Jiang, Zhijie Lin, Nanying Li, Meng Xu, Shiqi Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the rapid development of deep learning technology and improvement in computing capability, deep learning has been widely used in the field of hyperspectral image (HSI) classification. In general, deep learning models often contain many trainable parameters and require a massive number of labeled samples to achieve optimal performance. However, in regard to HSI classification, a large number of labeled samples is generally difficult to acquire due to the difficulty and time-consuming nature of manual labeling. Therefore, many research works focus on building a deep learning model for HSI classification with few labeled samples. In this article, we concentrate on this topic and provide a systematic review of the relevant literature. Specifically, the contributions of this paper are twofold. First, the research progress of related methods is categorized according to the learning paradigm, including transfer learning, active learning and few-shot learning. Second, a number of experiments with various state-of-the-art approaches has been carried out, and the results are summarized to reveal the potential research directions. More importantly, it is notable that although there is a vast gap between deep learning models (that usually need sufficient labeled samples) and the HSI scenario with few labeled samples, the issues of small-sample sets can be well characterized by fusion of deep learning methods and related techniques, such as transfer learning and a lightweight model. For reproducibility, the source codes of the methods assessed in the paper can be found at https://github.com/ShuGuoJ/HSI-Classification.git.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detect Faces Efficiently: A Survey and Evaluations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01787">arxiv:2112.01787</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yuantao Feng, Shiqi Yu, Hanyang Peng, Yan-Ran Li, Jianguo Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Face detection is to search all the possible regions for faces in images and locate the faces if there are any. Many applications including face recognition, facial expression recognition, face tracking and head-pose estimation assume that both the location and the size of faces are known in the image. In recent decades, researchers have created many typical and efficient face detectors from the Viola-Jones face detector to current CNN-based ones. However, with the tremendous increase in images and videos with variations in face scale, appearance, expression, occlusion and pose, traditional face detectors are challenged to detect various "in the wild" faces. The emergence of deep learning techniques brought remarkable breakthroughs to face detection along with the price of a considerable increase in computation. This paper introduces representative deep learning-based methods and presents a deep and thorough analysis in terms of accuracy and efficiency. We further compare and discuss the popular and challenging datasets and their evaluation metrics. A comprehensive comparison of several successful deep learning-based face detectors is conducted to uncover their efficiency using two metrics: FLOPs and latency. The paper can guide to choose appropriate face detectors for different applications and also to develop more efficient and accurate detectors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Calibration of Multi-Agent Market Simulators from Time Series with Bayesian Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.03874">arxiv:2112.03874</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yuanlu Bai, Henry Lam, Svitlana Vyetrenko, Tucker Balch</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-agent market simulation is commonly used to create an environment for downstream machine learning or reinforcement learning tasks, such as training or testing trading strategies before deploying them to real-time trading. In electronic trading markets only the price or volume time series, that result from interaction of multiple market participants, are typically directly observable. Therefore, multi-agent market environments need to be calibrated so that the time series that result from interaction of simulated agents resemble historical -- which amounts to solving a highly complex large-scale optimization problem. In this paper, we propose a simple and efficient framework for calibrating multi-agent market simulator parameters from historical time series observations. First, we consider a novel concept of eligibility set to bypass the potential non-identifiability issue. Second, we generalize the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov (K-S) test with Bonferroni correction to test the similarity between two high-dimensional time series distributions, which gives a simple yet effective distance metric between the time series sample sets. Third, we suggest using Bayesian optimization (BO) and trust-region BO (TuRBO) to minimize the aforementioned distance metric. Finally, we demonstrate the efficiency of our framework using numerical experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Face Reconstruction with Variational Autoencoder and Face Masks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02139">arxiv:2112.02139</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Rafael S. Toledo, Eric A. Antonelo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Variational AutoEncoders (VAE) employ deep learning models to learn a continuous latent z-space that is subjacent to a high-dimensional observed dataset. With that, many tasks are made possible, including face reconstruction and face synthesis. In this work, we investigated how face masks can help the training of VAEs for face reconstruction, by restricting the learning to the pixels selected by the face mask. An evaluation of the proposal using the celebA dataset shows that the reconstructed images are enhanced with the face masks, especially when SSIM loss is used either with l1 or l2 loss functions. We noticed that the inclusion of a decoder for face mask prediction in the architecture affected the performance for l1 or l2 loss functions, while this was not the case for the SSIM loss. Besides, SSIM perceptual loss yielded the crispest samples between all hypotheses tested, although it shifts the original color of the image, making the usage of the l1 or l2 losses together with SSIM helpful to solve this issue.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ROCA: Robust CAD Model Retrieval and Alignment from a Single Image</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01988">arxiv:2112.01988</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Can Gümeli, Angela Dai, Matthias Nießner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present ROCA, a novel end-to-end approach that retrieves and aligns 3D CAD models from a shape database to a single input image. This enables 3D perception of an observed scene from a 2D RGB observation, characterized as a lightweight, compact, clean CAD representation. Core to our approach is our differentiable alignment optimization based on dense 2D-3D object correspondences and Procrustes alignment. ROCA can thus provide a robust CAD alignment while simultaneously informing CAD retrieval by leveraging the 2D-3D correspondences to learn geometrically similar CAD models. Experiments on challenging, real-world imagery from ScanNet show that ROCA significantly improves on state of the art, from 9.5% to 17.6% in retrieval-aware CAD alignment accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Boosting Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Soft Pseudo-label and Curriculum Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01948">arxiv:2112.01948</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shengjia Zhang, Tiancheng Lin, Yi Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** By leveraging data from a fully labeled source domain, unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) improves classification performance on an unlabeled target domain through explicit discrepancy minimization of data distribution or adversarial learning. As an enhancement, category alignment is involved during adaptation to reinforce target feature discrimination by utilizing model prediction. However, there remain unexplored problems about pseudo-label inaccuracy incurred by wrong category predictions on target domain, and distribution deviation caused by overfitting on source domain. In this paper, we propose a model-agnostic two-stage learning framework, which greatly reduces flawed model predictions using soft pseudo-label strategy and avoids overfitting on source domain with a curriculum learning strategy. Theoretically, it successfully decreases the combined risk in the upper bound of expected error on the target domain. At the first stage, we train a model with distribution alignment-based UDA method to obtain soft semantic label on target domain with rather high confidence. To avoid overfitting on source domain, at the second stage, we propose a curriculum learning strategy to adaptively control the weighting between losses from the two domains so that the focus of the training stage is gradually shifted from source distribution to target distribution with prediction confidence boosted on the target domain. Extensive experiments on two well-known benchmark datasets validate the universal effectiveness of our proposed framework on promoting the performance of the top-ranked UDA algorithms and demonstrate its consistent superior performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Music-to-Dance Generation with Optimal Transport</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01806">arxiv:2112.01806</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shuang Wu, Shijian Lu, Li Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Dance choreography for a piece of music is a challenging task, having to be creative in presenting distinctive stylistic dance elements while taking into account the musical theme and rhythm. It has been tackled by different approaches such as similarity retrieval, sequence-to-sequence modeling and generative adversarial networks, but their generated dance sequences are often short of motion realism, diversity and music consistency. In this paper, we propose a Music-to-Dance with Optimal Transport Network (MDOT-Net) for learning to generate 3D dance choreographs from music. We introduce an optimal transport distance for evaluating the authenticity of the generated dance distribution and a Gromov-Wasserstein distance to measure the correspondence between the dance distribution and the input music. This gives a well defined and non-divergent training objective that mitigates the limitation of standard GAN training which is frequently plagued with instability and divergent generator loss issues. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our MDOT-Net can synthesize realistic and diverse dances which achieve an organic unity with the input music, reflecting the shared intentionality and matching the rhythmic articulation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detection of Large Vessel Occlusions using Deep Learning by Deforming Vessel Tree Segmentations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01797">arxiv:2112.01797</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Florian Thamm, Oliver Taubmann, Markus Jürgens, Hendrik Ditt, Andreas Maier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computed Tomography Angiography is a key modality providing insights into the cerebrovascular vessel tree that are crucial for the diagnosis and treatment of ischemic strokes, in particular in cases of large vessel occlusions (LVO). Thus, the clinical workflow greatly benefits from an automated detection of patients suffering from LVOs. This work uses convolutional neural networks for case-level classification trained with elastic deformation of the vessel tree segmentation masks to artificially augment training data. Using only masks as the input to our model uniquely allows us to apply such deformations much more aggressively than one could with conventional image volumes while retaining sample realism. The neural network classifies the presence of an LVO and the affected hemisphere. In a 5-fold cross validated ablation study, we demonstrate that the use of the suggested augmentation enables us to train robust models even from few data sets. Training the EfficientNetB1 architecture on 100 data sets, the proposed augmentation scheme was able to raise the ROC AUC to 0.85 from a baseline value of 0.56 using no augmentation. The best performance was achieved using a 3D-DenseNet yielding an AUC of 0.87. The augmentation had positive impact in classification of the affected hemisphere as well, where the 3D-DenseNet reached an AUC of 0.93 on both sides.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MT-TransUNet: Mediating Multi-Task Tokens in Transformers for Skin Lesion Segmentation and Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01767">arxiv:2112.01767</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jingye Chen, Jieneng Chen, Zongwei Zhou, Bin Li, Alan Yuille, Yongyi Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances in automated skin cancer diagnosis have yielded performance on par with board-certified dermatologists. However, these approaches formulated skin cancer diagnosis as a simple classification task, dismissing the potential benefit from lesion segmentation. We argue that an accurate lesion segmentation can supplement the classification task with additive lesion information, such as asymmetry, border, intensity, and physical size; in turn, a faithful lesion classification can support the segmentation task with discriminant lesion features. To this end, this paper proposes a new multi-task framework, named MT-TransUNet, which is capable of segmenting and classifying skin lesions collaboratively by mediating multi-task tokens in Transformers. Furthermore, we have introduced dual-task and attended region consistency losses to take advantage of those images without pixel-level annotation, ensuring the model's robustness when it encounters the same image with an account of augmentation. Our MT-TransUNet exceeds the previous state of the art for lesion segmentation and classification tasks in ISIC-2017 and PH2; more importantly, it preserves compelling computational efficiency regarding model parameters (48M~vs.~130M) and inference speed (0.17s~vs.~2.02s per image). Code will be available at https://github.com/JingyeChen/MT-TransUNet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Probing Linguistic Information For Logical Inference In Pre-trained Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01753">arxiv:2112.01753</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zeming Chen, Qiyue Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Progress in pre-trained language models has led to a surge of impressive results on downstream tasks for natural language understanding. Recent work on probing pre-trained language models uncovered a wide range of linguistic properties encoded in their contextualized representations. However, it is unclear whether they encode semantic knowledge that is crucial to symbolic inference methods. We propose a methodology for probing linguistic information for logical inference in pre-trained language model representations. Our probing datasets cover a list of linguistic phenomena required by major symbolic inference systems. We find that (i) pre-trained language models do encode several types of linguistic information for inference, but there are also some types of information that are weakly encoded, (ii) language models can effectively learn missing linguistic information through fine-tuning. Overall, our findings provide insights into which aspects of linguistic information for logical inference do language models and their pre-training procedures capture. Moreover, we have demonstrated language models' potential as semantic and background knowledge bases for supporting symbolic inference methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Frame Averaging for Equivariant Shape Space Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01741">arxiv:2112.01741</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Matan Atzmon, Koki Nagano, Sanja Fidler, Sameh Khamis, Yaron Lipman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The task of shape space learning involves mapping a train set of shapes to and from a latent representation space with good generalization properties. Often, real-world collections of shapes have symmetries, which can be defined as transformations that do not change the essence of the shape. A natural way to incorporate symmetries in shape space learning is to ask that the mapping to the shape space (encoder) and mapping from the shape space (decoder) are equivariant to the relevant symmetries.
  In this paper, we present a framework for incorporating equivariance in encoders and decoders by introducing two contributions: (i) adapting the recent Frame Averaging (FA) framework for building generic, efficient, and maximally expressive Equivariant autoencoders; and (ii) constructing autoencoders equivariant to piecewise Euclidean motions applied to different parts of the shape. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first fully piecewise Euclidean equivariant autoencoder construction. Training our framework is simple: it uses standard reconstruction losses and does not require the introduction of new losses. Our architectures are built of standard (backbone) architectures with the appropriate frame averaging to make them equivariant. Testing our framework on both rigid shapes dataset using implicit neural representations, and articulated shape datasets using mesh-based neural networks show state-of-the-art generalization to unseen test shapes, improving relevant baselines by a large margin. In particular, our method demonstrates significant improvement in generalizing to unseen articulated poses.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptive Poincaré Point to Set Distance for Few-Shot Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01719">arxiv:2112.01719</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Rongkai Ma, Pengfei Fang, Tom Drummond, Mehrtash Harandi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning and generalizing from limited examples, i,e, few-shot learning, is of core importance to many real-world vision applications. A principal way of achieving few-shot learning is to realize an embedding where samples from different classes are distinctive. Recent studies suggest that embedding via hyperbolic geometry enjoys low distortion for hierarchical and structured data, making it suitable for few-shot learning. In this paper, we propose to learn a context-aware hyperbolic metric to characterize the distance between a point and a set associated with a learned set to set distance. To this end, we formulate the metric as a weighted sum on the tangent bundle of the hyperbolic space and develop a mechanism to obtain the weights adaptively and based on the constellation of the points. This not only makes the metric local but also dependent on the task in hand, meaning that the metric will adapt depending on the samples that it compares. We empirically show that such metric yields robustness in the presence of outliers and achieves a tangible improvement over baseline models. This includes the state-of-the-art results on five popular few-shot classification benchmarks, namely mini-ImageNet, tiered-ImageNet, Caltech-UCSD Birds-200-2011 (CUB), CIFAR-FS, and FC100.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Structure-Aware Multi-Hop Graph Convolution for Graph Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01714">arxiv:2112.01714</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yang Li, Yuichi Tanaka</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a spatial graph convolution (GC) to classify signals on a graph. Existing GC methods are limited to using the structural information in the feature space. Additionally, the single step of GCs only uses features on the one-hop neighboring nodes from the target node. In this paper, we propose two methods to improve the performance of GCs: 1) Utilizing structural information in the feature space, and 2) exploiting the multi-hop information in one GC step. In the first method, we define three structural features in the feature space: feature angle, feature distance, and relational embedding. The second method aggregates the node-wise features of multi-hop neighbors in a GC. Both methods can be simultaneously used. We also propose graph neural networks (GNNs) integrating the proposed GC for classifying nodes in 3D point clouds and citation networks. In experiments, the proposed GNNs exhibited a higher classification accuracy than existing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayesian Nonparametric View to Spawning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.06640">arxiv:2112.06640</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Bahman Moraffah</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In tracking multiple objects, it is often assumed that each observation (measurement) is originated from one and only one object. However, we may encounter a situation that each measurement may or may not be associated with multiple objects at each time step --spawning. Therefore, the association of each measurement to multiple objects is a crucial task to perform in order to track multiple objects with birth and death. In this paper, we introduce a novel Bayesian nonparametric approach that models a scenario where each observation may be drawn from an unknown number of objects for which it provides a tractable Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) approach to sample from the posterior distribution. The number of objects at each time step, itself, is also assumed to be unknown. We, then, show through experiments the advantage of nonparametric modeling to scenarios with spawning events. Our experiment results also demonstrate the advantages of our framework over the existing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Echocardiography Segmentation with Enforced Temporal Consistency</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02102">arxiv:2112.02102</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nathan Painchaud, Nicolas Duchateau, Olivier Bernard, Pierre-Marc Jodoin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have demonstrated their ability to segment 2D cardiac ultrasound images. However, despite recent successes according to which the intra-observer variability on end-diastole and end-systole images has been reached, CNNs still struggle to leverage temporal information to provide accurate and temporally consistent segmentation maps across the whole cycle. Such consistency is required to accurately describe the cardiac function, a necessary step in diagnosing many cardiovascular diseases. In this paper, we propose a framework to learn the 2D+time long-axis cardiac shape such that the segmented sequences can benefit from temporal and anatomical consistency constraints. Our method is a post-processing that takes as input segmented echocardiographic sequences produced by any state-of-the-art method and processes it in two steps to (i) identify spatio-temporal inconsistencies according to the overall dynamics of the cardiac sequence and (ii) correct the inconsistencies. The identification and correction of cardiac inconsistencies relies on a constrained autoencoder trained to learn a physiologically interpretable embedding of cardiac shapes, where we can both detect and fix anomalies. We tested our framework on 98 full-cycle sequences from the CAMUS dataset, which will be rendered public alongside this paper. Our temporal regularization method not only improves the accuracy of the segmentation across the whole sequences, but also enforces temporal and anatomical consistency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reinforcement learning for options on target volatility funds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01841">arxiv:2112.01841</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Roberto Daluiso, Emanuele Nastasi, Andrea Pallavicini, Stefano Polo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we deal with the funding costs rising from hedging the risky securities underlying a target volatility strategy (TVS), a portfolio of risky assets and a risk-free one dynamically rebalanced in order to keep the realized volatility of the portfolio on a certain level. The uncertainty in the TVS risky portfolio composition along with the difference in hedging costs for each component requires to solve a control problem to evaluate the option prices. We derive an analytical solution of the problem in the Black and Scholes (BS) scenario. Then we use Reinforcement Learning (RL) techniques to determine the fund composition leading to the most conservative price under the local volatility (LV) model, for which an a priori solution is not available. We show how the performances of the RL agents are compatible with those obtained by applying path-wise the BS analytical strategy to the TVS dynamics, which therefore appears competitive also in the LV scenario.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lightweight Attentional Feature Fusion for Video Retrieval by Text</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01832">arxiv:2112.01832</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Fan Hu, Aozhu Chen, Ziyue Wang, Fangming Zhou, Xirong Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we revisit \emph{feature fusion}, an old-fashioned topic, in the new context of video retrieval by text. Different from previous research that considers feature fusion only at one end, let it be video or text, we aim for feature fusion for both ends within a unified framework. We hypothesize that optimizing the convex combination of the features is preferred to modeling their correlations by computationally heavy multi-head self-attention. Accordingly, we propose Lightweight Attentional Feature Fusion (LAFF). LAFF performs feature fusion at both early and late stages and at both video and text ends, making it a powerful method for exploiting diverse (off-the-shelf) features. Extensive experiments on four public datasets, i.e. MSR-VTT, MSVD, TGIF, VATEX, and the large-scale TRECVID AVS benchmark evaluations (2016-2020) show the viability of LAFF. Moreover, LAFF is extremely simple to implement, making it appealing for real-world deployment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Table2Vec: Automated Universal Representation Learning to Encode All-round Data DNA for Benchmarkable and Explainable Enterprise Data Science</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01830">arxiv:2112.01830</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Longbing Cao, Chengzhang Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Enterprise data typically involves multiple heterogeneous data sources and external data that respectively record business activities, transactions, customer demographics, status, behaviors, interactions and communications with the enterprise, and the consumption and feedback of its products, services, production, marketing, operations, and management, etc. A critical challenge in enterprise data science is to enable an effective whole-of-enterprise data understanding and data-driven discovery and decision-making on all-round enterprise DNA. We introduce a neural encoder Table2Vec for automated universal representation learning of entities such as customers from all-round enterprise DNA with automated data characteristics analysis and data quality augmentation. The learned universal representations serve as representative and benchmarkable enterprise data genomes and can be used for enterprise-wide and domain-specific learning tasks. Table2Vec integrates automated universal representation learning on low-quality enterprise data and downstream learning tasks. We illustrate Table2Vec in characterizing all-round customer data DNA in an enterprise on complex heterogeneous multi-relational big tables to build universal customer vector representations. The learned universal representation of each customer is all-round, representative and benchmarkable to support both enterprise-wide and domain-specific learning goals and tasks in enterprise data science. Table2Vec significantly outperforms the existing shallow, boosting and deep learning methods typically used for enterprise analytics. We further discuss the research opportunities, directions and applications of automated universal enterprise representation and learning and the learned enterprise data DNA for automated, all-purpose, whole-of-enterprise and ethical machine learning and data science.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fully automatic integration of dental CBCT images and full-arch intraoral impressions with stitching error correction via individual tooth segmentation and identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01784">arxiv:2112.01784</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Tae Jun Jang, Hye Sun Yun, Jong-Eun Kim, Sang-Hwy Lee, Jin Keun Seo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a fully automated method of integrating intraoral scan (IOS) and dental cone-beam computerized tomography (CBCT) images into one image by complementing each image's weaknesses. Dental CBCT alone may not be able to delineate precise details of the tooth surface due to limited image resolution and various CBCT artifacts, including metal-induced artifacts. IOS is very accurate for the scanning of narrow areas, but it produces cumulative stitching errors during full-arch scanning. The proposed method is intended not only to compensate the low-quality of CBCT-derived tooth surfaces with IOS, but also to correct the cumulative stitching errors of IOS across the entire dental arch. Moreover, the integration provide both gingival structure of IOS and tooth roots of CBCT in one image. The proposed fully automated method consists of four parts; (i) individual tooth segmentation and identification module for IOS data (TSIM-IOS); (ii) individual tooth segmentation and identification module for CBCT data (TSIM-CBCT); (iii) global-to-local tooth registration between IOS and CBCT; and (iv) stitching error correction of full-arch IOS. The experimental results show that the proposed method achieved landmark and surface distance errors of 0.11mm and 0.30mm, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Predictions of Tail-end Labels using Concatenated BioMed-Transformers for Long Medical Documents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01718">arxiv:2112.01718</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Vithya Yogarajan, Bernhard Pfahringer, Tony Smith, Jacob Montiel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-label learning predicts a subset of labels from a given label set for an unseen instance while considering label correlations. A known challenge with multi-label classification is the long-tailed distribution of labels. Many studies focus on improving the overall predictions of the model and thus do not prioritise tail-end labels. Improving the tail-end label predictions in multi-label classifications of medical text enables the potential to understand patients better and improve care. The knowledge gained by one or more infrequent labels can impact the cause of medical decisions and treatment plans. This research presents variations of concatenated domain-specific language models, including multi-BioMed-Transformers, to achieve two primary goals. First, to improve F1 scores of infrequent labels across multi-label problems, especially with long-tail labels; second, to handle long medical text and multi-sourced electronic health records (EHRs), a challenging task for standard transformers designed to work on short input sequences. A vital contribution of this research is new state-of-the-art (SOTA) results obtained using TransformerXL for predicting medical codes. A variety of experiments are performed on the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care (MIMIC-III) database. Results show that concatenated BioMed-Transformers outperform standard transformers in terms of overall micro and macro F1 scores and individual F1 scores of tail-end labels, while incurring lower training times than existing transformer-based solutions for long input sequences.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Two-stage Deep Stacked Autoencoder with Shallow Learning for Network Intrusion Detection System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.03704">arxiv:2112.03704</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nasreen Fathima, Akshara Pramod, Yash Srivastava, Anusha Maria Thomas, Syed Ibrahim S P, Chandran K R</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sparse events, such as malign attacks in real-time network traffic, have caused big organisations an immense hike in revenue loss. This is due to the excessive growth of the network and its exposure to a plethora of people. The standard methods used to detect intrusions are not promising and have significant failure to identify new malware. Moreover, the challenges in handling high volume data with sparsity, high false positives, fewer detection rates in minor class, training time and feature engineering of the dimensionality of data has promoted deep learning to take over the task with less time and great results. The existing system needs improvement in solving real-time network traffic issues along with feature engineering. Our proposed work overcomes these challenges by giving promising results using deep-stacked autoencoders in two stages. The two-stage deep learning combines with shallow learning using the random forest for classification in the second stage. This made the model get well with the latest Canadian Institute for Cybersecurity - Intrusion Detection System 2017 (CICIDS-2017) dataset. Zero false positives with admirable detection accuracy were achieved.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Novel Deep Parallel Time-series Relation Network for Fault Diagnosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.03405">arxiv:2112.03405</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chun Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Considering the models that apply the contextual information of time-series data could improve the fault diagnosis performance, some neural network structures such as RNN, LSTM, and GRU were proposed to model the industrial process effectively. However, these models are restricted by their serial computation and hence cannot achieve high diagnostic efficiency. Also the parallel CNN is difficult to implement fault diagnosis in an efficient way because it requires larger convolution kernels or deep structure to achieve long-term feature extraction capabilities. Besides, BERT model applies absolute position embedding to introduce contextual information to the model, which would bring noise to the raw data and therefore cannot be applied to fault diagnosis directly. In order to address the above problems, a fault diagnosis model named deep parallel time-series relation network(\textit{DPTRN}) has been proposed in this paper. There are mainly three advantages for DPTRN: (1) Our proposed time relationship unit is based on full multilayer perceptron(\textit{MLP}) structure, therefore, DPTRN performs fault diagnosis in a parallel way and improves computing efficiency significantly. (2) By improving the absolute position embedding, our novel decoupling position embedding unit could be applied on the fault diagnosis directly and learn contextual information. (3) Our proposed DPTRN has obvious advantage in feature interpretability. Our model outperforms other methods on both TE and KDD-CUP99 datasets which confirms the effectiveness, efficiency and interpretability of the proposed DPTRN model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Feature Importance-aware Graph Attention Network and Dueling Double Deep Q-Network Combined Approach for Critical Node Detection Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.03404">arxiv:2112.03404</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xuwei Tan, Yangming Zhou, Zhang-Hua Fu, Mengchu Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Detecting critical nodes in sparse networks is important in a variety of application domains. A Critical Node Problem (CNP) aims to find a set of critical nodes from a network whose deletion maximally degrades the pairwise connectivity of the residual network. Due to its general NP-hard nature, state-of-the-art CNP solutions are based on heuristic approaches. Domain knowledge and trial-and-error are usually required when designing such approaches, thus consuming considerable effort and time. This work proposes a feature importance-aware graph attention network for node representation and combines it with dueling double deep Q-network to create an end-to-end algorithm to solve CNP for the first time. It does not need any problem-specific knowledge or labeled datasets as required by most of existing methods. Once the model is trained, it can be generalized to cope with various types of CNPs (with different sizes and topological structures) without re-training. Extensive experiments on 28 real-world networks show that the proposed method is highly comparable to state-of-the-art methods. It does not require any problem-specific knowledge and, hence, can be applicable to many applications including those impossible ones by using the existing approaches. It can be combined with some local search methods to further improve its solution quality. Extensive comparison results are given to show its effectiveness in solving CNP.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SHAPr: An Efficient and Versatile Membership Privacy Risk Metric for Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02230">arxiv:2112.02230</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Vasisht Duddu, Sebastian Szyller, N. Asokan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data used to train machine learning (ML) models can be sensitive. Membership inference attacks (MIAs), attempting to determine whether a particular data record was used to train an ML model, risk violating membership privacy. ML model builders need a principled definition of a metric that enables them to quantify the privacy risk of (a) individual training data records, (b) independently of specific MIAs, (c) efficiently. None of the prior work on membership privacy risk metrics simultaneously meets all of these criteria.
  We propose such a metric, SHAPr, which uses Shapley values to quantify a model's memorization of an individual training data record by measuring its influence on the model's utility. This memorization is a measure of the likelihood of a successful MIA.
  Using ten benchmark datasets, we show that SHAPr is effective (precision: 0.94$\pm 0.06$, recall: 0.88$\pm 0.06$) in estimating susceptibility of a training data record for MIAs, and is efficient (computable within minutes for smaller datasets and in ~90 minutes for the largest dataset).
  SHAPr is also versatile in that it can be used for other purposes like assessing fairness or assigning valuation for subsets of a dataset. For example, we show that SHAPr correctly captures the disproportionate vulnerability of different subgroups to MIAs.
  Using SHAPr, we show that the membership privacy risk of a dataset is not necessarily improved by removing high risk training data records, thereby confirming an observation from prior work in a significantly extended setting (in ten datasets, removing up to 50% of data).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Math Programming based Reinforcement Learning for Multi-Echelon Inventory Management</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02215">arxiv:2112.02215</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Pavithra Harsha, Ashish Jagmohan, Jayant R. Kalagnanam, Brian Quanz, Divya Singhvi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning has lead to considerable break-throughs in diverse areas such as robotics, games and many others. But the application to RL in complex real-world decision making problems remains limited. Many problems in operations management (inventory and revenue management, for example) are characterized by large action spaces and stochastic system dynamics. These characteristics make the problem considerably harder to solve for existing RL methods that rely on enumeration techniques to solve per step action problems. To resolve these issues, we develop Programmable Actor Reinforcement Learning (PARL), a policy iteration method that uses techniques from integer programming and sample average approximation. Analytically, we show that the for a given critic, the learned policy in each iteration converges to the optimal policy as the underlying samples of the uncertainty go to infinity. Practically, we show that a properly selected discretization of the underlying uncertain distribution can yield near optimal actor policy even with very few samples from the underlying uncertainty. We then apply our algorithm to real-world inventory management problems with complex supply chain structures and show that PARL outperforms state-of-the-art RL and inventory optimization methods in these settings. We find that PARL outperforms commonly used base stock heuristic by 44.7% and the best performing RL method by up to 12.1% on average across different supply chain environments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalized Likelihood Ratio Test for Adversarially Robust Hypothesis Testing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02209">arxiv:2112.02209</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Bhagyashree Puranik, Upamanyu Madhow, Ramtin Pedarsani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning models are known to be susceptible to adversarial attacks which can cause misclassification by introducing small but well designed perturbations. In this paper, we consider a classical hypothesis testing problem in order to develop fundamental insight into defending against such adversarial perturbations. We interpret an adversarial perturbation as a nuisance parameter, and propose a defense based on applying the generalized likelihood ratio test (GLRT) to the resulting composite hypothesis testing problem, jointly estimating the class of interest and the adversarial perturbation. While the GLRT approach is applicable to general multi-class hypothesis testing, we first evaluate it for binary hypothesis testing in white Gaussian noise under $\ell_{\infty}$ norm-bounded adversarial perturbations, for which a known minimax defense optimizing for the worst-case attack provides a benchmark. We derive the worst-case attack for the GLRT defense, and show that its asymptotic performance (as the dimension of the data increases) approaches that of the minimax defense. For non-asymptotic regimes, we show via simulations that the GLRT defense is competitive with the minimax approach under the worst-case attack, while yielding a better robustness-accuracy tradeoff under weaker attacks. We also illustrate the GLRT approach for a multi-class hypothesis testing problem, for which a minimax strategy is not known, evaluating its performance under both noise-agnostic and noise-aware adversarial settings, by providing a method to find optimal noise-aware attacks, and heuristics to find noise-agnostic attacks that are close to optimal in the high SNR regime.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data Fusion with Latent Map Gaussian Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02206">arxiv:2112.02206</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nicholas Oune, Jonathan Tammer Eweis-Labolle, Ramin Bostanabad</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-fidelity modeling and calibration are data fusion tasks that ubiquitously arise in engineering design. In this paper, we introduce a novel approach based on latent-map Gaussian processes (LMGPs) that enables efficient and accurate data fusion. In our approach, we convert data fusion into a latent space learning problem where the relations among different data sources are automatically learned. This conversion endows our approach with attractive advantages such as increased accuracy, reduced costs, flexibility to jointly fuse any number of data sources, and ability to visualize correlations between data sources. This visualization allows the user to detect model form errors or determine the optimum strategy for high-fidelity emulation by fitting LMGP only to the subset of the data sources that are well-correlated. We also develop a new kernel function that enables LMGPs to not only build a probabilistic multi-fidelity surrogate but also estimate calibration parameters with high accuracy and consistency. The implementation and use of our approach are considerably simpler and less prone to numerical issues compared to existing technologies. We demonstrate the benefits of LMGP-based data fusion by comparing its performance against competing methods on a wide range of examples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NN-LUT: Neural Approximation of Non-Linear Operations for Efficient Transformer Inference</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02191">arxiv:2112.02191</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Joonsang Yu, Junki Park, Seongmin Park, Minsoo Kim, Sihwa Lee, Dong Hyun Lee, Jungwook Choi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Non-linear operations such as GELU, Layer normalization, and Softmax are essential yet costly building blocks of Transformer models. Several prior works simplified these operations with look-up tables or integer computations, but such approximations suffer inferior accuracy or considerable hardware cost with long latency. This paper proposes an accurate and hardware-friendly approximation framework for efficient Transformer inference. Our framework employs a simple neural network as a universal approximator with its structure equivalently transformed into a LUT. The proposed framework called NN-LUT can accurately replace all the non-linear operations in popular BERT models with significant reductions in area, power consumption, and latency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bridging the gap between prostate radiology and pathology through machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02164">arxiv:2112.02164</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Indrani Bhattacharya, David S. Lim, Han Lin Aung, Xingchen Liu, Arun Seetharaman, Christian A. Kunder, Wei Shao, Simon J. C. Soerensen, Richard E. Fan, Pejman Ghanouni, Katherine J. To'o, James D. Brooks, Geoffrey A. Sonn, Mirabela Rusu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prostate cancer is the second deadliest cancer for American men. While Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is increasingly used to guide targeted biopsies for prostate cancer diagnosis, its utility remains limited due to high rates of false positives and false negatives as well as low inter-reader agreements. Machine learning methods to detect and localize cancer on prostate MRI can help standardize radiologist interpretations. However, existing machine learning methods vary not only in model architecture, but also in the ground truth labeling strategies used for model training. In this study, we compare different labeling strategies, namely, pathology-confirmed radiologist labels, pathologist labels on whole-mount histopathology images, and lesion-level and pixel-level digital pathologist labels (previously validated deep learning algorithm on histopathology images to predict pixel-level Gleason patterns) on whole-mount histopathology images. We analyse the effects these labels have on the performance of the trained machine learning models. Our experiments show that (1) radiologist labels and models trained with them can miss cancers, or underestimate cancer extent, (2) digital pathologist labels and models trained with them have high concordance with pathologist labels, and (3) models trained with digital pathologist labels achieve the best performance in prostate cancer detection in two different cohorts with different disease distributions, irrespective of the model architecture used. Digital pathologist labels can reduce challenges associated with human annotations, including labor, time, inter- and intra-reader variability, and can help bridge the gap between prostate radiology and pathology by enabling the training of reliable machine learning models to detect and localize prostate cancer on MRI.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CTIN: Robust Contextual Transformer Network for Inertial Navigation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02143">arxiv:2112.02143</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Bingbing Rao, Ehsan Kazemi, Yifan Ding, Devu M Shila, Frank M. Tucker, Liqiang Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, data-driven inertial navigation approaches have demonstrated their capability of using well-trained neural networks to obtain accurate position estimates from inertial measurement units (IMU) measurements. In this paper, we propose a novel robust Contextual Transformer-based network for Inertial Navigation~(CTIN) to accurately predict velocity and trajectory. To this end, we first design a ResNet-based encoder enhanced by local and global multi-head self-attention to capture spatial contextual information from IMU measurements. Then we fuse these spatial representations with temporal knowledge by leveraging multi-head attention in the Transformer decoder. Finally, multi-task learning with uncertainty reduction is leveraged to improve learning efficiency and prediction accuracy of velocity and trajectory. Through extensive experiments over a wide range of inertial datasets~(e.g. RIDI, OxIOD, RoNIN, IDOL, and our own), CTIN is very robust and outperforms state-of-the-art models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Combining Embeddings and Fuzzy Time Series for High-Dimensional Time Series Forecasting in Internet of Energy Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02140">arxiv:2112.02140</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hugo Vinicius Bitencourt, Luiz Augusto Facury de Souza, Matheus Cascalho dos Santos, Petrônio Cândido de Lima e Silva, Frederico Gadelha Guimarães</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The prediction of residential power usage is essential in assisting a smart grid to manage and preserve energy to ensure efficient use. An accurate energy forecasting at the customer level will reflect directly into efficiency improvements across the power grid system, however forecasting building energy use is a complex task due to many influencing factors, such as meteorological and occupancy patterns. In addiction, high-dimensional time series increasingly arise in the Internet of Energy (IoE), given the emergence of multi-sensor environments and the two way communication between energy consumers and the smart grid. Therefore, methods that are capable of computing high-dimensional time series are of great value in smart building and IoE applications. Fuzzy Time Series (FTS) models stand out as data-driven non-parametric models of easy implementation and high accuracy. Unfortunately, the existing FTS models can be unfeasible if all features were used to train the model. We present a new methodology for handling high-dimensional time series, by projecting the original high-dimensional data into a low dimensional embedding space and using multivariate FTS approach in this low dimensional representation. Combining these techniques enables a better representation of the complex content of multivariate time series and more accurate forecasts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distributed Adaptive Learning Under Communication Constraints</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02129">arxiv:2112.02129</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Marco Carpentiero, Vincenzo Matta, Ali H. Sayed</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work examines adaptive distributed learning strategies designed to operate under communication constraints. We consider a network of agents that must solve an online optimization problem from continual observation of streaming data. The agents implement a distributed cooperative strategy where each agent is allowed to perform local exchange of information with its neighbors. In order to cope with communication constraints, the exchanged information must be unavoidably compressed. We propose a diffusion strategy nicknamed as ACTC (Adapt-Compress-Then-Combine), which relies on the following steps: i) an adaptation step where each agent performs an individual stochastic-gradient update with constant step-size; ii) a compression step that leverages a recently introduced class of stochastic compression operators; and iii) a combination step where each agent combines the compressed updates received from its neighbors. The distinguishing elements of this work are as follows. First, we focus on adaptive strategies, where constant (as opposed to diminishing) step-sizes are critical to respond in real time to nonstationary variations. Second, we consider the general class of directed graphs and left-stochastic combination policies, which allow us to enhance the interplay between topology and learning. Third, in contrast with related works that assume strong convexity for all individual agents' cost functions, we require strong convexity only at a network level, a condition satisfied even if a single agent has a strongly-convex cost and the remaining agents have non-convex costs. Fourth, we focus on a diffusion (as opposed to consensus) strategy. Under the demanding setting of compressed information, we establish that the ACTC iterates fluctuate around the desired optimizer, achieving remarkable savings in terms of bits exchanged between neighboring agents.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prediction and compression of lattice QCD data using machine learning algorithms on quantum annealer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02120">arxiv:2112.02120</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Boram Yoon, Chia Cheng Chang, Garrett T. Kenyon, Nga T. T. Nguyen, Ermal Rrapaj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present regression and compression algorithms for lattice QCD data utilizing the efficient binary optimization ability of quantum annealers. In the regression algorithm, we encode the correlation between the input and output variables into a sparse coding machine learning algorithm. The trained correlation pattern is used to predict lattice QCD observables of unseen lattice configurations from other observables measured on the lattice. In the compression algorithm, we define a mapping from lattice QCD data of floating-point numbers to the binary coefficients that closely reconstruct the input data from a set of basis vectors. Since the reconstruction is not exact, the mapping defines a lossy compression, but, a reasonably small number of binary coefficients are able to reconstruct the input vector of lattice QCD data with the reconstruction error much smaller than the statistical fluctuation. In both applications, we use D-Wave quantum annealers to solve the NP-hard binary optimization problems of the machine learning algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>View-Consistent Metal Segmentation in the Projection Domain for Metal Artifact Reduction in CBCT -- An Investigation of Potential Improvement</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02101">arxiv:2112.02101</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tristan M. Gottschalk, Andreas Maier, Florian Kordon, Björn W. Kreher</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The positive outcome of a trauma intervention depends on an intraoperative evaluation of inserted metallic implants. Due to occurring metal artifacts, the quality of this evaluation heavily depends on the performance of so-called Metal Artifact Reduction methods (MAR). The majority of these MAR methods require prior segmentation of the inserted metal objects. Therefore, typically a rather simple thresholding-based segmentation method in the reconstructed 3D volume is applied, despite some major disadvantages. With this publication, the potential of shifting the segmentation task to a learning-based, view-consistent 2D projection-based method on the downstream MAR's outcome is investigated. For segmenting the present metal, a rather simple learning-based 2D projection-wise segmentation network that is trained using real data acquired during cadaver studies, is examined. To overcome the disadvantages that come along with a 2D projection-wise segmentation, a Consistency Filter is proposed. The influence of the shifted segmentation domain is investigated by comparing the results of the standard fsMAR with a modified fsMAR version using the new segmentation masks. With a quantitative and qualitative evaluation on real cadaver data, the investigated approach showed an increased MAR performance and a high insensitivity against metal artifacts. For cases with metal outside the reconstruction's FoV or cases with vanishing metal, a significant reduction in artifacts could be shown. Thus, increases of up to roughly 3 dB w.r.t. the mean PSNR metric over all slices and up to 9 dB for single slices were achieved. The shown results reveal a beneficial influence of the shift to a 2D-based segmentation method on real data for downstream use with a MAR method, like the fsMAR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Identifying mass composition of ultra-high-energy cosmic rays using deep learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02072">arxiv:2112.02072</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>O. Kalashev, I. Kharuk, M. Kuznetsov, G. Rubtsov, T. Sako, Y. Tsunesada, Ya. Zhezher</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a novel method for identifying the mass composition of ultra-high-energy cosmic rays using deep learning. The key idea of the method is to use a chain of two neural networks. The first network predicts the type of a primary particle for individual events, while the second infers the mass composition of an ensemble of events. We apply this method to the Monte-Carlo data for the Telescope Array Surface Detectors readings, on which it yields an unprecedented low error of 7% for 4-component approximation. The statistical error is shown to be inferior to the systematic one related to the choice of the hadronic interaction model used for simulations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Malakai: Music That Adapts to the Shape of Emotions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02070">arxiv:2112.02070</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zack Harris, Liam Atticus Clarke, Pietro Gagliano, Dante Camarena, Manal Siddiqui, Pablo S. Castro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The advent of ML music models such as Google Magenta's MusicVAE now allow us to extract and replicate compositional features from otherwise complex datasets. These models allow computational composers to parameterize abstract variables such as style and mood. By leveraging these models and combining them with procedural algorithms from the last few decades, it is possible to create a dynamic song that composes music in real-time to accompany interactive experiences. Malakai is a tool that helps users of varying skill levels create, listen to, remix and share such dynamic songs. Using Malakai, a Composer can create a dynamic song that can be interacted with by a Listener

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>User-click Modelling for Predicting Purchase Intent</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02006">arxiv:2112.02006</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Simone Borg Bruun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This thesis contributes a structured inquiry into the open actuarial mathematics problem of modelling user behaviour using machine learning methods, in order to predict purchase intent of non-life insurance products. It is valuable for a company to understand user interactions with their website as it provides rich and individualized insight into consumer behaviour. Most of existing research in user behaviour modelling aims to explain or predict clicks on a search engine result page or to estimate click-through rate in sponsored search. These models are based on concepts about users' examination patterns of a web page and the web page's representation of items. Investigating the problem of modelling user behaviour to predict purchase intent on a business website, we observe that a user's intention yields high dependency on how the user navigates the website in terms of how many different web pages the user visited, what kind of web pages the user interacted with, and how much time the user spent on each web page. Inspired by these findings, we propose two different ways of representing features of a user session leading to two models for user click-based purchase prediction: one based on a Feed Forward Neural Network, and another based on a Recurrent Neural Network. We examine the discriminativeness of user-clicks for predicting purchase intent by comparing the above two models with a model using demographic features of the user. Our experimental results show that our click-based models significantly outperform the demographic model, in terms of standard classification evaluation metrics, and that a model based on a sequential representation of user clicks yields slightly greater performance than a model based on feature engineering of clicks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Heuristic Search Planning with Deep Neural Networks using Imitation, Attention and Curriculum Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01918">arxiv:2112.01918</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Leah Chrestien, Tomas Pevny, Antonin Komenda, Stefan Edelkamp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning a well-informed heuristic function for hard task planning domains is an elusive problem. Although there are known neural network architectures to represent such heuristic knowledge, it is not obvious what concrete information is learned and whether techniques aimed at understanding the structure help in improving the quality of the heuristics. This paper presents a network model to learn a heuristic capable of relating distant parts of the state space via optimal plan imitation using the attention mechanism, which drastically improves the learning of a good heuristic function. To counter the limitation of the method in the creation of problems of increasing difficulty, we demonstrate the use of curriculum learning, where newly solved problem instances are added to the training set, which, in turn, helps to solve problems of higher complexities and far exceeds the performances of all existing baselines including classical planning heuristics. We demonstrate its effectiveness for grid-type PDDL domains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Near-optimal estimation of smooth transport maps with kernel sums-of-squares</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01907">arxiv:2112.01907</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Boris Muzellec, Adrien Vacher, Francis Bach, François-Xavier Vialard, Alessandro Rudi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It was recently shown that under smoothness conditions, the squared Wasserstein distance between two distributions could be efficiently computed with appealing statistical error upper bounds. However, rather than the distance itself, the object of interest for applications such as generative modeling is the underlying optimal transport map. Hence, computational and statistical guarantees need to be obtained for the estimated maps themselves. In this paper, we propose the first tractable algorithm for which the statistical $L^2$ error on the maps nearly matches the existing minimax lower-bounds for smooth map estimation. Our method is based on solving the semi-dual formulation of optimal transport with an infinite-dimensional sum-of-squares reformulation, and leads to an algorithm which has dimension-free polynomial rates in the number of samples, with potentially exponentially dimension-dependent constants.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hybrid Digital Twin for process industry using Apros simulation environment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01903">arxiv:2112.01903</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mohammad Azangoo, Joonas Salmi, Iivo Yrjölä, Jonathan Bensky, Gerardo Santillan, Nikolaos Papakonstantinou, Seppo Sierla, Valeriy Vyatkin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Making an updated and as-built model plays an important role in the life-cycle of a process plant. In particular, Digital Twin models must be precise to guarantee the efficiency and reliability of the systems. Data-driven models can simulate the latest behavior of the sub-systems by considering uncertainties and life-cycle related changes. This paper presents a step-by-step concept for hybrid Digital Twin models of process plants using an early implemented prototype as an example. It will detail the steps for updating the first-principles model and Digital Twin of a brownfield process system using data-driven models of the process equipment. The challenges for generation of an as-built hybrid Digital Twin will also be discussed. With the help of process history data to teach Machine Learning models, the implemented Digital Twin can be continually improved over time and this work in progress can be further optimized.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Estimating the Value-at-Risk by Temporal VAE</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01896">arxiv:2112.01896</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Robert Sicks, Stefanie Grimm, Ralf Korn, Ivo Richert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Estimation of the value-at-risk (VaR) of a large portfolio of assets is an important task for financial institutions. As the joint log-returns of asset prices can often be projected to a latent space of a much smaller dimension, the use of a variational autoencoder (VAE) for estimating the VaR is a natural suggestion. To ensure the bottleneck structure of autoencoders when learning sequential data, we use a temporal VAE (TempVAE) that avoids an auto-regressive structure for the observation variables. However, the low signal- to-noise ratio of financial data in combination with the auto-pruning property of a VAE typically makes the use of a VAE prone to posterior collapse. Therefore, we propose to use annealing of the regularization to mitigate this effect. As a result, the auto-pruning of the TempVAE works properly which also results in excellent estimation results for the VaR that beats classical GARCH-type and historical simulation approaches when applied to real data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayes in Wonderland! Predictive supervised classification inference hits unpredictability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01880">arxiv:2112.01880</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ali Amiryousefi, Ville Kinnula, Jing Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The marginal Bayesian predictive classifiers (mBpc) as opposed to the simultaneous Bayesian predictive classifiers (sBpc), handle each data separately and hence tacitly assumes the independence of the observations. However, due to saturation in learning of generative model parameters, the adverse effect of this false assumption on the accuracy of mBpc tends to wear out in face of increasing amount of training data; guaranteeing the convergence of these two classifiers under de Finetti type of exchangeability. This result however, is far from trivial for the sequences generated under Partition exchangeability (PE), where even umpteen amount of training data is not ruling out the possibility of an unobserved outcome (Wonderland!). We provide a computational scheme that allows the generation of the sequences under PE. Based on that, with controlled increase of the training data, we show the convergence of the sBpc and mBpc. This underlies the use of simpler yet computationally more efficient marginal classifiers instead of simultaneous. We also provide a parameter estimation of the generative model giving rise to the partition exchangeable sequence as well as a testing paradigm for the equality of this parameter across different samples. The package for Bayesian predictive supervised classifications, parameter estimation and hypothesis testing of the Ewens Sampling formula generative model is deposited on CRAN as PEkit package and free available from https://github.com/AmiryousefiLab/PEkit.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discovery of Crime Event Sequences with Constricted Spatio-Temporal Sequential Patterns</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01863">arxiv:2112.01863</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Piotr S. Maciąg, Robert Bembenik, Artur Dubrawski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this article, we introduce a novel type of spatio-temporal sequential patterns called Constricted Spatio-Temporal Sequential (CSTS) patterns and thoroughly analyze their properties. We demonstrate that the set of CSTS patterns is a concise representation of all spatio-temporal sequential patterns that can be discovered in a given dataset. To measure significance of the discovered CSTS patterns we adapt the participation index measure. We also provide CSTS-Miner: an algorithm that discovers all participation index strong CSTS patterns in event data. We experimentally evaluate the proposed algorithms using two crime-related datasets: Pittsburgh Police Incident Blotter Dataset and Boston Crime Incident Reports Dataset. In the experiments, the CSTS-Miner algorithm is compared with the other four state-of-the-art algorithms: STS-Miner, CSTPM, STBFM and CST-SPMiner. As the results of experiments suggest, the proposed algorithm discovers much fewer patterns than the other selected algorithms. Finally, we provide the examples of interesting crime-related patterns discovered by the proposed CSTS-Miner algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Combining Sub-Symbolic and Symbolic Methods for Explainability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01844">arxiv:2112.01844</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anna Himmelhuber, Stephan Grimm, Sonja Zillner, Mitchell Joblin, Martin Ringsquandl, Thomas Runkler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Similarly to other connectionist models, Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) lack transparency in their decision-making. A number of sub-symbolic approaches have been developed to provide insights into the GNN decision making process. These are first important steps on the way to explainability, but the generated explanations are often hard to understand for users that are not AI experts. To overcome this problem, we introduce a conceptual approach combining sub-symbolic and symbolic methods for human-centric explanations, that incorporate domain knowledge and causality. We furthermore introduce the notion of fidelity as a metric for evaluating how close the explanation is to the GNN's internal decision making process. The evaluation with a chemical dataset and ontology shows the explanatory value and reliability of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Chronological Causal Bandits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01819">arxiv:2112.01819</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Neil Dhir</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper studies an instance of the multi-armed bandit (MAB) problem, specifically where several causal MABs operate chronologically in the same dynamical system. Practically the reward distribution of each bandit is governed by the same non-trivial dependence structure, which is a dynamic causal model. Dynamic because we allow for each causal MAB to depend on the preceding MAB and in doing so are able to transfer information between agents. Our contribution, the Chronological Causal Bandit (CCB), is useful in discrete decision-making settings where the causal effects are changing across time and can be informed by earlier interventions in the same system. In this paper, we present some early findings of the CCB as demonstrated on a toy problem.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computation of conditional expectations with guarantees</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01804">arxiv:2112.01804</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Patrick Cheridito, Balint Gersey</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Theoretically, the conditional expectation of a square-integrable random variable $Y$ given a $d$-dimensional random vector $X$ can be obtained by minimizing the mean squared distance between $Y$ and $f(X)$ over all Borel measurable functions $f \colon \mathbb{R}^d \to \mathbb{R}$. However, in many applications this minimization problem cannot be solved exactly, and instead, a numerical method that computes an approximate minimum over a suitable subfamily of Borel functions has to be used. The quality of the result depends on the adequacy of the subfamily and the performance of the numerical method. In this paper, we derive an expected value representation of the minimal mean square distance which in many applications can efficiently be approximated with a standard Monte Carlo average. This enables us to provide guarantees for the accuracy of any numerical approximation of a given conditional expectation. We illustrate the method by assessing the quality of approximate conditional expectations obtained by linear, polynomial as well as neural network regression in different concrete examples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Characterizing Performance Bugs in Deep Learning Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01771">arxiv:2112.01771</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Junming Cao, Bihuan Chen, Chao Sun, Longjie Hu, Xin Peng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning (DL) has been increasingly applied to a variety of domains. The programming paradigm shift from traditional systems to DL systems poses unique challenges in engineering DL systems. Performance is one of the challenges, and performance bugs(PBs) in DL systems can cause severe consequences such as excessive resource consumption and financial loss. While bugs in DL systems have been extensively investigated, PBs in DL systems have hardly been explored. To bridge this gap, we present the first comprehensive study to characterize symptoms, root causes, and introducing and exposing stages of PBs in DL systems developed in TensorFLow and Keras, with a total of 238 PBs collected from 225 StackOverflow posts. Our findings shed light on the implications on developing high performance DL systems, and detecting and localizing PBs in DL systems. We also build the first benchmark of 56 PBs in DL systems, and assess the capability of existing approaches in tackling them. Moreover, we develop a static checker DeepPerf to detect three types of PBs, and identify 488 new PBs in 130 GitHub projects.62 and 18 of them have been respectively confirmed and fixed by developers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MaxRay: A Raytracing-based Integrated Sensing and Communication Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01751">arxiv:2112.01751</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>M. Arnold, M. Bauhofer, S. Mandelli, M. Henninger, F. Schaich, T. Wild, S. ten Brink</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Integrated Sensing And Communication (ISAC)forms a symbiosis between the human need for communication and the need for increasing productivity, by extracting environmental information leveraging the communication network. As multiple sensory already create a perception of the environment, an investigation into the advantages of ISAC compare to such modalities is required. Therefore, we introduce MaxRay, an ISAC framework allowing to simulate communication, sensing, and additional sensory jointly. Emphasizing the challenges for creating such sensing networks, we introduce the required propagation properties for sensing and how they are leveraged. To compare the performance of the different sensing techniques, we analyze four commonly used metrics used in different fields and evaluate their advantages and disadvantages for sensing. We depict that a metric based on prominence is suitable to cover most algorithms. Further we highlight the requirement of clutter removal algorithms, using two standard clutter removal techniques to detect a target in a typical industrial scenario. In general a versatile framework, allowing to create automatically labeled datasets to investigate a large variety of tasks is demonstrated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PhishMatch: A Layered Approach for Effective Detection of Phishing URLs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02226">arxiv:2112.02226</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Harshal Tupsamudre, Sparsh Jain, Sachin Lodha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Phishing attacks continue to be a significant threat on the Internet. Prior studies show that it is possible to determine whether a website is phishing or not just by analyzing its URL more carefully. A major advantage of the URL based approach is that it can identify a phishing website even before the web page is rendered in the browser, thus avoiding other potential problems such as cryptojacking and drive-by downloads. However, traditional URL based approaches have their limitations. Blacklist based approaches are prone to zero-hour phishing attacks, advanced machine learning based approaches consume high resources, and other approaches send the URL to a remote server which compromises user's privacy. In this paper, we present a layered anti-phishing defense, PhishMatch, which is robust, accurate, inexpensive, and client-side. We design a space-time efficient Aho-Corasick algorithm for exact string matching and n-gram based indexing technique for approximate string matching to detect various cybersquatting techniques in the phishing URL. To reduce false positives, we use a global whitelist and personalized user whitelists. We also determine the context in which the URL is visited and use that information to classify the input URL more accurately. The last component of PhishMatch involves a machine learning model and controlled search engine queries to classify the URL. A prototype plugin of PhishMatch, developed for the Chrome browser, was found to be fast and lightweight. Our evaluation shows that PhishMatch is both efficient and effective.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Game-Theoretic Approach for AI-based Botnet Attack Defence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02223">arxiv:2112.02223</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hooman Alavizadeh, Julian Jang-Jaccard, Tansu Alpcan, Seyit A. Camtepe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The new generation of botnets leverages Artificial Intelligent (AI) techniques to conceal the identity of botmasters and the attack intention to avoid detection. Unfortunately, there has not been an existing assessment tool capable of evaluating the effectiveness of existing defense strategies against this kind of AI-based botnet attack. In this paper, we propose a sequential game theory model that is capable to analyse the details of the potential strategies botnet attackers and defenders could use to reach Nash Equilibrium (NE). The utility function is computed under the assumption when the attacker launches the maximum number of DDoS attacks with the minimum attack cost while the defender utilises the maximum number of defense strategies with the minimum defense cost. We conduct a numerical analysis based on a various number of defense strategies involved on different (simulated) cloud-band sizes in relation to different attack success rate values. Our experimental results confirm that the success of defense highly depends on the number of defense strategies used according to careful evaluation of attack rates.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Can OpenAI Codex and Other Large Language Models Help Us Fix Security Bugs?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02125">arxiv:2112.02125</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hammond Pearce, Benjamin Tan, Baleegh Ahmad, Ramesh Karri, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human developers can produce code with cybersecurity weaknesses. Can emerging 'smart' code completion tools help repair those weaknesses? In this work, we examine the use of large language models (LLMs) for code (such as OpenAI's Codex and AI21's Jurassic J-1) for zero-shot vulnerability repair. We investigate challenges in the design of prompts that coax LLMs into generating repaired versions of insecure code. This is difficult due to the numerous ways to phrase key information -- both semantically and syntactically -- with natural languages. By performing a large scale study of four commercially available, black-box, "off-the-shelf" LLMs, as well as a locally-trained model, on a mix of synthetic, hand-crafted, and real-world security bug scenarios, our experiments show that LLMs could collectively repair 100% of our synthetically generated and hand-crafted scenarios, as well as 58% of vulnerabilities in a selection of historical bugs in real-world open-source projects.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamic fracture of a bicontinuously nanostructured copolymer: A deep learning analysis of big-data-generating experiment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01971">arxiv:2112.01971</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hanxun Jin, Rodney J. Clifton, Kyung-Suk Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Here, we report the dynamic fracture toughness as well as the cohesive parameters of a bicontinuously nanostructured copolymer, polyurea, under an extremely high crack-tip loading rate, from a deep-learning analysis of a dynamic big-data-generating experiment. We first invented a novel Dynamic Line-Image Shearing Interferometer (DL-ISI), which can generate the displacement-gradient - time profiles along a line on a sample's back surface projectively covering the crack initiation and growth process in a single plate impact experiment. Then, we proposed a convolutional neural network (CNN) based deep-learning framework that can inversely determine the accurate cohesive parameters from DL-ISI fringe images. Plate-impact experiments on a polyurea sample with a mid-plane crack have been performed, and the generated DL-ISI fringe image has been inpainted by a Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGAN). For the first time, the dynamic cohesive parameters of polyurea have been successfully obtained by the pre-trained CNN architecture with the computational dataset, which is consistent with the correlation method and the linear fracture mechanics estimation. Apparent dynamic toughening is found in polyurea, where the cohesive strength is found to be nearly three times higher than the spall strength under the symmetric impact with the same impact speed. These experimental results fill the gap in the current understanding of copolymer's cooperative-failure strength under extreme local loading conditions near the crack tip. This experiment also demonstrates the advantages of big-data-generating experiments, which combine innovative high-throughput experimental techniques with state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Residual-Based Adaptive Coefficient and Noise-Immunity ZNN for Perturbed Time-Dependent Quadratic Minimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01773">arxiv:2112.01773</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chengze Jiang, Long Jin, Xiuchun Xiao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The time-dependent quadratic minimization (TDQM) problem appears in many applications and research projects. It has been reported that the zeroing neural network (ZNN) models can effectively solve the TDQM problem. However, the convergent and robust performance of the existing ZNN models are restricted for lack of a joint-action mechanism of adaptive coefficient and integration enhanced term. Consequently, the residual-based adaption coefficient zeroing neural network (RACZNN) model with integration term is proposed in this paper for solving the TDQM problem. The adaptive coefficient is proposed to improve the performance of convergence and the integration term is embedded to ensure the RACZNN model can maintain reliable robustness while perturbed by variant measurement noises. Compared with the state-of-the-art models, the proposed RACZNN model owns faster convergence and more reliable robustness. Then, theorems are provided to prove the convergence of the RACZNN model. Finally, corresponding quantitative numerical experiments are designed and performed in this paper to verify the performance of the proposed RACZNN model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Emergent Random Access Protocol for LEO Satellite Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01765">arxiv:2112.01765</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ju-Hyung Lee, Hyowoon Seo, Jihong Park, Mehdi Bennis, Young-Chai Ko</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A mega-constellation of low-altitude earth orbit (LEO) satellites (SATs) are envisaged to provide a global coverage SAT network in beyond fifth-generation (5G) cellular systems. LEO SAT networks exhibit extremely long link distances of many users under time-varying SAT network topology. This makes existing multiple access protocols, such as random access channel (RACH) based cellular protocol designed for fixed terrestrial network topology, ill-suited. To overcome this issue, in this paper, we propose a novel grant-free random access solution for LEO SAT networks, dubbed emergent random access channel protocol (eRACH). In stark contrast to existing model-based and standardized protocols, eRACH is a model-free approach that emerges through interaction with the non-stationary network environment, using multi-agent deep reinforcement learning (MADRL). Furthermore, by exploiting known SAT orbiting patterns, eRACH does not require central coordination or additional communication across users, while training convergence is stabilized through the regular orbiting patterns. Compared to RACH, we show from various simulations that our proposed eRACH yields 54.6% higher average network throughput with around two times lower average access delay while achieving 0.989 Jain's fairness index.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Single-Shot Black-Box Adversarial Attacks Against Malware Detectors: A Causal Language Model Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01724">arxiv:2112.01724</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>James Lee Hu, Mohammadreza Ebrahimi, Hsinchun Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Learning (DL)-based malware detectors are increasingly adopted for early detection of malicious behavior in cybersecurity. However, their sensitivity to adversarial malware variants has raised immense security concerns. Generating such adversarial variants by the defender is crucial to improving the resistance of DL-based malware detectors against them. This necessity has given rise to an emerging stream of machine learning research, Adversarial Malware example Generation (AMG), which aims to generate evasive adversarial malware variants that preserve the malicious functionality of a given malware. Within AMG research, black-box method has gained more attention than white-box methods. However, most black-box AMG methods require numerous interactions with the malware detectors to generate adversarial malware examples. Given that most malware detectors enforce a query limit, this could result in generating non-realistic adversarial examples that are likely to be detected in practice due to lack of stealth. In this study, we show that a novel DL-based causal language model enables single-shot evasion (i.e., with only one query to malware detector) by treating the content of the malware executable as a byte sequence and training a Generative Pre-Trained Transformer (GPT). Our proposed method, MalGPT, significantly outperformed the leading benchmark methods on a real-world malware dataset obtained from VirusTotal, achieving over 24.51\% evasion rate. MalGPT enables cybersecurity researchers to develop advanced defense capabilities by emulating large-scale realistic AMG.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Regularized Newton Method with Global $O(1/k^2)$ Convergence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02089">arxiv:2112.02089</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Konstantin Mishchenko</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a Newton-type method that converges fast from any initialization and for arbitrary convex objectives with Lipschitz Hessians. We achieve this by merging the ideas of cubic regularization with a certain adaptive Levenberg--Marquardt penalty. In particular, we show that the iterates given by $x^{k+1}=x^k - \bigl(\nabla^2 f(x^k) + \sqrt{H\|\nabla f(x^k)\|} \mathbf{I}\bigr)^{-1}\nabla f(x^k)$, where $H>0$ is a constant, converge globally with a $\mathcal{O}(\frac{1}{k^2})$ rate. Our method is the first variant of Newton's method that has both cheap iterations and provably fast global convergence. Moreover, we prove that locally our method converges superlinearly when the objective is strongly convex. To boost the method's performance, we present a line search procedure that does not need hyperparameters and is provably efficient.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast $L^2$ optimal mass transport via reduced basis methods for the Monge-Amp$\grave{\rm e}$re equation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01878">arxiv:2112.01878</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Shijin Hou, Yanlai Chen, Yinhua Xia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Repeatedly solving the parameterized optimal mass transport (pOMT) problem is a frequent task in applications such as image registration and adaptive grid generation. It is thus critical to develop a highly efficient reduced solver that is equally accurate as the full order model. In this paper, we propose such a machine learning-like method for pOMT by adapting a new reduced basis (RB) technique specifically designed for nonlinear equations, the reduced residual reduced over-collocation (R2-ROC) approach, to the parameterized Monge-Amp$\grave{\rm e}$re equation. It builds on top of a narrow-stencil finite different method (FDM), a so-called truth solver, which we propose in this paper for the Monge-Amp$\grave{\rm e}$re equation with a transport boundary. Together with the R2-ROC approach, it allows us to handle the strong and unique nonlinearity pertaining to the Monge-Amp$\grave{\rm e}$re equation achieving online efficiency without resorting to any direct approximation of the nonlinearity. Several challenging numerical tests demonstrate the accuracy and high efficiency of our method for solving the Monge-Amp$\grave{\rm e}$re equation with various parametric boundary conditions.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-12/2021-12-02.md)
