## Summary for 2021-08-22, created on 2021-12-19


<details><summary><b>Transferring Dexterous Manipulation from GPU Simulation to a Remote Real-World TriFinger</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09779">arxiv:2108.09779</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Arthur Allshire, Mayank Mittal, Varun Lodaya, Viktor Makoviychuk, Denys Makoviichuk, Felix Widmaier, Manuel Wüthrich, Stefan Bauer, Ankur Handa, Animesh Garg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a system for learning a challenging dexterous manipulation task involving moving a cube to an arbitrary 6-DoF pose with only 3-fingers trained with NVIDIA's IsaacGym simulator. We show empirical benefits, both in simulation and sim-to-real transfer, of using keypoints as opposed to position+quaternion representations for the object pose in 6-DoF for policy observations and in reward calculation to train a model-free reinforcement learning agent. By utilizing domain randomization strategies along with the keypoint representation of the pose of the manipulated object, we achieve a high success rate of 83% on a remote TriFinger system maintained by the organizers of the Real Robot Challenge. With the aim of assisting further research in learning in-hand manipulation, we make the codebase of our system, along with trained checkpoints that come with billions of steps of experience available, at https://s2r2-ig.github.io

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>All-Optical Synthesis of an Arbitrary Linear Transformation Using Diffractive Surfaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09833">arxiv:2108.09833</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Onur Kulce, Deniz Mengu, Yair Rivenson, Aydogan Ozcan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We report the design of diffractive surfaces to all-optically perform arbitrary complex-valued linear transformations between an input (N_i) and output (N_o), where N_i and N_o represent the number of pixels at the input and output fields-of-view (FOVs), respectively. First, we consider a single diffractive surface and use a matrix pseudoinverse-based method to determine the complex-valued transmission coefficients of the diffractive features/neurons to all-optically perform a desired/target linear transformation. In addition to this data-free design approach, we also consider a deep learning-based design method to optimize the transmission coefficients of diffractive surfaces by using examples of input/output fields corresponding to the target transformation. We compared the all-optical transformation errors and diffraction efficiencies achieved using data-free designs as well as data-driven (deep learning-based) diffractive designs to all-optically perform (i) arbitrarily-chosen complex-valued transformations including unitary, nonunitary and noninvertible transforms, (ii) 2D discrete Fourier transformation, (iii) arbitrary 2D permutation operations, and (iv) high-pass filtered coherent imaging. Our analyses reveal that if the total number (N) of spatially-engineered diffractive features/neurons is N_i x N_o or larger, both design methods succeed in all-optical implementation of the target transformation, achieving negligible error. However, compared to data-free designs, deep learning-based diffractive designs are found to achieve significantly larger diffraction efficiencies for a given N and their all-optical transformations are more accurate for N < N_i x N_o. These conclusions are generally applicable to various optical processors that employ spatially-engineered diffractive surfaces.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>New Trends in Quantum Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09664">arxiv:2108.09664</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Lorenzo Buffoni, Filippo Caruso</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Here we will give a perspective on new possible interplays between Machine Learning and Quantum Physics, including also practical cases and applications. We will explore the ways in which machine learning could benefit from new quantum technologies and algorithms to find new ways to speed up their computations by breakthroughs in physical hardware, as well as to improve existing models or devise new learning schemes in the quantum domain. Moreover, there are lots of experiments in quantum physics that do generate incredible amounts of data and machine learning would be a great tool to analyze those and make predictions, or even control the experiment itself. On top of that, data visualization techniques and other schemes borrowed from machine learning can be of great use to theoreticians to have better intuition on the structure of complex manifolds or to make predictions on theoretical models. This new research field, named as Quantum Machine Learning, is very rapidly growing since it is expected to provide huge advantages over its classical counterpart and deeper investigations are timely needed since they can be already tested on the already commercially available quantum machines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fluent: An AI Augmented Writing Tool for People who Stutter</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09918">arxiv:2108.09918</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Bhavya Ghai, Klaus Mueller</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Stuttering is a speech disorder which impacts the personal and professional lives of millions of people worldwide. To save themselves from stigma and discrimination, people who stutter (PWS) may adopt different strategies to conceal their stuttering. One of the common strategies is word substitution where an individual avoids saying a word they might stutter on and use an alternative instead. This process itself can cause stress and add more burden. In this work, we present Fluent, an AI augmented writing tool which assists PWS in writing scripts which they can speak more fluently. Fluent embodies a novel active learning based method of identifying words an individual might struggle pronouncing. Such words are highlighted in the interface. On hovering over any such word, Fluent presents a set of alternative words which have similar meaning but are easier to speak. The user is free to accept or ignore these suggestions. Based on such user interaction (feedback), Fluent continuously evolves its classifier to better suit the personalized needs of each user. We evaluated our tool by measuring its ability to identify difficult words for 10 simulated users. We found that our tool can identify difficult words with a mean accuracy of over 80% in under 20 interactions and it keeps improving with more feedback. Our tool can be beneficial for certain important life situations like giving a talk, presentation, etc. The source code for this tool has been made publicly accessible at github.com/bhavyaghai/Fluent.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Long-term, Short-term and Sudden Event: Trading Volume Movement Prediction with Graph-based Multi-view Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.11318">arxiv:2108.11318</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Liang Zhao, Wei Li, Ruihan Bao, Keiko Harimoto,  YunfangWu, Xu Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Trading volume movement prediction is the key in a variety of financial applications. Despite its importance, there is few research on this topic because of its requirement for comprehensive understanding of information from different sources. For instance, the relation between multiple stocks, recent transaction data and suddenly released events are all essential for understanding trading market. However, most of the previous methods only take the fluctuation information of the past few weeks into consideration, thus yielding poor performance. To handle this issue, we propose a graphbased approach that can incorporate multi-view information, i.e., long-term stock trend, short-term fluctuation and sudden events information jointly into a temporal heterogeneous graph. Besides, our method is equipped with deep canonical analysis to highlight the correlations between different perspectives of fluctuation for better prediction. Experiment results show that our method outperforms strong baselines by a large margin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Algorithms for Learning from Coarse Labels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09805">arxiv:2108.09805</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Dimitris Fotakis, Alkis Kalavasis, Vasilis Kontonis, Christos Tzamos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For many learning problems one may not have access to fine grained label information; e.g., an image can be labeled as husky, dog, or even animal depending on the expertise of the annotator. In this work, we formalize these settings and study the problem of learning from such coarse data. Instead of observing the actual labels from a set $\mathcal{Z}$, we observe coarse labels corresponding to a partition of $\mathcal{Z}$ (or a mixture of partitions).
  Our main algorithmic result is that essentially any problem learnable from fine grained labels can also be learned efficiently when the coarse data are sufficiently informative. We obtain our result through a generic reduction for answering Statistical Queries (SQ) over fine grained labels given only coarse labels. The number of coarse labels required depends polynomially on the information distortion due to coarsening and the number of fine labels $|\mathcal{Z}|$.
  We also investigate the case of (infinitely many) real valued labels focusing on a central problem in censored and truncated statistics: Gaussian mean estimation from coarse data. We provide an efficient algorithm when the sets in the partition are convex and establish that the problem is NP-hard even for very simple non-convex sets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph-Convolutional Deep Learning to Identify Optimized Molecular Configurations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09637">arxiv:2108.09637</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Eshan Joshi, Samuel Somuyiwa, Hossein Z. Jooya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tackling molecular optimization problems using conventional computational methods is challenging, because the determination of the optimized configuration is known to be an NP-hard problem. Recently, there has been increasing interest in applying different deep-learning techniques to benchmark molecular optimization tasks. In this work, we implement a graph-convolutional method to classify molecular structures using the equilibrium and non-equilibrium configurations provided in the QM7-X data set. Atomic forces are encoded in graph vertices and the substantial suppression in the total force magnitude on the atoms in the optimized structure is learned for the graph classification task. We demonstrate the results using two different graph pooling layers and compare their respective performances.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FRUGAL: Unlocking SSL for Software Analytics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09847">arxiv:2108.09847</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Huy Tu, Tim Menzies</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Standard software analytics often involves having a large amount of data with labels in order to commission models with acceptable performance. However, prior work has shown that such requirements can be expensive, taking several weeks to label thousands of commits, and not always available when traversing new research problems and domains. Unsupervised Learning is a promising direction to learn hidden patterns within unlabelled data, which has only been extensively studied in defect prediction. Nevertheless, unsupervised learning can be ineffective by itself and has not been explored in other domains (e.g., static analysis and issue close time).
  Motivated by this literature gap and technical limitations, we present FRUGAL, a tuned semi-supervised method that builds on a simple optimization scheme that does not require sophisticated (e.g., deep learners) and expensive (e.g., 100% manually labelled data) methods. FRUGAL optimizes the unsupervised learner's configurations (via a simple grid search) while validating our design decision of labelling just 2.5% of the data before prediction.
  As shown by the experiments of this paper FRUGAL outperforms the state-of-the-art adoptable static code warning recognizer and issue closed time predictor, while reducing the cost of labelling by a factor of 40 (from 100% to 2.5%). Hence we assert that FRUGAL can save considerable effort in data labelling especially in validating prior work or researching new problems.
  Based on this work, we suggest that proponents of complex and expensive methods should always baseline such methods against simpler and cheaper alternatives. For instance, a semi-supervised learner like FRUGAL can serve as a baseline to the state-of-the-art software analytics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Signed Bipartite Graph Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09638">arxiv:2108.09638</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Junjie Huang, Huawei Shen, Qi Cao, Shuchang Tao, Xueqi Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Signed networks are such social networks having both positive and negative links. A lot of theories and algorithms have been developed to model such networks (e.g., balance theory). However, previous work mainly focuses on the unipartite signed networks where the nodes have the same type. Signed bipartite networks are different from classical signed networks, which contain two different node sets and signed links between two node sets. Signed bipartite networks can be commonly found in many fields including business, politics, and academics, but have been less studied. In this work, we firstly define the signed relationship of the same set of nodes and provide a new perspective for analyzing signed bipartite networks. Then we do some comprehensive analysis of balance theory from two perspectives on several real-world datasets. Specifically, in the peer review dataset, we find that the ratio of balanced isomorphism in signed bipartite networks increased after rebuttal phases. Guided by these two perspectives, we propose a novel Signed Bipartite Graph Neural Networks (SBGNNs) to learn node embeddings for signed bipartite networks. SBGNNs follow most GNNs message-passing scheme, but we design new message functions, aggregation functions, and update functions for signed bipartite networks. We validate the effectiveness of our model on four real-world datasets on Link Sign Prediction task, which is the main machine learning task for signed networks. Experimental results show that our SBGNN model achieves significant improvement compared with strong baseline methods, including feature-based methods and network embedding methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Face Photo-Sketch Recognition Using Bidirectional Collaborative Synthesis Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09898">arxiv:2108.09898</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Seho Bae, Nizam Ud Din, Hyunkyu Park, Juneho Yi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This research features a deep-learning based framework to address the problem of matching a given face sketch image against a face photo database. The problem of photo-sketch matching is challenging because 1) there is large modality gap between photo and sketch, and 2) the number of paired training samples is insufficient to train deep learning based networks. To circumvent the problem of large modality gap, our approach is to use an intermediate latent space between the two modalities. We effectively align the distributions of the two modalities in this latent space by employing a bidirectional (photo -> sketch and sketch -> photo) collaborative synthesis network. A StyleGAN-like architecture is utilized to make the intermediate latent space be equipped with rich representation power. To resolve the problem of insufficient training samples, we introduce a three-step training scheme. Extensive evaluation on public composite face sketch database confirms superior performance of our method compared to existing state-of-the-art methods. The proposed methodology can be employed in matching other modality pairs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Quantifying Literals in Boolean Logic and Its Applications to Explainable AI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09876">arxiv:2108.09876</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Adnan Darwiche, Pierre Marquis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quantified Boolean logic results from adding operators to Boolean logic for existentially and universally quantifying variables. This extends the reach of Boolean logic by enabling a variety of applications that have been explored over the decades. The existential quantification of literals (variable states) and its applications have also been studied in the literature. In this paper, we complement this by studying universal literal quantification and its applications, particularly to explainable AI. We also provide a novel semantics for quantification, discuss the interplay between variable/literal and existential/universal quantification. We further identify some classes of Boolean formulas and circuits on which quantification can be done efficiently. Literal quantification is more fine-grained than variable quantification as the latter can be defined in terms of the former. This leads to a refinement of quantified Boolean logic with literal quantification as its primitive.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pi-NAS: Improving Neural Architecture Search by Reducing Supernet Training Consistency Shift</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09671">arxiv:2108.09671</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiefeng Peng, Jiqi Zhang, Changlin Li, Guangrun Wang, Xiaodan Liang, Liang Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently proposed neural architecture search (NAS) methods co-train billions of architectures in a supernet and estimate their potential accuracy using the network weights detached from the supernet. However, the ranking correlation between the architectures' predicted accuracy and their actual capability is incorrect, which causes the existing NAS methods' dilemma. We attribute this ranking correlation problem to the supernet training consistency shift, including feature shift and parameter shift. Feature shift is identified as dynamic input distributions of a hidden layer due to random path sampling. The input distribution dynamic affects the loss descent and finally affects architecture ranking. Parameter shift is identified as contradictory parameter updates for a shared layer lay in different paths in different training steps. The rapidly-changing parameter could not preserve architecture ranking. We address these two shifts simultaneously using a nontrivial supernet-Pi model, called Pi-NAS. Specifically, we employ a supernet-Pi model that contains cross-path learning to reduce the feature consistency shift between different paths. Meanwhile, we adopt a novel nontrivial mean teacher containing negative samples to overcome parameter shift and model collision. Furthermore, our Pi-NAS runs in an unsupervised manner, which can search for more transferable architectures. Extensive experiments on ImageNet and a wide range of downstream tasks (e.g., COCO 2017, ADE20K, and Cityscapes) demonstrate the effectiveness and universality of our Pi-NAS compared to supervised NAS. See Codes: https://github.com/Ernie1/Pi-NAS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Systematic Literature Review of Automated Query Reformulations in Source Code Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09646">arxiv:2108.09646</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mohammad Masudur Rahman, Chanchal K. Roy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Software developers often fix critical bugs to ensure the reliability of their software. They might also need to add new features to their software at a regular interval to stay competitive in the market. These bugs and features are reported as change requests (i.e., technical documents written by software users). Developers consult these documents to implement the required changes in the software code. As a part of change implementation, they often choose a few important keywords from a change request as an ad hoc query. Then they execute the query with a code search engine (e.g., Lucene) and attempt to find out the exact locations within the software code that need to be changed. Unfortunately, even experienced developers often fail to choose the right queries. As a consequence, the developers often experience difficulties in detecting the appropriate locations within the code and spend the majority of their time in numerous trials and errors. There have been many studies that attempt to support developers in constructing queries by automatically reformulating their ad hoc queries. In this systematic literature review, we carefully select 70 primary studies on query reformulations from 2,970 candidate studies, perform an in-depth qualitative analysis using the Grounded Theory approach, and then answer six important research questions. Our investigation has reported several major findings. First, to date, eight major methodologies (e.g., term weighting, query-term co-occurrence analysis, thesaurus lookup) have been adopted in query reformulation. Second, the existing studies suffer from several major limitations (e.g., lack of generalizability, vocabulary mismatch problem, weak evaluation, the extra burden on the developers) that might prevent their wide adoption. Finally, we discuss several open issues in search query reformulations and suggest multiple future research opportunities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalizing RNN-Transducer to Out-Domain Audio via Sparse Self-Attention Layers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.10752">arxiv:2108.10752</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Juntae Kim, Jeehye Lee, Yoonhan Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recurrent neural network transducers (RNN-T) are a promising end-to-end speech recognition framework that transduces input acoustic frames into a character sequence. The state-of-the-art encoder network for RNN-T is the Conformer, which can effectively model the local-global context information via its convolution and self-attention layers. Although Conformer RNN-T has shown outstanding performance (measured by word error rate (WER) in general), most studies have been verified in the setting where the train and test data are drawn from the same domain. The domain mismatch problem for Conformer RNN-T has not been intensively investigated yet, which is an important issue for the product-level speech recognition system. In this study, we identified that fully connected self-attention layers in the Conformer caused high deletion errors, specifically in the long-form out-domain utterances. To address this problem, we introduce sparse self-attention layers for Conformer-based encoder networks, which can exploit local and generalized global information by pruning most of the in-domain fitted global connections. Further, we propose a state reset method for the generalization of the prediction network to cope with long-form utterances. Applying proposed methods to an out-domain test, we obtained 24.6\% and 6.5\% relative character error rate (CER) reduction compared to the fully connected and local self-attention layer-based Conformers, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>APObind: A Dataset of Ligand Unbound Protein Conformations for Machine Learning Applications in De Novo Drug Design</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09926">arxiv:2108.09926</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rishal Aggarwal, Akash Gupta, U Deva Priyakumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Protein-ligand complex structures have been utilised to design benchmark machine learning methods that perform important tasks related to drug design such as receptor binding site detection, small molecule docking and binding affinity prediction. However, these methods are usually trained on only ligand bound (or holo) conformations of the protein and therefore are not guaranteed to perform well when the protein structure is in its native unbound conformation (or apo), which is usually the conformation available for a newly identified receptor. A primary reason for this is that the local structure of the binding site usually changes upon ligand binding. To facilitate solutions for this problem, we propose a dataset called APObind that aims to provide apo conformations of proteins present in the PDBbind dataset, a popular dataset used in drug design. Furthermore, we explore the performance of methods specific to three use cases on this dataset, through which, the importance of validating them on the APObind dataset is demonstrated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Subject Envelope based Multitype Reconstruction Algorithm of Speech Samples of Parkinson's Disease</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09922">arxiv:2108.09922</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yongming Li, Chengyu Liu, Pin Wang, Hehua Zhang, Anhai Wei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The risk of Parkinson's disease (PD) is extremely serious, and PD speech recognition is an effective method of diagnosis nowadays. However, due to the influence of the disease stage, corpus, and other factors on data collection, the ability of every samples within one subject to reflect the status of PD vary. No samples are useless totally, and not samples are 100% perfect. This characteristic means that it is not suitable just to remove some samples or keep some samples. It is necessary to consider the sample transformation for obtaining high quality new samples. Unfortunately, existing PD speech recognition methods focus mainly on feature learning and classifier design rather than sample learning, and few methods consider the sample transformation. To solve the problem above, a PD speech sample transformation algorithm based on multitype reconstruction operators is proposed in this paper. The algorithm is divided into four major steps. Three types of reconstruction operators are designed in the algorithm: types A, B and C. Concerning the type A operator, the original dataset is directly reconstructed by designing a linear transformation to obtain the first dataset. The type B operator is designed for clustering and linear transformation of the dataset to obtain the second new dataset. The third operator, namely, the type C operator, reconstructs the dataset by clustering and convolution to obtain the third dataset. Finally, the base classifier is trained based on the three new datasets, and then the classification results are fused by decision weighting. In the experimental section, two representative PD speech datasets are used for verification. The results show that the proposed algorithm is effective. Compared with other algorithms, the proposed algorithm achieves apparent improvements in terms of classification accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Genetic Programming for Manifold Learning: Preserving Local Topology</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09914">arxiv:2108.09914</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Andrew Lensen, Bing Xue, Mengjie Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Manifold learning methods are an invaluable tool in today's world of increasingly huge datasets. Manifold learning algorithms can discover a much lower-dimensional representation (embedding) of a high-dimensional dataset through non-linear transformations that preserve the most important structure of the original data. State-of-the-art manifold learning methods directly optimise an embedding without mapping between the original space and the discovered embedded space. This makes interpretability - a key requirement in exploratory data analysis - nearly impossible. Recently, genetic programming has emerged as a very promising approach to manifold learning by evolving functional mappings from the original space to an embedding. However, genetic programming-based manifold learning has struggled to match the performance of other approaches. In this work, we propose a new approach to using genetic programming for manifold learning, which preserves local topology. This is expected to significantly improve performance on tasks where local neighbourhood structure (topology) is paramount. We compare our proposed approach with various baseline manifold learning methods and find that it often outperforms other methods, including a clear improvement over previous genetic programming approaches. These results are particularly promising, given the potential interpretability and reusability of the evolved mappings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Burst Imaging for Light-Constrained Structure-From-Motion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09895">arxiv:2108.09895</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ahalya Ravendran, Mitch Bryson, Donald G. Dansereau</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Images captured under extremely low light conditions are noise-limited, which can cause existing robotic vision algorithms to fail. In this paper we develop an image processing technique for aiding 3D reconstruction from images acquired in low light conditions. Our technique, based on burst photography, uses direct methods for image registration within bursts of short exposure time images to improve the robustness and accuracy of feature-based structure-from-motion (SfM). We demonstrate improved SfM performance in challenging light-constrained scenes, including quantitative evaluations that show improved feature performance and camera pose estimates. Additionally, we show that our method converges more frequently to correct reconstructions than the state-of-the-art. Our method is a significant step towards allowing robots to operate in low light conditions, with potential applications to robots operating in environments such as underground mines and night time operation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DTWSSE: Data Augmentation with a Siamese Encoder for Time Series</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09885">arxiv:2108.09885</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xinyu Yang, Xinlan Zhang, Zhenguo Zhang, Yahui Zhao, Rongyi Cui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Access to labeled time series data is often limited in the real world, which constrains the performance of deep learning models in the field of time series analysis. Data augmentation is an effective way to solve the problem of small sample size and imbalance in time series datasets. The two key factors of data augmentation are the distance metric and the choice of interpolation method. SMOTE does not perform well on time series data because it uses a Euclidean distance metric and interpolates directly on the object. Therefore, we propose a DTW-based synthetic minority oversampling technique using siamese encoder for interpolation named DTWSSE. In order to reasonably measure the distance of the time series, DTW, which has been verified to be an effective method forts, is employed as the distance metric. To adapt the DTW metric, we use an autoencoder trained in an unsupervised self-training manner for interpolation. The encoder is a Siamese Neural Network for mapping the time series data from the DTW hidden space to the Euclidean deep feature space, and the decoder is used to map the deep feature space back to the DTW hidden space. We validate the proposed methods on a number of different balanced or unbalanced time series datasets. Experimental results show that the proposed method can lead to better performance of the downstream deep learning model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convex Latent Effect Logit Model via Sparse and Low-rank Decomposition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09859">arxiv:2108.09859</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hongyuan Zhan, Kamesh Madduri, Venkataraman Shankar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a convex formulation for learning logistic regression model (logit) with latent heterogeneous effect on sub-population. In transportation, logistic regression and its variants are often interpreted as discrete choice models under utility theory (McFadden, 2001). Two prominent applications of logit models in the transportation domain are traffic accident analysis and choice modeling. In these applications, researchers often want to understand and capture the individual variation under the same accident or choice scenario. The mixed effect logistic regression (mixed logit) is a popular model employed by transportation researchers. To estimate the distribution of mixed logit parameters, a non-convex optimization problem with nested high-dimensional integrals needs to be solved. Simulation-based optimization is typically applied to solve the mixed logit parameter estimation problem. Despite its popularity, the mixed logit approach for learning individual heterogeneity has several downsides. First, the parametric form of the distribution requires domain knowledge and assumptions imposed by users, although this issue can be addressed to some extent by using a non-parametric approach. Second, the optimization problems arise from parameter estimation for mixed logit and the non-parametric extensions are non-convex, which leads to unstable model interpretation. Third, the simulation size in simulation-assisted estimation lacks finite-sample theoretical guarantees and is chosen somewhat arbitrarily in practice. To address these issues, we are motivated to develop a formulation that models the latent individual heterogeneity while preserving convexity, and avoids the need for simulation-based approximation. Our setup is based on decomposing the parameters into a sparse homogeneous component in the population and low-rank heterogeneous parts for each individual.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Electroencephalogram Signal Processing with Independent Component Analysis and Cognitive Stress Classification using Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09817">arxiv:2108.09817</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Venkatakrishnan Sutharsan, Alagappan Swaminathan, Saisrinivasan Ramachandran, Madan Kumar Lakshmanan, Balaji Mahadevan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Electroencephalogram (EEG) is the recording which is the result due to the activity of bio-electrical signals that is acquired from electrodes placed on the scalp. In Electroencephalogram signal(EEG) recordings, the signals obtained are contaminated predominantly by the Electrooculogram(EOG) signal. Since this artifact has higher magnitude compared to EEG signals, these noise signals have to be removed in order to have a better understanding regarding the functioning of a human brain for applications such as medical diagnosis. This paper proposes an idea of using Independent Component Analysis(ICA) along with cross-correlation to de-noise EEG signal. This is done by selecting the component based on the cross-correlation coefficient with a threshold value and reducing its effect instead of zeroing it out completely, thus reducing the information loss. The results of the recorded data show that this algorithm can eliminate the EOG signal artifact with little loss in EEG data. The denoising is verified by an increase in SNR value and the decrease in cross-correlation coefficient value. The denoised signals are used to train an Artificial Neural Network(ANN) which would examine the features of the input EEG signal and predict the stress levels of the individual.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Wind Power Projection using Weather Forecasts by Novel Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09797">arxiv:2108.09797</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alagappan Swaminathan, Venkatakrishnan Sutharsan, Tamilselvi Selvaraj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The transition from conventional methods of energy production to renewable energy production necessitates better prediction models of the upcoming supply of renewable energy. In wind power production, error in forecasting production is impossible to negate owing to the intermittence of wind. For successful power grid integration, it is crucial to understand the uncertainties that arise in predicting wind power production and use this information to build an accurate and reliable forecast. This can be achieved by observing the fluctuations in wind power production with changes in different parameters such as wind speed, temperature, and wind direction, and deriving functional dependencies for the same. Using optimized machine learning algorithms, it is possible to find obscured patterns in the observations and obtain meaningful data, which can then be used to accurately predict wind power requirements . Utilizing the required data provided by the Gamesa's wind farm at Bableshwar, the paper explores the use of both parametric and the non-parametric models for calculating wind power prediction using power curves. The obtained results are subject to comparison to better understand the accuracy of the utilized models and to determine the most suitable model for predicting wind power production based on the given data set.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A universally consistent learning rule with a universally monotone error</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09733">arxiv:2108.09733</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Vladimir Pestov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a universally consistent learning rule whose expected error is monotone non-increasing with the sample size under every data distribution. The question of existence of such rules was brought up in 1996 by Devroye, Györfi and Lugosi (who called them "smart"). Our rule is fully deterministic, a data-dependent partitioning rule constructed in an arbitrary domain (a standard Borel space) using a cyclic order. The central idea is to only partition at each step those cyclic intervals that exhibit a sufficient empirical diversity of labels, thus avoiding a region where the error function is convex.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FEDI: Few-shot learning based on Earth Mover's Distance algorithm combined with deep residual network to identify diabetic retinopathy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09711">arxiv:2108.09711</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Liangrui Pan, Boya Ji, Peng Xi, Xiaoqi Wang, Mitchai Chongcheawchamnan, Shaoliang Peng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Diabetic retinopathy(DR) is the main cause of blindness in diabetic patients. However, DR can easily delay the occurrence of blindness through the diagnosis of the fundus. In view of the reality, it is difficult to collect a large amount of diabetic retina data in clinical practice. This paper proposes a few-shot learning model of a deep residual network based on Earth Mover's Distance algorithm to assist in diagnosing DR. We build training and validation classification tasks for few-shot learning based on 39 categories of 1000 sample data, train deep residual networks, and obtain experience maximization pre-training models. Based on the weights of the pre-trained model, the Earth Mover's Distance algorithm calculates the distance between the images, obtains the similarity between the images, and changes the model's parameters to improve the accuracy of the training model. Finally, the experimental construction of the small sample classification task of the test set to optimize the model further, and finally, an accuracy of 93.5667% on the 3way10shot task of the diabetic retina test set. For the experimental code and results, please refer to: https://github.com/panliangrui/few-shot-learning-funds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rainfall-runoff prediction using a Gustafson-Kessel clustering based Takagi-Sugeno Fuzzy model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09684">arxiv:2108.09684</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Subhrasankha Dey, Tanmoy Dam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A rainfall-runoff model predicts surface runoff either using a physically-based approach or using a systems-based approach. Takagi-Sugeno (TS) Fuzzy models are systems-based approaches and a popular modeling choice for hydrologists in recent decades due to several advantages and improved accuracy in prediction over other existing models. In this paper, we propose a new rainfall-runoff model developed using Gustafson-Kessel (GK) clustering-based TS Fuzzy model. We present comparative performance measures of GK algorithms with two other clustering algorithms: (i) Fuzzy C-Means (FCM), and (ii)Subtractive Clustering (SC). Our proposed TS Fuzzy model predicts surface runoff using: (i) observed rainfall in a drainage basin and (ii) previously observed precipitation flow in the basin outlet. The proposed model is validated using the rainfall-runoff data collected from the sensors installed on the campus of the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur. The optimal number of rules of the proposed model is obtained by different validation indices. A comparative study of four performance criteria: RootMean Square Error (RMSE), Coefficient of Efficiency (CE), Volumetric Error (VE), and Correlation Coefficient of Determination(R) have been quantitatively demonstrated for each clustering algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Gaussian Neural Processes for Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09676">arxiv:2108.09676</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Stratis Markou, James Requeima, Wessel Bruinsma, Richard Turner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Conditional Neural Processes (CNP; Garnelo et al., 2018) are an attractive family of meta-learning models which produce well-calibrated predictions, enable fast inference at test time, and are trainable via a simple maximum likelihood procedure. A limitation of CNPs is their inability to model dependencies in the outputs. This significantly hurts predictive performance and renders it impossible to draw coherent function samples, which limits the applicability of CNPs in down-stream applications and decision making. Neural Processes (NPs; Garnelo et al., 2018) attempt to alleviate this issue by using latent variables, relying on these to model output dependencies, but introduces difficulties stemming from approximate inference. One recent alternative (Bruinsma et al., 2021), which we refer to as the FullConvGNP, models dependencies in the predictions while still being trainable via exact maximum-likelihood. Unfortunately, the FullConvGNP relies on expensive 2D-dimensional convolutions, which limit its applicability to only one-dimensional data. In this work, we present an alternative way to model output dependencies which also lends itself maximum likelihood training but, unlike the FullConvGNP, can be scaled to two- and three-dimensional data. The proposed models exhibit good performance in synthetic experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evolutionary Ensemble Learning for Multivariate Time Series Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09659">arxiv:2108.09659</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hui Song, A. K. Qin, Flora D. Salim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multivariate time series (MTS) prediction plays a key role in many fields such as finance, energy and transport, where each individual time series corresponds to the data collected from a certain data source, so-called channel. A typical pipeline of building an MTS prediction model (PM) consists of selecting a subset of channels among all available ones, extracting features from the selected channels, and building a PM based on the extracted features, where each component involves certain optimization tasks, i.e., selection of channels, feature extraction (FE) methods, and PMs as well as configuration of the selected FE method and PM. Accordingly, pursuing the best prediction performance corresponds to optimizing the pipeline by solving all of its involved optimization problems. This is a non-trivial task due to the vastness of the solution space. Different from most of the existing works which target at optimizing certain components of the pipeline, we propose a novel evolutionary ensemble learning framework to optimize the entire pipeline in a holistic manner. In this framework, a specific pipeline is encoded as a candidate solution and a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm is applied under different population sizes to produce multiple Pareto optimal sets (POSs). Finally, selective ensemble learning is designed to choose the optimal subset of solutions from the POSs and combine them to yield final prediction by using greedy sequential selection and least square methods. We implement the proposed framework and evaluate our implementation on two real-world applications, i.e., electricity consumption prediction and air quality prediction. The performance comparison with state-of-the-art techniques demonstrates the superiority of the proposed approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep survival analysis with longitudinal X-rays for COVID-19</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09641">arxiv:2108.09641</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Michelle Shu, Richard Strong Bowen, Charles Herrmann, Gengmo Qi, Michele Santacatterina, Ramin Zabih</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Time-to-event analysis is an important statistical tool for allocating clinical resources such as ICU beds. However, classical techniques like the Cox model cannot directly incorporate images due to their high dimensionality. We propose a deep learning approach that naturally incorporates multiple, time-dependent imaging studies as well as non-imaging data into time-to-event analysis. Our techniques are benchmarked on a clinical dataset of 1,894 COVID-19 patients, and show that image sequences significantly improve predictions. For example, classical time-to-event methods produce a concordance error of around 30-40% for predicting hospital admission, while our error is 25% without images and 20% with multiple X-rays included. Ablation studies suggest that our models are not learning spurious features such as scanner artifacts. While our focus and evaluation is on COVID-19, the methods we develop are broadly applicable.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rate distortion comparison of a few gradient quantizers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09899">arxiv:2108.09899</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tharindu Adikari</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This article is in the context of gradient compression. Gradient compression is a popular technique for mitigating the communication bottleneck observed when training large machine learning models in a distributed manner using gradient-based methods such as stochastic gradient descent. In this article, assuming a Gaussian distribution for the components in gradient, we find the rate distortion trade-off of gradient quantization schemes such as Scaled-sign and Top-K, and compare with the Shannon rate distortion limit. A similar comparison with vector quantizers also is presented.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Adversarial Learning Based Approach for Unknown View Tomographic Reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09873">arxiv:2108.09873</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mona Zehni, Zhizhen Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The goal of 2D tomographic reconstruction is to recover an image given its projections from various views. It is often presumed that projection angles associated with the projections are known in advance. Under certain situations, however, these angles are known only approximately or are completely unknown. It becomes more challenging to reconstruct the image from a collection of random projections. We propose an adversarial learning based approach to recover the image and the projection angle distribution by matching the empirical distribution of the measurements with the generated data. Fitting the distributions is achieved through solving a min-max game between a generator and a critic based on Wasserstein generative adversarial network structure. To accommodate the update of the projection angle distribution through gradient back propagation, we approximate the loss using the Gumbel-Softmax reparameterization of samples from discrete distributions. Our theoretical analysis verifies the unique recovery of the image and the projection distribution up to a rotation and reflection upon convergence. Our extensive numerical experiments showcase the potential of our method to accurately recover the image and the projection angle distribution under noise contamination.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data Augmentation Using Many-To-Many RNNs for Session-Aware Recommender Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09858">arxiv:2108.09858</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Martín Baigorria Alonso</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The ACM WSDM WebTour 2021 Challenge organized by Booking.com focuses on applying Session-Aware recommender systems in the travel domain. Given a sequence of travel bookings in a user trip, we look to recommend the user's next destination. To handle the large dimensionality of the output's space, we propose a many-to-many RNN model, predicting the next destination chosen by the user at every sequence step as opposed to only the final one. We show how this is a computationally efficient alternative to doing data augmentation in a many-to-one RNN, where we consider every subsequence of a session starting from the first element. Our solution achieved 4th place in the final leaderboard, with an accuracy@4 of 0.5566.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Transformer Architecture for Stress Detection from ECG</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09737">arxiv:2108.09737</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Behnam Behinaein, Anubhav Bhatti, Dirk Rodenburg, Paul Hungler, Ali Etemad</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Electrocardiogram (ECG) has been widely used for emotion recognition. This paper presents a deep neural network based on convolutional layers and a transformer mechanism to detect stress using ECG signals. We perform leave-one-subject-out experiments on two publicly available datasets, WESAD and SWELL-KW, to evaluate our method. Our experiments show that the proposed model achieves strong results, comparable or better than the state-of-the-art models for ECG-based stress detection on these two datasets. Moreover, our method is end-to-end, does not require handcrafted features, and can learn robust representations with only a few convolutional blocks and the transformer component.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evolving Evolutionary Algorithms using Multi Expression Programming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.13737">arxiv:2109.13737</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Mihai Oltean, Crina Groşan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Finding the optimal parameter setting (i.e. the optimal population size, the optimal mutation probability, the optimal evolutionary model etc) for an Evolutionary Algorithm (EA) is a difficult task. Instead of evolving only the parameters of the algorithm we will evolve an entire EA capable of solving a particular problem. For this purpose the Multi Expression Programming (MEP) technique is used. Each MEP chromosome will encode multiple EAs. An nongenerational EA for function optimization is evolved in this paper. Numerical experiments show the effectiveness of this approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sarcasm Detection in Twitter -- Performance Impact while using Data Augmentation: Word Embeddings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09924">arxiv:2108.09924</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Alif Tri Handoyo,  Hidayaturrahman, Derwin Suhartono</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sarcasm is the use of words usually used to either mock or annoy someone, or for humorous purposes. Sarcasm is largely used in social networks and microblogging websites, where people mock or censure in a way that makes it difficult even for humans to tell if what is said is what is meant. Failure to identify sarcastic utterances in Natural Language Processing applications such as sentiment analysis and opinion mining will confuse classification algorithms and generate false results. Several studies on sarcasm detection have utilized different learning algorithms. However, most of these learning models have always focused on the contents of expression only, leaving the contextual information in isolation. As a result, they failed to capture the contextual information in the sarcastic expression. Moreover, some datasets used in several studies have an unbalanced dataset which impacting the model result. In this paper, we propose a contextual model for sarcasm identification in twitter using RoBERTa, and augmenting the dataset by applying Global Vector representation (GloVe) for the construction of word embedding and context learning to generate more data and balancing the dataset. The effectiveness of this technique is tested with various datasets and data augmentation settings. In particular, we achieve performance gain by 3.2% in the iSarcasm dataset when using data augmentation to increase 20% of data labeled as sarcastic, resulting F-score of 40.4% compared to 37.2% without data augmentation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Mini-batch Optimal Transport via Partial Transportation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.09645">arxiv:2108.09645</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Khai Nguyen, Dang Nguyen, Tung Pham, Nhat Ho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Mini-batch optimal transport (m-OT) has been widely used recently to deal with the memory issue of OT in large-scale applications. Despite their practicality, m-OT suffers from misspecified mappings, namely, mappings that are optimal on the mini-batch level but are partially wrong in the comparison with the optimal transportation plan between the original measures. To address the misspecified mappings issue, we propose a novel mini-batch method by using partial optimal transport (POT) between mini-batch empirical measures, which we refer to as mini-batch partial optimal transport (m-POT). Leveraging the insight from the partial transportation, we explain the source of misspecified mappings from the m-OT and motivate why limiting the amount of transported masses among mini-batches via POT can alleviate the incorrect mappings. Finally, we carry out extensive experiments on various applications to compare m-POT with m-OT and recently proposed mini-batch method, mini-batch unbalanced optimal transport (m-UOT). We observe that m-POT is better than m-OT in deep domain adaptation applications while having comparable performance with m-UOT. On other applications, such as deep generative model and color transfer, m-POT yields more favorable performance than m-OT while m-UOT is non-trivial to apply.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/08/21/2021.08.21.html' | relative_url }})
