## Summary for 2021-07-31, created on 2021-12-21


<details><summary><b>ECLARE: Extreme Classification with Label Graph Correlations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00261">arxiv:2108.00261</a>
&#x1F4C8; 15 <br>
<p>Anshul Mittal, Noveen Sachdeva, Sheshansh Agrawal, Sumeet Agarwal, Purushottam Kar, Manik Varma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep extreme classification (XC) seeks to train deep architectures that can tag a data point with its most relevant subset of labels from an extremely large label set. The core utility of XC comes from predicting labels that are rarely seen during training. Such rare labels hold the key to personalized recommendations that can delight and surprise a user. However, the large number of rare labels and small amount of training data per rare label offer significant statistical and computational challenges. State-of-the-art deep XC methods attempt to remedy this by incorporating textual descriptions of labels but do not adequately address the problem. This paper presents ECLARE, a scalable deep learning architecture that incorporates not only label text, but also label correlations, to offer accurate real-time predictions within a few milliseconds. Core contributions of ECLARE include a frugal architecture and scalable techniques to train deep models along with label correlation graphs at the scale of millions of labels. In particular, ECLARE offers predictions that are 2 to 14% more accurate on both publicly available benchmark datasets as well as proprietary datasets for a related products recommendation task sourced from the Bing search engine. Code for ECLARE is available at https://github.com/Extreme-classification/ECLARE.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Hypothesis for the Aesthetic Appreciation in Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.02646">arxiv:2108.02646</a>
&#x1F4C8; 14 <br>
<p>Xu Cheng, Xin Wang, Haotian Xue, Zhengyang Liang, Quanshi Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes a hypothesis for the aesthetic appreciation that aesthetic images make a neural network strengthen salient concepts and discard inessential concepts. In order to verify this hypothesis, we use multi-variate interactions to represent salient concepts and inessential concepts contained in images. Furthermore, we design a set of operations to revise images towards more beautiful ones. In experiments, we find that the revised images are more aesthetic than the original ones to some extent.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DCT2net: an interpretable shallow CNN for image denoising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.14803">arxiv:2107.14803</a>
&#x1F4C8; 11 <br>
<p>Sébastien Herbreteau, Charles Kervrann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work tackles the issue of noise removal from images, focusing on the well-known DCT image denoising algorithm. The latter, stemming from signal processing, has been well studied over the years. Though very simple, it is still used in crucial parts of state-of-the-art "traditional" denoising algorithms such as BM3D. Since a few years however, deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) have outperformed their traditional counterparts, making signal processing methods less attractive. In this paper, we demonstrate that a DCT denoiser can be seen as a shallow CNN and thereby its original linear transform can be tuned through gradient descent in a supervised manner, improving considerably its performance. This gives birth to a fully interpretable CNN called DCT2net. To deal with remaining artifacts induced by DCT2net, an original hybrid solution between DCT and DCT2net is proposed combining the best that these two methods can offer; DCT2net is selected to process non-stationary image patches while DCT is optimal for piecewise smooth patches. Experiments on artificially noisy images demonstrate that two-layer DCT2net provides comparable results to BM3D and is as fast as DnCNN algorithm composed of more than a dozen of layers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Chest ImaGenome Dataset for Clinical Reasoning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00316">arxiv:2108.00316</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Joy T. Wu, Nkechinyere N. Agu, Ismini Lourentzou, Arjun Sharma, Joseph A. Paguio, Jasper S. Yao, Edward C. Dee, William Mitchell, Satyananda Kashyap, Andrea Giovannini, Leo A. Celi, Mehdi Moradi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the progress in automatic detection of radiologic findings from chest X-ray (CXR) images in recent years, a quantitative evaluation of the explainability of these models is hampered by the lack of locally labeled datasets for different findings. With the exception of a few expert-labeled small-scale datasets for specific findings, such as pneumonia and pneumothorax, most of the CXR deep learning models to date are trained on global "weak" labels extracted from text reports, or trained via a joint image and unstructured text learning strategy. Inspired by the Visual Genome effort in the computer vision community, we constructed the first Chest ImaGenome dataset with a scene graph data structure to describe $242,072$ images. Local annotations are automatically produced using a joint rule-based natural language processing (NLP) and atlas-based bounding box detection pipeline. Through a radiologist constructed CXR ontology, the annotations for each CXR are connected as an anatomy-centered scene graph, useful for image-level reasoning and multimodal fusion applications. Overall, we provide: i) $1,256$ combinations of relation annotations between $29$ CXR anatomical locations (objects with bounding box coordinates) and their attributes, structured as a scene graph per image, ii) over $670,000$ localized comparison relations (for improved, worsened, or no change) between the anatomical locations across sequential exams, as well as ii) a manually annotated gold standard scene graph dataset from $500$ unique patients.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning with Noisy Labels via Sparse Regularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00192">arxiv:2108.00192</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Xiong Zhou, Xianming Liu, Chenyang Wang, Deming Zhai, Junjun Jiang, Xiangyang Ji</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning with noisy labels is an important and challenging task for training accurate deep neural networks. Some commonly-used loss functions, such as Cross Entropy (CE), suffer from severe overfitting to noisy labels. Robust loss functions that satisfy the symmetric condition were tailored to remedy this problem, which however encounter the underfitting effect. In this paper, we theoretically prove that \textbf{any loss can be made robust to noisy labels} by restricting the network output to the set of permutations over a fixed vector. When the fixed vector is one-hot, we only need to constrain the output to be one-hot, which however produces zero gradients almost everywhere and thus makes gradient-based optimization difficult. In this work, we introduce the sparse regularization strategy to approximate the one-hot constraint, which is composed of network output sharpening operation that enforces the output distribution of a network to be sharp and the $\ell_p$-norm ($p\le 1$) regularization that promotes the network output to be sparse. This simple approach guarantees the robustness of arbitrary loss functions while not hindering the fitting ability. Experimental results demonstrate that our method can significantly improve the performance of commonly-used loss functions in the presence of noisy labels and class imbalance, and outperform the state-of-the-art methods. The code is available at https://github.com/hitcszx/lnl_sr.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SyDog: A Synthetic Dog Dataset for Improved 2D Pose Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00249">arxiv:2108.00249</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Moira Shooter, Charles Malleson, Adrian Hilton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Estimating the pose of animals can facilitate the understanding of animal motion which is fundamental in disciplines such as biomechanics, neuroscience, ethology, robotics and the entertainment industry. Human pose estimation models have achieved high performance due to the huge amount of training data available. Achieving the same results for animal pose estimation is challenging due to the lack of animal pose datasets. To address this problem we introduce SyDog: a synthetic dataset of dogs containing ground truth pose and bounding box coordinates which was generated using the game engine, Unity. We demonstrate that pose estimation models trained on SyDog achieve better performance than models trained purely on real data and significantly reduce the need for the labour intensive labelling of images. We release the SyDog dataset as a training and evaluation benchmark for research in animal motion.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Embeddings that Capture Spatial Semantics for Indoor Navigation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00159">arxiv:2108.00159</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Vidhi Jain, Prakhar Agarwal, Shishir Patil, Katia Sycara</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Incorporating domain-specific priors in search and navigation tasks has shown promising results in improving generalization and sample complexity over end-to-end trained policies. In this work, we study how object embeddings that capture spatial semantic priors can guide search and navigation tasks in a structured environment. We know that humans can search for an object like a book, or a plate in an unseen house, based on the spatial semantics of bigger objects detected. For example, a book is likely to be on a bookshelf or a table, whereas a plate is likely to be in a cupboard or dishwasher. We propose a method to incorporate such spatial semantic awareness in robots by leveraging pre-trained language models and multi-relational knowledge bases as object embeddings. We demonstrate using these object embeddings to search a query object in an unseen indoor environment. We measure the performance of these embeddings in an indoor simulator (AI2Thor). We further evaluate different pre-trained embedding onSuccess Rate(SR) and success weighted by Path Length(SPL).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detecting Propaganda on the Sentence Level during the COVID-19 Pandemic</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.12269">arxiv:2108.12269</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Rong-Ching Chang, Chu-Hsing Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The spread of misinformation, conspiracy, and questionable content and information manipulation by foreign adversaries on social media has surged along with the COVID-19 pandemic. Such malicious cyber-enabled actions may cause increasing social polarization, health crises, and property loss. In this paper, using fine-tuned contextualized embedding trained on Reddit, we tackle the detection of the propaganda of such user accounts and their targeted issues on Twitter during March 2020 when the COVID-19 epidemic became recognized as a pandemic. Our result shows that the pro-China group appeared to be tweeting 35 to 115 times more than the neutral group. At the same time, neutral groups were tweeting more positive-attitude content and voicing alarm for the COVID-19 situation. The pro-China group was also using more call-for-action words on political issues not necessarily China-related.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unlimited Neighborhood Interaction for Heterogeneous Trajectory Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00238">arxiv:2108.00238</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Fang Zheng, Le Wang, Sanping Zhou, Wei Tang, Zhenxing Niu, Nanning Zheng, Gang Hua</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Understanding complex social interactions among agents is a key challenge for trajectory prediction. Most existing methods consider the interactions between pairwise traffic agents or in a local area, while the nature of interactions is unlimited, involving an uncertain number of agents and non-local areas simultaneously. Besides, they treat heterogeneous traffic agents the same, namely those among agents of different categories, while neglecting people's diverse reaction patterns toward traffic agents in ifferent categories. To address these problems, we propose a simple yet effective Unlimited Neighborhood Interaction Network (UNIN), which predicts trajectories of heterogeneous agents in multiple categories. Specifically, the proposed unlimited neighborhood interaction module generates the fused-features of all agents involved in an interaction simultaneously, which is adaptive to any number of agents and any range of interaction area. Meanwhile, a hierarchical graph attention module is proposed to obtain category-to-category interaction and agent-to-agent interaction. Finally, parameters of a Gaussian Mixture Model are estimated for generating the future trajectories. Extensive experimental results on benchmark datasets demonstrate a significant performance improvement of our method over the state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BadEncoder: Backdoor Attacks to Pre-trained Encoders in Self-Supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00352">arxiv:2108.00352</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jinyuan Jia, Yupei Liu, Neil Zhenqiang Gong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-supervised learning in computer vision aims to pre-train an image encoder using a large amount of unlabeled images or (image, text) pairs. The pre-trained image encoder can then be used as a feature extractor to build downstream classifiers for many downstream tasks with a small amount of or no labeled training data. In this work, we propose BadEncoder, the first backdoor attack to self-supervised learning. In particular, our BadEncoder injects backdoors into a pre-trained image encoder such that the downstream classifiers built based on the backdoored image encoder for different downstream tasks simultaneously inherit the backdoor behavior. We formulate our BadEncoder as an optimization problem and we propose a gradient descent based method to solve it, which produces a backdoored image encoder from a clean one. Our extensive empirical evaluation results on multiple datasets show that our BadEncoder achieves high attack success rates while preserving the accuracy of the downstream classifiers. We also show the effectiveness of BadEncoder using two publicly available, real-world image encoders, i.e., Google's image encoder pre-trained on ImageNet and OpenAI's Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) image encoder pre-trained on 400 million (image, text) pairs collected from the Internet. Moreover, we consider defenses including Neural Cleanse and MNTD (empirical defenses) as well as PatchGuard (a provable defense). Our results show that these defenses are insufficient to defend against BadEncoder, highlighting the needs for new defenses against our BadEncoder. Our code is publicly available at: https://github.com/jjy1994/BadEncoder.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Adversarially Robust and Domain Generalizable Stereo Matching by Rethinking DNN Feature Backbones</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00335">arxiv:2108.00335</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Kelvin Cheng, Christopher Healey, Tianfu Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Stereo matching has recently witnessed remarkable progress using Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). But, how robust are they? Although it has been well-known that DNNs often suffer from adversarial vulnerability with a catastrophic drop in performance, the situation is even worse in stereo matching. This paper first shows that a type of weak white-box attacks can overwhelm state-of-the-art methods. The attack is learned by a proposed stereo-constrained projected gradient descent (PGD) method in stereo matching. This observation raises serious concerns for the deployment of DNN-based stereo matching. Parallel to the adversarial vulnerability, DNN-based stereo matching is typically trained under the so-called simulation to reality pipeline, and thus domain generalizability is an important problem. This paper proposes to rethink the learnable DNN-based feature backbone towards adversarially-robust and domain generalizable stereo matching by completely removing it for matching. In experiments, the proposed method is tested in the SceneFlow dataset and the KITTI2015 benchmark, with promising results. We compute the matching cost volume using the classic multi-scale census transform (i.e., local binary pattern) of the raw input stereo images, followed by a stacked Hourglass head sub-network solving the matching problem. It significantly improves the adversarial robustness, while retaining accuracy performance comparable to state-of-the-art methods. It also shows better generalizability from simulation (SceneFlow) to real (KITTI) datasets when no fine-tuning is used.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conditional Bures Metric for Domain Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00302">arxiv:2108.00302</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>You-Wei Luo, Chuan-Xian Ren</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As a vital problem in classification-oriented transfer, unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) has attracted widespread attention in recent years. Previous UDA methods assume the marginal distributions of different domains are shifted while ignoring the discriminant information in the label distributions. This leads to classification performance degeneration in real applications. In this work, we focus on the conditional distribution shift problem which is of great concern to current conditional invariant models. We aim to seek a kernel covariance embedding for conditional distribution which remains yet unexplored. Theoretically, we propose the Conditional Kernel Bures (CKB) metric for characterizing conditional distribution discrepancy, and derive an empirical estimation for the CKB metric without introducing the implicit kernel feature map. It provides an interpretable approach to understand the knowledge transfer mechanism. The established consistency theory of the empirical estimation provides a theoretical guarantee for convergence. A conditional distribution matching network is proposed to learn the conditional invariant and discriminative features for UDA. Extensive experiments and analysis show the superiority of our proposed model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multivariate Time Series Imputation by Graph Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00298">arxiv:2108.00298</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Andrea Cini, Ivan Marisca, Cesare Alippi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Dealing with missing values and incomplete time series is a labor-intensive and time-consuming inevitable task when handling data coming from real-world applications. Effective spatio-temporal representations would allow imputation methods to reconstruct missing temporal data by exploiting information coming from sensors at different locations. However, standard methods fall short in capturing the nonlinear time and space dependencies existing within networks of interconnected sensors and do not take full advantage of the available - and often strong - relational information. Notably, most of state-of-the-art imputation methods based on deep learning do not explicitly model relational aspects and, in any case, do not exploit processing frameworks able to adequately represent structured spatio-temporal data. Conversely, graph neural networks have recently surged in popularity as both expressive and scalable tools for processing sequential data with relational inductive biases. In this work, we present the first assessment of graph neural networks in the context of multivariate time series imputation. In particular, we introduce a novel graph neural network architecture, named GRIL, which aims at reconstructing missing data in the different channels of a multivariate time series by learning spatial-temporal representations through message passing. Preliminary empirical results show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art methods in the imputation task on relevant benchmarks with mean absolute error improvements often higher than 20%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Word2Pix: Word to Pixel Cross Attention Transformer in Visual Grounding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00205">arxiv:2108.00205</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Heng Zhao, Joey Tianyi Zhou, Yew-Soon Ong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Current one-stage methods for visual grounding encode the language query as one holistic sentence embedding before fusion with visual feature. Such a formulation does not treat each word of a query sentence on par when modeling language to visual attention, therefore prone to neglect words which are less important for sentence embedding but critical for visual grounding. In this paper we propose Word2Pix: a one-stage visual grounding network based on encoder-decoder transformer architecture that enables learning for textual to visual feature correspondence via word to pixel attention. The embedding of each word from the query sentence is treated alike by attending to visual pixels individually instead of single holistic sentence embedding. In this way, each word is given equivalent opportunity to adjust the language to vision attention towards the referent target through multiple stacks of transformer decoder layers. We conduct the experiments on RefCOCO, RefCOCO+ and RefCOCOg datasets and the proposed Word2Pix outperforms existing one-stage methods by a notable margin. The results obtained also show that Word2Pix surpasses two-stage visual grounding models, while at the same time keeping the merits of one-stage paradigm namely end-to-end training and real-time inference speed intact.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CrossFormer: A Versatile Vision Transformer Hinging on Cross-scale Attention</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00154">arxiv:2108.00154</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Wenxiao Wang, Lu Yao, Long Chen, Binbin Lin, Deng Cai, Xiaofei He, Wei Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transformers have made great progress in dealing with computer vision tasks. However, existing vision transformers do not yet possess the ability of building the interactions among features of different scales, which is perceptually important to visual inputs. The reasons are two-fold: (1) Input embeddings of each layer are equal-scale, so no cross-scale feature can be extracted; (2) to lower the computational cost, some vision transformers merge adjacent embeddings inside the self-attention module, thus sacrificing small-scale (fine-grained) features of the embeddings and also disabling the cross-scale interactions. To this end, we propose Cross-scale Embedding Layer (CEL) and Long Short Distance Attention (LSDA). On the one hand, CEL blends each embedding with multiple patches of different scales, providing the self-attention module itself with cross-scale features. On the other hand, LSDA splits the self-attention module into a short-distance one and a long-distance counterpart, which not only reduces the computational burden but also keeps both small-scale and large-scale features in the embeddings. Through the above two designs, we achieve cross-scale attention. Besides, we put forward a dynamic position bias for vision transformers to make the popular relative position bias apply to variable-sized images. Hinging on the cross-scale attention module, we construct a versatile vision architecture, dubbed CrossFormer, which accommodates variable-sized inputs. Extensive experiments show that CrossFormer outperforms the other vision transformers on image classification, object detection, instance segmentation, and semantic segmentation tasks. The code has been released: https://github.com/cheerss/CrossFormer.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptable image quality assessment using meta-reinforcement learning of task amenability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.04359">arxiv:2108.04359</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Shaheer U. Saeed, Yunguan Fu, Vasilis Stavrinides, Zachary M. C. Baum, Qianye Yang, Mirabela Rusu, Richard E. Fan, Geoffrey A. Sonn, J. Alison Noble, Dean C. Barratt, Yipeng Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The performance of many medical image analysis tasks are strongly associated with image data quality. When developing modern deep learning algorithms, rather than relying on subjective (human-based) image quality assessment (IQA), task amenability potentially provides an objective measure of task-specific image quality. To predict task amenability, an IQA agent is trained using reinforcement learning (RL) with a simultaneously optimised task predictor, such as a classification or segmentation neural network. In this work, we develop transfer learning or adaptation strategies to increase the adaptability of both the IQA agent and the task predictor so that they are less dependent on high-quality, expert-labelled training data. The proposed transfer learning strategy re-formulates the original RL problem for task amenability in a meta-reinforcement learning (meta-RL) framework. The resulting algorithm facilitates efficient adaptation of the agent to different definitions of image quality, each with its own Markov decision process environment including different images, labels and an adaptable task predictor. Our work demonstrates that the IQA agents pre-trained on non-expert task labels can be adapted to predict task amenability as defined by expert task labels, using only a small set of expert labels. Using 6644 clinical ultrasound images from 249 prostate cancer patients, our results for image classification and segmentation tasks show that the proposed IQA method can be adapted using data with as few as respective 19.7% and 29.6% expert-reviewed consensus labels and still achieve comparable IQA and task performance, which would otherwise require a training dataset with 100% expert labels.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A purely data-driven framework for prediction, optimization, and control of networked processes: application to networked SIS epidemic model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.02005">arxiv:2108.02005</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ali Tavasoli, Teague Henry, Heman Shakeri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Networks are landmarks of many complex phenomena where interweaving interactions between different agents transform simple local rule-sets into nonlinear emergent behaviors. While some recent studies unveil associations between the network structure and the underlying dynamical process, identifying stochastic nonlinear dynamical processes continues to be an outstanding problem. Here we develop a simple data-driven framework based on operator-theoretic techniques to identify and control stochastic nonlinear dynamics taking place over large-scale networks. The proposed approach requires no prior knowledge of the network structure and identifies the underlying dynamics solely using a collection of two-step snapshots of the states. This data-driven system identification is achieved by using the Koopman operator to find a low dimensional representation of the dynamical patterns that evolve linearly. Further, we use the global linear Koopman model to solve critical control problems by applying to model predictive control (MPC)--typically, a challenging proposition when applied to large networks. We show that our proposed approach tackles this by converting the original nonlinear programming into a more tractable optimization problem that is both convex and with far fewer variables.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Applications of Artificial Neural Networks in Microorganism Image Analysis: A Comprehensive Review from Conventional Multilayer Perceptron to Popular Convolutional Neural Network and Potential Visual Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00358">arxiv:2108.00358</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jinghua Zhang, Chen Li, Marcin Grzegorzek</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Microorganisms are widely distributed in the human daily living environment. They play an essential role in environmental pollution control, disease prevention and treatment, and food and drug production. The identification, counting, and detection are the basic steps for making full use of different microorganisms. However, the conventional analysis methods are expensive, laborious, and time-consuming. To overcome these limitations, artificial neural networks are applied for microorganism image analysis. We conduct this review to understand the development process of microorganism image analysis based on artificial neural networks. In this review, the background and motivation are introduced first. Then, the development of artificial neural networks and representative networks are introduced. After that, the papers related to microorganism image analysis based on classical and deep neural networks are reviewed from the perspectives of different tasks. In the end, the methodology analysis and potential direction are discussed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>UAV Trajectory Planning in Wireless Sensor Networks for Energy Consumption Minimization by Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00354">arxiv:2108.00354</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Botao Zhu, Ebrahim Bedeer, Ha H. Nguyen, Robert Barton, Jerome Henry</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have emerged as a promising candidate solution for data collection of large-scale wireless sensor networks (WSNs). In this paper, we investigate a UAV-aided WSN, where cluster heads (CHs) receive data from their member nodes, and a UAV is dispatched to collect data from CHs along the planned trajectory. We aim to minimize the total energy consumption of the UAV-WSN system in a complete round of data collection. Toward this end, we formulate the energy consumption minimization problem as a constrained combinatorial optimization problem by jointly selecting CHs from nodes within clusters and planning the UAV's visiting order to the selected CHs. The formulated energy consumption minimization problem is NP-hard, and hence, hard to solve optimally. In order to tackle this challenge, we propose a novel deep reinforcement learning (DRL) technique, pointer network-A* (Ptr-A*), which can efficiently learn from experiences the UAV trajectory policy for minimizing the energy consumption. The UAV's start point and the WSN with a set of pre-determined clusters are fed into the Ptr-A*, and the Ptr-A* outputs a group of CHs and the visiting order to these CHs, i.e., the UAV's trajectory. The parameters of the Ptr-A* are trained on small-scale clusters problem instances for faster training by using the actor-critic algorithm in an unsupervised manner. At inference, three search strategies are also proposed to improve the quality of solutions. Simulation results show that the trained models based on 20-clusters and 40-clusters have a good generalization ability to solve the UAV's trajectory planning problem in WSNs with different numbers of clusters, without the need to retrain the models. Furthermore, the results show that our proposed DRL algorithm outperforms two baseline techniques.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Faster Rates of Differentially Private Stochastic Convex Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00331">arxiv:2108.00331</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jinyan Su, Di Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we revisit the problem of Differentially Private Stochastic Convex Optimization (DP-SCO) and provide excess population risks for some special classes of functions that are faster than the previous results of general convex and strongly convex functions. In the first part of the paper, we study the case where the population risk function satisfies the Tysbakov Noise Condition (TNC) with some parameter $θ>1$. Specifically, we first show that under some mild assumptions on the loss functions, there is an algorithm whose output could achieve an upper bound of $\tilde{O}((\frac{1}{\sqrt{n}}+\frac{\sqrt{d\log \frac{1}δ}}{nε})^\fracθ{θ-1})$ for $(ε, δ)$-DP when $θ\geq 2$, here $n$ is the sample size and $d$ is the dimension of the space. Then we address the inefficiency issue, improve the upper bounds by $\text{Poly}(\log n)$ factors and extend to the case where $θ\geq \barθ>1$ for some known $\barθ$. Next we show that the excess population risk of population functions satisfying TNC with parameter $θ>1$ is always lower bounded by $Ω((\frac{d}{nε})^\fracθ{θ-1}) $ and $Ω((\frac{\sqrt{d\log \frac{1}δ}}{nε})^\fracθ{θ-1})$ for $ε$-DP and $(ε, δ)$-DP, respectively. In the second part, we focus on a special case where the population risk function is strongly convex. Unlike the previous studies, here we assume the loss function is {\em non-negative} and {\em the optimal value of population risk is sufficiently small}. With these additional assumptions, we propose a new method whose output could achieve an upper bound of $O(\frac{d\log\frac{1}δ}{n^2ε^2}+\frac{1}{n^τ})$ for any $τ\geq 1$ in $(ε,δ)$-DP model if the sample size $n$ is sufficiently large.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pure Exploration and Regret Minimization in Matching Bandits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00230">arxiv:2108.00230</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Flore Sentenac, Jialin Yi, Clément Calauzènes, Vianney Perchet, Milan Vojnovic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Finding an optimal matching in a weighted graph is a standard combinatorial problem. We consider its semi-bandit version where either a pair or a full matching is sampled sequentially. We prove that it is possible to leverage a rank-1 assumption on the adjacency matrix to reduce the sample complexity and the regret of off-the-shelf algorithms up to reaching a linear dependency in the number of vertices (up to poly log terms).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Greedy Network Enlarging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00177">arxiv:2108.00177</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Chuanjian Liu, Kai Han, An Xiao, Yiping Deng, Wei Zhang, Chunjing Xu, Yunhe Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies on deep convolutional neural networks present a simple paradigm of architecture design, i.e., models with more MACs typically achieve better accuracy, such as EfficientNet and RegNet. These works try to enlarge all the stages in the model with one unified rule by sampling and statistical methods. However, we observe that some network architectures have similar MACs and accuracies, but their allocations on computations for different stages are quite different. In this paper, we propose to enlarge the capacity of CNN models by improving their width, depth and resolution on stage level. Under the assumption that the top-performing smaller CNNs are a proper subcomponent of the top-performing larger CNNs, we propose an greedy network enlarging method based on the reallocation of computations. With step-by-step modifying the computations on different stages, the enlarged network will be equipped with optimal allocation and utilization of MACs. On EfficientNet, our method consistently outperforms the performance of the original scaling method. In particular, with application of our method on GhostNet, we achieve state-of-the-art 80.9% and 84.3% ImageNet top-1 accuracies under the setting of 600M and 4.4B MACs, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sequence Adaptation via Reinforcement Learning in Recommender Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01442">arxiv:2108.01442</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Stefanos Antaris, Dimitrios Rafailidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accounting for the fact that users have different sequential patterns, the main drawback of state-of-the-art recommendation strategies is that a fixed sequence length of user-item interactions is required as input to train the models. This might limit the recommendation accuracy, as in practice users follow different trends on the sequential recommendations. Hence, baseline strategies might ignore important sequential interactions or add noise to the models with redundant interactions, depending on the variety of users' sequential behaviours. To overcome this problem, in this study we propose the SAR model, which not only learns the sequential patterns but also adjusts the sequence length of user-item interactions in a personalized manner. We first design an actor-critic framework, where the RL agent tries to compute the optimal sequence length as an action, given the user's state representation at a certain time step. In addition, we optimize a joint loss function to align the accuracy of the sequential recommendations with the expected cumulative rewards of the critic network, while at the same time we adapt the sequence length with the actor network in a personalized manner. Our experimental evaluation on four real-world datasets demonstrates the superiority of our proposed model over several baseline approaches. Finally, we make our implementation publicly available at https://github.com/stefanosantaris/sar.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Social Meaning Detection with Pragmatic Masking and Surrogate Fine-Tuning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00356">arxiv:2108.00356</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chiyu Zhang, Muhammad Abdul-Mageed, AbdelRahim Elmadany, El Moatez Billah Nagoudi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Masked language models (MLMs) are pretrained with a denoising objective that, while useful, is in a mismatch with the objective of downstream fine-tuning. We propose pragmatic masking and surrogate fine-tuning as two strategies that exploit social cues to drive pre-trained representations toward a broad set of concepts useful for a wide class of social meaning tasks. To test our methods, we introduce a new benchmark of 15 different Twitter datasets for social meaning detection. Our methods achieve 2.34% F1 over a competitive baseline, while outperforming other transfer learning methods such as multi-task learning and domain-specific language models pretrained on large datasets. With only 5% of training data (severely few-shot), our methods enable an impressive 68.74% average F1, and we observe promising results in a zero-shot setting involving six datasets from three different languages.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bilevel Optimization for Machine Learning: Algorithm Design and Convergence Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00330">arxiv:2108.00330</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kaiyi Ji</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bilevel optimization has become a powerful framework in various machine learning applications including meta-learning, hyperparameter optimization, and network architecture search. There are generally two classes of bilevel optimization formulations for machine learning: 1) problem-based bilevel optimization, whose inner-level problem is formulated as finding a minimizer of a given loss function; and 2) algorithm-based bilevel optimization, whose inner-level solution is an output of a fixed algorithm. For the first class, two popular types of gradient-based algorithms have been proposed for hypergradient estimation via approximate implicit differentiation (AID) and iterative differentiation (ITD). Algorithms for the second class include the popular model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML) and almost no inner loop (ANIL). However, the convergence rate and fundamental limitations of bilevel optimization algorithms have not been well explored.
  This thesis provides a comprehensive convergence rate analysis for bilevel algorithms in the aforementioned two classes. We further propose principled algorithm designs for bilevel optimization with higher efficiency and scalability. For the problem-based formulation, we provide a convergence rate analysis for AID- and ITD-based bilevel algorithms. We then develop acceleration bilevel algorithms, for which we provide shaper convergence analysis with relaxed assumptions. We also provide the first lower bounds for bilevel optimization, and establish the optimality by providing matching upper bounds under certain conditions. We finally propose new stochastic bilevel optimization algorithms with lower complexity and higher efficiency in practice. For the algorithm-based formulation, we develop a theoretical convergence for general multi-step MAML and ANIL, and characterize the impact of parameter selections and loss geometries on the their complexities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Inverse Reinforcement Learning for Strategy Identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00293">arxiv:2108.00293</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mark Rucker, Stephen Adams, Roy Hayes, Peter A. Beling</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In adversarial environments, one side could gain an advantage by identifying the opponent's strategy. For example, in combat games, if an opponents strategy is identified as overly aggressive, one could lay a trap that exploits the opponent's aggressive nature. However, an opponent's strategy is not always apparent and may need to be estimated from observations of their actions. This paper proposes to use inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) to identify strategies in adversarial environments. Specifically, the contributions of this work are 1) the demonstration of this concept on gaming combat data generated from three pre-defined strategies and 2) the framework for using IRL to achieve strategy identification. The numerical experiments demonstrate that the recovered rewards can be identified using a variety of techniques. In this paper, the recovered reward are visually displayed, clustered using unsupervised learning, and classified using a supervised learner.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Opinion Prediction with User Fingerprinting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00270">arxiv:2108.00270</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kishore Tumarada, Yifan Zhang, Fan Yang, Eduard Dragut, Omprakash Gnawali, Arjun Mukherjee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Opinion prediction is an emerging research area with diverse real-world applications, such as market research and situational awareness. We identify two lines of approaches to the problem of opinion prediction. One uses topic-based sentiment analysis with time-series modeling, while the other uses static embedding of text. The latter approaches seek user-specific solutions by generating user fingerprints. Such approaches are useful in predicting user's reactions to unseen content. In this work, we propose a novel dynamic fingerprinting method that leverages contextual embedding of user's comments conditioned on relevant user's reading history. We integrate BERT variants with a recurrent neural network to generate predictions. The results show up to 13\% improvement in micro F1-score compared to previous approaches. Experimental results show novel insights that were previously unknown such as better predictions for an increase in dynamic history length, the impact of the nature of the article on performance, thereby laying the foundation for further research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RLTutor: Reinforcement Learning Based Adaptive Tutoring System by Modeling Virtual Student with Fewer Interactions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00268">arxiv:2108.00268</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yoshiki Kubotani, Yoshihiro Fukuhara, Shigeo Morishima</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A major challenge in the field of education is providing review schedules that present learned items at appropriate intervals to each student so that memory is retained over time. In recent years, attempts have been made to formulate item reviews as sequential decision-making problems to realize adaptive instruction based on the knowledge state of students. It has been reported previously that reinforcement learning can help realize mathematical models of students learning strategies to maintain a high memory rate. However, optimization using reinforcement learning requires a large number of interactions, and thus it cannot be applied directly to actual students. In this study, we propose a framework for optimizing teaching strategies by constructing a virtual model of the student while minimizing the interaction with the actual teaching target. In addition, we conducted an experiment considering actual instructions using the mathematical model and confirmed that the model performance is comparable to that of conventional teaching methods. Our framework can directly substitute mathematical models used in experiments with human students, and our results can serve as a buffer between theoretical instructional optimization and practical applications in e-learning systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayesian analysis of the prevalence bias: learning and predicting from imbalanced data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00250">arxiv:2108.00250</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Loic Le Folgoc, Vasileios Baltatzis, Amir Alansary, Sujal Desai, Anand Devaraj, Sam Ellis, Octavio E. Martinez Manzanera, Fahdi Kanavati, Arjun Nair, Julia Schnabel, Ben Glocker</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Datasets are rarely a realistic approximation of the target population. Say, prevalence is misrepresented, image quality is above clinical standards, etc. This mismatch is known as sampling bias. Sampling biases are a major hindrance for machine learning models. They cause significant gaps between model performance in the lab and in the real world. Our work is a solution to prevalence bias. Prevalence bias is the discrepancy between the prevalence of a pathology and its sampling rate in the training dataset, introduced upon collecting data or due to the practioner rebalancing the training batches. This paper lays the theoretical and computational framework for training models, and for prediction, in the presence of prevalence bias. Concretely a bias-corrected loss function, as well as bias-corrected predictive rules, are derived under the principles of Bayesian risk minimization. The loss exhibits a direct connection to the information gain. It offers a principled alternative to heuristic training losses and complements test-time procedures based on selecting an operating point from summary curves. It integrates seamlessly in the current paradigm of (deep) learning using stochastic backpropagation and naturally with Bayesian models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Diverse Linguistic Features for Assessing Reading Difficulty of Educational Filipino Texts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00241">arxiv:2108.00241</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Joseph Marvin Imperial, Ethel Ong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In order to ensure quality and effective learning, fluency, and comprehension, the proper identification of the difficulty levels of reading materials should be observed. In this paper, we describe the development of automatic machine learning-based readability assessment models for educational Filipino texts using the most diverse set of linguistic features for the language. Results show that using a Random Forest model obtained a high performance of 62.7% in terms of accuracy, and 66.1% when using the optimal combination of feature sets consisting of traditional and syllable pattern-based predictors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distributed Learning for Time-varying Networks: A Scalable Design</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00231">arxiv:2108.00231</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jian Wang, Yourui Huangfu, Rong Li, Yiqun Ge, Jun Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The wireless network is undergoing a trend from "onnection of things" to "connection of intelligence". With data spread over the communication networks and computing capability enhanced on the devices, distributed learning becomes a hot topic in both industrial and academic communities. Many frameworks, such as federated learning and federated distillation, have been proposed. However, few of them takes good care of obstacles such as the time-varying topology resulted by the characteristics of wireless networks. In this paper, we propose a distributed learning framework based on a scalable deep neural network (DNN) design. By exploiting the permutation equivalence and invariance properties of the learning tasks, the DNNs with different scales for different clients can be built up based on two basic parameter sub-matrices. Further, model aggregation can also be conducted based on these two sub-matrices to improve the learning convergence and performance. Finally, simulation results verify the benefits of the proposed framework by compared with some baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Grain: Improving Data Efficiency of Graph Neural Networks via Diversified Influence Maximization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00219">arxiv:2108.00219</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wentao Zhang, Zhi Yang, Yexin Wang, Yu Shen, Yang Li, Liang Wang, Bin Cui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data selection methods, such as active learning and core-set selection, are useful tools for improving the data efficiency of deep learning models on large-scale datasets. However, recent deep learning models have moved forward from independent and identically distributed data to graph-structured data, such as social networks, e-commerce user-item graphs, and knowledge graphs. This evolution has led to the emergence of Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) that go beyond the models existing data selection methods are designed for. Therefore, we present Grain, an efficient framework that opens up a new perspective through connecting data selection in GNNs with social influence maximization. By exploiting the common patterns of GNNs, Grain introduces a novel feature propagation concept, a diversified influence maximization objective with novel influence and diversity functions, and a greedy algorithm with an approximation guarantee into a unified framework. Empirical studies on public datasets demonstrate that Grain significantly improves both the performance and efficiency of data selection (including active learning and core-set selection) for GNNs. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to bridge two largely parallel threads of research, data selection, and social influence maximization, in the setting of GNNs, paving new ways for improving data efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Plant Root System Algorithm Based on Swarm Intelligence for One-dimensional Biomedical Signal Feature Engineering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00214">arxiv:2108.00214</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rui Gong, Kazunori Hase</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To date, very few biomedical signals have transitioned from research applications to clinical applications. This is largely due to the lack of trust in the diagnostic ability of non-stationary signals. To reach the level of clinical diagnostic application, classification using high-quality signal features is necessary. While there has been considerable progress in machine learning in recent years, especially deep learning, progress has been quite limited in the field of feature engineering. This study proposes a feature extraction algorithm based on group intelligence which we call a Plant Root System (PRS) algorithm. Importantly, the correlation between features produced by this PRS algorithm and traditional features is low, and the accuracy of several widely-used classifiers was found to be substantially improved with the addition of PRS features. It is expected that more biomedical signals can be applied to clinical diagnosis using the proposed algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Subjective Image Quality Assessment with Boosted Triplet Comparisons</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00201">arxiv:2108.00201</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hui Men, Hanhe Lin, Mohsen Jenadeleh, Dietmar Saupe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In subjective full-reference image quality assessment, differences between perceptual image qualities of the reference image and its distorted versions are evaluated, often using degradation category ratings (DCR). However, the DCR has been criticized since differences between rating categories on this ordinal scale might not be perceptually equidistant, and observers may have different understandings of the categories. Pair comparisons (PC) of distorted images, followed by Thurstonian reconstruction of scale values, overcome these problems. In addition, PC is more sensitive than DCR, and it can provide scale values in fractional, just noticeable difference (JND) units that express a precise perceptional interpretation. Still, the comparison of images of nearly the same quality can be difficult. We introduce boosting techniques embedded in more general triplet comparisons (TC) that increase the sensitivity even more. Boosting amplifies the artefacts of distorted images, enlarges their visual representation by zooming, increases the visibility of the distortions by a flickering effect, or combines some of the above. Experimental results show the effectiveness of boosted TC for seven types of distortion. We crowdsourced over 1.7 million responses to triplet questions. A detailed analysis shows that boosting increases the discriminatory power and allows to reduce the number of subjective ratings without sacrificing the accuracy of the resulting relative image quality values. Our technique paves the way to fine-grained image quality datasets, allowing for more distortion levels, yet with high-quality subjective annotations. We also provide the details for Thurstonian scale reconstruction from TC and our annotated dataset, KonFiG-IQA, containing 10 source images, processed using 7 distortion types at 12 or even 30 levels, uniformly spaced over a span of 3 JND units.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Using Knowledge-Embedded Attention to Augment Pre-trained Language Models for Fine-Grained Emotion Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00194">arxiv:2108.00194</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Varsha Suresh, Desmond C. Ong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern emotion recognition systems are trained to recognize only a small set of emotions, and hence fail to capture the broad spectrum of emotions people experience and express in daily life. In order to engage in more empathetic interactions, future AI has to perform \textit{fine-grained} emotion recognition, distinguishing between many more varied emotions. Here, we focus on improving fine-grained emotion recognition by introducing external knowledge into a pre-trained self-attention model. We propose Knowledge-Embedded Attention (KEA) to use knowledge from emotion lexicons to augment the contextual representations from pre-trained ELECTRA and BERT models. Our results and error analyses outperform previous models on several datasets, and is better able to differentiate closely-confusable emotions, such as afraid and terrified.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Nonlinear Waves in Plasmon-induced Transparency</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01508">arxiv:2108.01508</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jiaxi Cheng, Zhenhao Cen, Siliu Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Plasmon-induced transparency (PIT) displays complex nonlinear dynamics that find critical phenomena in areas such as nonlinear waves. However, such a nonlinear solution depends sensitively on the selection of parameters and different potentials in the Schrödinger equation. Despite this complexity, the machine learning community has developed remarkable efficiencies in predicting complicated datasets by regression. Here, we consider a recurrent neural network (RNN) approach to predict the complex propagation of nonlinear solitons in plasmon-induced transparency metamaterial systems with applied potentials bypassing the need for analytical and numerical approaches of a guiding model. We demonstrate the success of this scheme on the prediction of the propagation of the nonlinear solitons solely from a given initial condition and potential. We prove the prominent agreement of results in simulation and prediction by long short-term memory (LSTM) artificial neural networks. The framework presented in this work opens up a new perspective for the application of RNN in quantum systems and nonlinear waves using Schrödinger-type equations, for example, the nonlinear dynamics in cold-atom systems and nonlinear fiber optics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Free-Viewpoint Performance Rendering under Complex Human-object Interactions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00362">arxiv:2108.00362</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Guoxing Sun, Xin Chen, Yizhang Chen, Anqi Pang, Pei Lin, Yuheng Jiang, Lan Xu, Jingya Wang, Jingyi Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** 4D reconstruction of human-object interaction is critical for immersive VR/AR experience and human activity understanding. Recent advances still fail to recover fine geometry and texture results from sparse RGB inputs, especially under challenging human-object interactions scenarios. In this paper, we propose a neural human performance capture and rendering system to generate both high-quality geometry and photo-realistic texture of both human and objects under challenging interaction scenarios in arbitrary novel views, from only sparse RGB streams. To deal with complex occlusions raised by human-object interactions, we adopt a layer-wise scene decoupling strategy and perform volumetric reconstruction and neural rendering of the human and object. Specifically, for geometry reconstruction, we propose an interaction-aware human-object capture scheme that jointly considers the human reconstruction and object reconstruction with their correlations. Occlusion-aware human reconstruction and robust human-aware object tracking are proposed for consistent 4D human-object dynamic reconstruction. For neural texture rendering, we propose a layer-wise human-object rendering scheme, which combines direction-aware neural blending weight learning and spatial-temporal texture completion to provide high-resolution and photo-realistic texture results in the occluded scenarios. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach to achieve high-quality geometry and texture reconstruction in free viewpoints for challenging human-object interactions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>StudyMe: A New Mobile App for User-Centric N-of-1 Trials</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00320">arxiv:2108.00320</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Alexander M. Zenner, Erwin Böttinger, Stefan Konigorski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** N-of-1 trials are multi-crossover self-experiments that allow individuals to systematically evaluate the effect of interventions on their personal health goals. Although several tools for N-of-1 trials exist, none support non-experts in conducting their own user-centric trials. In this study we present StudyMe, an open-source mobile application that is freely available from https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=health.studyu.me and offers users flexibility and guidance in configuring every component of their trials. We also present research that informed the development of StudyMe. Through an initial survey with 272 participants, we learned that individuals are interested in a variety of personal health aspects and have unique ideas on how to improve them. In an iterative, user-centered development process with intermediate user tests we developed StudyMe that also features an educational part to communicate N-of-1 trial concepts. A final empirical evaluation of StudyMe showed that all participants were able to create their own trials successfully using StudyMe and the app achieved a very good usability rating. Our findings suggest that StudyMe provides a significant step towards enabling individuals to apply a systematic science-oriented approach to personalize health-related interventions and behavior modifications in their everyday lives.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Statistical learning method for predicting density-matrix based electron dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00318">arxiv:2108.00318</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Prachi Gupta, Harish S. Bhat, Karnamohit Ranka, Christine M. Isborn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a statistical method to learn a molecular Hamiltonian matrix from a time-series of electron density matrices. We extend our previous method to larger molecular systems by incorporating physical properties to reduce dimensionality, while also exploiting regularization techniques like ridge regression for addressing multicollinearity. With the learned Hamiltonian we can solve the Time-Dependent Hartree-Fock (TDHF) equation to propagate the electron density in time, and predict its dynamics for field-free and field-on scenarios. We observe close quantitative agreement between the predicted dynamics and ground truth for both field-off trajectories similar to the training data, and field-on trajectories outside of the training data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Speech2AffectiveGestures: Synthesizing Co-Speech Gestures with Generative Adversarial Affective Expression Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00262">arxiv:2108.00262</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Uttaran Bhattacharya, Elizabeth Childs, Nicholas Rewkowski, Dinesh Manocha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a generative adversarial network to synthesize 3D pose sequences of co-speech upper-body gestures with appropriate affective expressions. Our network consists of two components: a generator to synthesize gestures from a joint embedding space of features encoded from the input speech and the seed poses, and a discriminator to distinguish between the synthesized pose sequences and real 3D pose sequences. We leverage the Mel-frequency cepstral coefficients and the text transcript computed from the input speech in separate encoders in our generator to learn the desired sentiments and the associated affective cues. We design an affective encoder using multi-scale spatial-temporal graph convolutions to transform 3D pose sequences into latent, pose-based affective features. We use our affective encoder in both our generator, where it learns affective features from the seed poses to guide the gesture synthesis, and our discriminator, where it enforces the synthesized gestures to contain the appropriate affective expressions. We perform extensive evaluations on two benchmark datasets for gesture synthesis from the speech, the TED Gesture Dataset and the GENEA Challenge 2020 Dataset. Compared to the best baselines, we improve the mean absolute joint error by 10--33%, the mean acceleration difference by 8--58%, and the Fréchet Gesture Distance by 21--34%. We also conduct a user study and observe that compared to the best current baselines, around 15.28% of participants indicated our synthesized gestures appear more plausible, and around 16.32% of participants felt the gestures had more appropriate affective expressions aligned with the speech.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Empirical Analysis on Transparent Algorithmic Exploration in Recommender Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00151">arxiv:2108.00151</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Kihwan Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** All learning algorithms for recommendations face inevitable and critical trade-off between exploiting partial knowledge of a user's preferences for short-term satisfaction and exploring additional user preferences for long-term coverage. Although exploration is indispensable for long success of a recommender system, the exploration has been considered as the risk to decrease user satisfaction. The reason for the risk is that items chosen for exploration frequently mismatch with the user's interests. To mitigate this risk, recommender systems have mixed items chosen for exploration into a recommendation list, disguising the items as recommendations to elicit feedback on the items to discover the user's additional tastes. This mix-in approach has been widely used in many recommenders, but there is rare research, evaluating the effectiveness of the mix-in approach or proposing a new approach for eliciting user feedback without deceiving users. In this work, we aim to propose a new approach for feedback elicitation without any deception and compare our approach to the conventional mix-in approach for evaluation. To this end, we designed a recommender interface that reveals which items are for exploration and conducted a within-subject study with 94 MTurk workers. Our results indicated that users left significantly more feedback on items chosen for exploration with our interface. Besides, users evaluated that our new interface is better than the conventional mix-in interface in terms of novelty, diversity, transparency, trust, and satisfaction. Finally, path analysis show that, in only our new interface, exploration caused to increase user-centric evaluation metrics. Our work paves the way for how to design an interface, which utilizes learning algorithm based on users' feedback signals, giving better user experience and gathering more feedback data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How much pre-training is enough to discover a good subnetwork?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00259">arxiv:2108.00259</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Cameron R. Wolfe, Qihan Wang, Junhyung Lyle Kim, Anastasios Kyrillidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural network pruning is useful for discovering efficient, high-performing subnetworks within pre-trained, dense network architectures. However, more often than not, it involves a three-step process--pre-training, pruning, and re-training--that is computationally expensive, as the dense model must be fully pre-trained. Luckily, several works have empirically shown that high-performing subnetworks can be discovered via pruning without fully pre-training the dense network. Aiming to theoretically analyze the amount of dense network pre-training needed for a pruned network to perform well, we discover a theoretical bound in the number of SGD pre-training iterations on a two-layer, fully-connected network, beyond which pruning via greedy forward selection yields a subnetwork that achieves good training error. This threshold is shown to be logarithmically dependent upon the size of the dataset, meaning that experiments with larger datasets require more pre-training for subnetworks obtained via pruning to perform well. We empirically demonstrate the validity of our theoretical results across a variety of architectures and datasets, including fully-connected networks trained on MNIST and several deep convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures trained on CIFAR10 and ImageNet.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-07/2021-07-30.md)
