## Summary for 2021-12-08, created on 2021-12-17


<details><summary><b>Ethical and social risks of harm from Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04359">arxiv:2112.04359</a>
&#x1F4C8; 75 <br>
<p>Laura Weidinger, John Mellor, Maribeth Rauh, Conor Griffin, Jonathan Uesato, Po-Sen Huang, Myra Cheng, Mia Glaese, Borja Balle, Atoosa Kasirzadeh, Zac Kenton, Sasha Brown, Will Hawkins, Tom Stepleton, Courtney Biles, Abeba Birhane, Julia Haas, Laura Rimell, Lisa Anne Hendricks, William Isaac, Sean Legassick, Geoffrey Irving, Iason Gabriel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper aims to help structure the risk landscape associated with large-scale Language Models (LMs). In order to foster advances in responsible innovation, an in-depth understanding of the potential risks posed by these models is needed. A wide range of established and anticipated risks are analysed in detail, drawing on multidisciplinary expertise and literature from computer science, linguistics, and social sciences.
  We outline six specific risk areas: I. Discrimination, Exclusion and Toxicity, II. Information Hazards, III. Misinformation Harms, V. Malicious Uses, V. Human-Computer Interaction Harms, VI. Automation, Access, and Environmental Harms. The first area concerns the perpetuation of stereotypes, unfair discrimination, exclusionary norms, toxic language, and lower performance by social group for LMs. The second focuses on risks from private data leaks or LMs correctly inferring sensitive information. The third addresses risks arising from poor, false or misleading information including in sensitive domains, and knock-on risks such as the erosion of trust in shared information. The fourth considers risks from actors who try to use LMs to cause harm. The fifth focuses on risks specific to LLMs used to underpin conversational agents that interact with human users, including unsafe use, manipulation or deception. The sixth discusses the risk of environmental harm, job automation, and other challenges that may have a disparate effect on different social groups or communities.
  In total, we review 21 risks in-depth. We discuss the points of origin of different risks and point to potential mitigation approaches. Lastly, we discuss organisational responsibilities in implementing mitigations, and the role of collaboration and participation. We highlight directions for further research, particularly on expanding the toolkit for assessing and evaluating the outlined risks in LMs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>InvGAN: Invertible GANs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04598">arxiv:2112.04598</a>
&#x1F4C8; 42 <br>
<p>Partha Ghosh, Dominik Zietlow, Michael J. Black, Larry S. Davis, Xiaochen Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generation of photo-realistic images, semantic editing and representation learning are a few of many potential applications of high resolution generative models. Recent progress in GANs have established them as an excellent choice for such tasks. However, since they do not provide an inference model, image editing or downstream tasks such as classification can not be done on real images using the GAN latent space. Despite numerous efforts to train an inference model or design an iterative method to invert a pre-trained generator, previous methods are dataset (e.g. human face images) and architecture (e.g. StyleGAN) specific. These methods are nontrivial to extend to novel datasets or architectures. We propose a general framework that is agnostic to architecture and datasets. Our key insight is that, by training the inference and the generative model together, we allow them to adapt to each other and to converge to a better quality model. Our \textbf{InvGAN}, short for Invertible GAN, successfully embeds real images to the latent space of a high quality generative model. This allows us to perform image inpainting, merging, interpolation and online data augmentation. We demonstrate this with extensive qualitative and quantitative experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving language models by retrieving from trillions of tokens</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04426">arxiv:2112.04426</a>
&#x1F4C8; 37 <br>
<p>Sebastian Borgeaud, Arthur Mensch, Jordan Hoffmann, Trevor Cai, Eliza Rutherford, Katie Millican, George van den Driessche, Jean-Baptiste Lespiau, Bogdan Damoc, Aidan Clark, Diego de Las Casas, Aurelia Guy, Jacob Menick, Roman Ring, Tom Hennigan, Saffron Huang, Loren Maggiore, Chris Jones, Albin Cassirer, Andy Brock, Michela Paganini, Geoffrey Irving, Oriol Vinyals, Simon Osindero, Karen Simonyan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We enhance auto-regressive language models by conditioning on document chunks retrieved from a large corpus, based on local similarity with preceding tokens. With a $2$ trillion token database, our Retrieval-Enhanced Transformer (RETRO) obtains comparable performance to GPT-3 and Jurassic-1 on the Pile, despite using 25$\times$ fewer parameters. After fine-tuning, RETRO performance translates to downstream knowledge-intensive tasks such as question answering. RETRO combines a frozen Bert retriever, a differentiable encoder and a chunked cross-attention mechanism to predict tokens based on an order of magnitude more data than what is typically consumed during training. We typically train RETRO from scratch, yet can also rapidly RETROfit pre-trained transformers with retrieval and still achieve good performance. Our work opens up new avenues for improving language models through explicit memory at unprecedented scale.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prediction of Adverse Biological Effects of Chemicals Using Knowledge Graph Embeddings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04605">arxiv:2112.04605</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Erik B. Myklebust, Ernesto Jiménez-Ruiz, Jiaoyan Chen, Raoul Wolf, Knut Erik Tollefsen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We have created a knowledge graph based on major data sources used in ecotoxicological risk assessment. We have applied this knowledge graph to an important task in risk assessment, namely chemical effect prediction. We have evaluated nine knowledge graph embedding models from a selection of geometric, decomposition, and convolutional models on this prediction task. We show that using knowledge graph embeddings can increase the accuracy of effect prediction with neural networks. Furthermore, we have implemented a fine-tuning architecture which adapts the knowledge graph embeddings to the effect prediction task and leads to a better performance. Finally, we evaluate certain characteristics of the knowledge graph embedding models to shed light on the individual model performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CoMPS: Continual Meta Policy Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04467">arxiv:2112.04467</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Glen Berseth, Zhiwei Zhang, Grace Zhang, Chelsea Finn, Sergey Levine</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a new continual meta-learning method to address challenges in sequential multi-task learning. In this setting, the agent's goal is to achieve high reward over any sequence of tasks quickly. Prior meta-reinforcement learning algorithms have demonstrated promising results in accelerating the acquisition of new tasks. However, they require access to all tasks during training. Beyond simply transferring past experience to new tasks, our goal is to devise continual reinforcement learning algorithms that learn to learn, using their experience on previous tasks to learn new tasks more quickly. We introduce a new method, continual meta-policy search (CoMPS), that removes this limitation by meta-training in an incremental fashion, over each task in a sequence, without revisiting prior tasks. CoMPS continuously repeats two subroutines: learning a new task using RL and using the experience from RL to perform completely offline meta-learning to prepare for subsequent task learning. We find that CoMPS outperforms prior continual learning and off-policy meta-reinforcement methods on several sequences of challenging continuous control tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MLP Architectures for Vision-and-Language Modeling: An Empirical Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04453">arxiv:2112.04453</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Yixin Nie, Linjie Li, Zhe Gan, Shuohang Wang, Chenguang Zhu, Michael Zeng, Zicheng Liu, Mohit Bansal, Lijuan Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We initiate the first empirical study on the use of MLP architectures for vision-and-language (VL) fusion. Through extensive experiments on 5 VL tasks and 5 robust VQA benchmarks, we find that: (i) Without pre-training, using MLPs for multimodal fusion has a noticeable performance gap compared to transformers; (ii) However, VL pre-training can help close the performance gap; (iii) Instead of heavy multi-head attention, adding tiny one-head attention to MLPs is sufficient to achieve comparable performance to transformers. Moreover, we also find that the performance gap between MLPs and transformers is not widened when being evaluated on the harder robust VQA benchmarks, suggesting using MLPs for VL fusion can generalize roughly to a similar degree as using transformers. These results hint that MLPs can effectively learn to align vision and text features extracted from lower-level encoders without heavy reliance on self-attention. Based on this, we ask an even bolder question: can we have an all-MLP architecture for VL modeling, where both VL fusion and the vision encoder are replaced with MLPs? Our result shows that an all-MLP VL model is sub-optimal compared to state-of-the-art full-featured VL models when both of them get pre-trained. However, pre-training an all-MLP can surprisingly achieve a better average score than full-featured transformer models without pre-training. This indicates the potential of large-scale pre-training of MLP-like architectures for VL modeling and inspires the future research direction on simplifying well-established VL modeling with less inductive design bias. Our code is publicly available at: https://github.com/easonnie/mlp-vil

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Come-Closer-Diffuse-Faster: Accelerating Conditional Diffusion Models for Inverse Problems through Stochastic Contraction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.05146">arxiv:2112.05146</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Hyungjin Chung, Byeongsu Sim, Jong Chul Ye</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Diffusion models have recently attained significant interest within the community owing to their strong performance as generative models. Furthermore, its application to inverse problems have demonstrated state-of-the-art performance. Unfortunately, diffusion models have a critical downside - they are inherently slow to sample from, needing few thousand steps of iteration to generate images from pure Gaussian noise. In this work, we show that starting from Gaussian noise is unnecessary. Instead, starting from a single forward diffusion with better initialization significantly reduces the number of sampling steps in the reverse conditional diffusion. This phenomenon is formally explained by the contraction theory of the stochastic difference equations like our conditional diffusion strategy - the alternating applications of reverse diffusion followed by a non-expansive data consistency step. The new sampling strategy, dubbed Come-Closer-Diffuse-Faster (CCDF), also reveals a new insight on how the existing feed-forward neural network approaches for inverse problems can be synergistically combined with the diffusion models. Experimental results with super-resolution, image inpainting, and compressed sensing MRI demonstrate that our method can achieve state-of-the-art reconstruction performance at significantly reduced sampling steps.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Training Robust Zero-Shot Voice Conversion Models with Self-supervised Features</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04424">arxiv:2112.04424</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Trung Dang, Dung Tran, Peter Chin, Kazuhito Koishida</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised Zero-Shot Voice Conversion (VC) aims to modify the speaker characteristic of an utterance to match an unseen target speaker without relying on parallel training data. Recently, self-supervised learning of speech representation has been shown to produce useful linguistic units without using transcripts, which can be directly passed to a VC model. In this paper, we showed that high-quality audio samples can be achieved by using a length resampling decoder, which enables the VC model to work in conjunction with different linguistic feature extractors and vocoders without requiring them to operate on the same sequence length. We showed that our method can outperform many baselines on the VCTK dataset. Without modifying the architecture, we further demonstrated that a) using pairs of different audio segments from the same speaker, b) adding a cycle consistency loss, and c) adding a speaker classification loss can help to learn a better speaker embedding. Our model trained on LibriTTS using these techniques achieves the best performance, producing audio samples transferred well to the target speaker's voice, while preserving the linguistic content that is comparable with actual human utterances in terms of Character Error Rate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Calibration Improves Bayesian Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04620">arxiv:2112.04620</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shachi Deshpande, Volodymyr Kuleshov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian optimization is a procedure that allows obtaining the global optimum of black-box functions and that is useful in applications such as hyper-parameter optimization. Uncertainty estimates over the shape of the objective function are instrumental in guiding the optimization process. However, these estimates can be inaccurate if the objective function violates assumptions made within the underlying model (e.g., Gaussianity). We propose a simple algorithm to calibrate the uncertainty of posterior distributions over the objective function as part of the Bayesian optimization process. We show that by improving the uncertainty estimates of the posterior distribution with calibration, Bayesian optimization makes better decisions and arrives at the global optimum in fewer steps. We show that this technique improves the performance of Bayesian optimization on standard benchmark functions and hyperparameter optimization tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Recent Advances in Reinforcement Learning in Finance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04553">arxiv:2112.04553</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ben Hambly, Renyuan Xu, Huining Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The rapid changes in the finance industry due to the increasing amount of data have revolutionized the techniques on data processing and data analysis and brought new theoretical and computational challenges. In contrast to classical stochastic control theory and other analytical approaches for solving financial decision-making problems that heavily reply on model assumptions, new developments from reinforcement learning (RL) are able to make full use of the large amount of financial data with fewer model assumptions and to improve decisions in complex financial environments. This survey paper aims to review the recent developments and use of RL approaches in finance. We give an introduction to Markov decision processes, which is the setting for many of the commonly used RL approaches. Various algorithms are then introduced with a focus on value and policy based methods that do not require any model assumptions. Connections are made with neural networks to extend the framework to encompass deep RL algorithms. Our survey concludes by discussing the application of these RL algorithms in a variety of decision-making problems in finance, including optimal execution, portfolio optimization, option pricing and hedging, market making, smart order routing, and robo-advising.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Use of Unrealistic Predictions in Hundreds of Papers Evaluating Graph Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04274">arxiv:2112.04274</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Li-Chung Lin, Cheng-Hung Liu, Chih-Ming Chen, Kai-Chin Hsu, I-Feng Wu, Ming-Feng Tsai, Chih-Jen Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prediction using the ground truth sounds like an oxymoron in machine learning. However, such an unrealistic setting was used in hundreds, if not thousands of papers in the area of finding graph representations. To evaluate the multi-label problem of node classification by using the obtained representations, many works assume in the prediction stage that the number of labels of each test instance is known. In practice such ground truth information is rarely available, but we point out that such an inappropriate setting is now ubiquitous in this research area. We detailedly investigate why the situation occurs. Our analysis indicates that with unrealistic information, the performance is likely over-estimated. To see why suitable predictions were not used, we identify difficulties in applying some multi-label techniques. For the use in future studies, we propose simple and effective settings without using practically unknown information. Finally, we take this chance to conduct a fair and serious comparison of major graph-representation learning methods on multi-label node classification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DualFormer: Local-Global Stratified Transformer for Efficient Video Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04674">arxiv:2112.04674</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yuxuan Liang, Pan Zhou, Roger Zimmermann, Shuicheng Yan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While transformers have shown great potential on video recognition tasks with their strong capability of capturing long-range dependencies, they often suffer high computational costs induced by self-attention operation on the huge number of 3D tokens in a video. In this paper, we propose a new transformer architecture, termed DualFormer, which can effectively and efficiently perform space-time attention for video recognition. Specifically, our DualFormer stratifies the full space-time attention into dual cascaded levels, i.e., to first learn fine-grained local space-time interactions among nearby 3D tokens, followed by the capture of coarse-grained global dependencies between the query token and the coarse-grained global pyramid contexts. Different from existing methods that apply space-time factorization or restrict attention computations within local windows for improving efficiency, our local-global stratified strategy can well capture both short- and long-range spatiotemporal dependencies, and meanwhile greatly reduces the number of keys and values in attention computation to boost efficiency. Experimental results show the superiority of DualFormer on five video benchmarks against existing methods. In particular, DualFormer sets new state-of-the-art 82.9%/85.2% top-1 accuracy on Kinetics-400/600 with around 1000G inference FLOPs which is at least 3.2 times fewer than existing methods with similar performances.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The perils of being unhinged: On the accuracy of classifiers minimizing a noise-robust convex loss</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04590">arxiv:2112.04590</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Philip M. Long, Rocco A. Servedio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** van Rooyen et al. introduced a notion of convex loss functions being robust to random classification noise, and established that the "unhinged" loss function is robust in this sense. In this note we study the accuracy of binary classifiers obtained by minimizing the unhinged loss, and observe that even for simple linearly separable data distributions, minimizing the unhinged loss may only yield a binary classifier with accuracy no better than random guessing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Building Quantum Field Theories Out of Neurons</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04527">arxiv:2112.04527</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>James Halverson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An approach to field theory is studied in which fields are comprised of $N$ constituent random neurons. Gaussian theories arise in the infinite-$N$ limit when neurons are independently distributed, via the Central Limit Theorem, while interactions arise due to finite-$N$ effects or non-independently distributed neurons. Euclidean-invariant ensembles of neurons are engineered, with tunable two-point function, yielding families of Euclidean-invariant field theories. Some Gaussian, Euclidean invariant theories are reflection positive, which allows for analytic continuation to a Lorentz-invariant quantum field theory. Examples are presented that yield dual theories at infinite-$N$, but have different symmetries at finite-$N$. Landscapes of classical field configurations are determined by local maxima of parameter distributions. Predictions arise from mixed field-neuron correlators. Near-Gaussianity is exhibited at large-$N$, potentially explaining a feature of field theories in Nature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Q-Learning Market Makers in a Multi-Agent Simulated Stock Market</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04494">arxiv:2112.04494</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Oscar Fernández Vicente, Fernando Fernández Rebollo, Francisco Javier García Polo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Market makers play a key role in financial markets by providing liquidity. They usually fill order books with buy and sell limit orders in order to provide traders alternative price levels to operate. This paper focuses precisely on the study of these markets makers strategies from an agent-based perspective. In particular, we propose the application of Reinforcement Learning (RL) for the creation of intelligent market markers in simulated stock markets. This research analyzes how RL market maker agents behaves in non-competitive (only one RL market maker learning at the same time) and competitive scenarios (multiple RL market markers learning at the same time), and how they adapt their strategies in a Sim2Real scope with interesting results. Furthermore, it covers the application of policy transfer between different experiments, describing the impact of competing environments on RL agents performance. RL and deep RL techniques are proven as profitable market maker approaches, leading to a better understanding of their behavior in stock markets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Binary Change Guided Hyperspectral Multiclass Change Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04493">arxiv:2112.04493</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Meiqi Hu, Chen Wu, Bo Du, Liangpei Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Characterized by tremendous spectral information, hyperspectral image is able to detect subtle changes and discriminate various change classes for change detection. The recent research works dominated by hyperspectral binary change detection, however, cannot provide fine change classes information. And most methods incorporating spectral unmixing for hyperspectral multiclass change detection (HMCD), yet suffer from the neglection of temporal correlation and error accumulation. In this study, we proposed an unsupervised Binary Change Guided hyperspectral multiclass change detection Network (BCG-Net) for HMCD, which aims at boosting the multiclass change detection result and unmixing result with the mature binary change detection approaches. In BCG-Net, a novel partial-siamese united-unmixing module is designed for multi-temporal spectral unmixing, and a groundbreaking temporal correlation constraint directed by the pseudo-labels of binary change detection result is developed to guide the unmixing process from the perspective of change detection, encouraging the abundance of the unchanged pixels more coherent and that of the changed pixels more accurate. Moreover, an innovative binary change detection rule is put forward to deal with the problem that traditional rule is susceptible to numerical values. The iterative optimization of the spectral unmixing process and the change detection process is proposed to eliminate the accumulated errors and bias from unmixing result to change detection result. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed BCG-Net could achieve comparative or even outstanding performance of multiclass change detection among the state-of-the-art approaches and gain better spectral unmixing results at the same time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning music audio representations via weak language supervision</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04214">arxiv:2112.04214</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ilaria Manco, Emmanouil Benetos, Elio Quinton, Gyorgy Fazekas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Audio representations for music information retrieval are typically learned via supervised learning in a task-specific fashion. Although effective at producing state-of-the-art results, this scheme lacks flexibility with respect to the range of applications a model can have and requires extensively annotated datasets. In this work, we pose the question of whether it may be possible to exploit weakly aligned text as the only supervisory signal to learn general-purpose music audio representations. To address this question, we design a multimodal architecture for music and language pre-training (MuLaP) optimised via a set of proxy tasks. Weak supervision is provided in the form of noisy natural language descriptions conveying the overall musical content of the track. After pre-training, we transfer the audio backbone of the model to a set of music audio classification and regression tasks. We demonstrate the usefulness of our approach by comparing the performance of audio representations produced by the same audio backbone with different training strategies and show that our pre-training method consistently achieves comparable or higher scores on all tasks and datasets considered. Our experiments also confirm that MuLaP effectively leverages audio-caption pairs to learn representations that are competitive with audio-only and cross-modal self-supervised methods in the literature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Note on Comparison of F-measures</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04677">arxiv:2112.04677</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wei Ju, Wenxin Jiang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We comment on a recent TKDE paper "Linear Approximation of F-measure for the Performance Evaluation of Classification Algorithms on Imbalanced Data Sets", and make two improvements related to comparison of F-measures for two prediction rules.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Ambiguous Dynamic Treatment Regimes: A Reinforcement Learning Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04571">arxiv:2112.04571</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Soroush Saghafian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A main research goal in various studies is to use an observational data set and provide a new set of counterfactual guidelines that can yield causal improvements. Dynamic Treatment Regimes (DTRs) are widely studied to formalize this process. However, available methods in finding optimal DTRs often rely on assumptions that are violated in real-world applications (e.g., medical decision-making or public policy), especially when (a) the existence of unobserved confounders cannot be ignored, and (b) the unobserved confounders are time-varying (e.g., affected by previous actions). When such assumptions are violated, one often faces ambiguity regarding the underlying causal model that is needed to be assumed to obtain an optimal DTR. This ambiguity is inevitable, since the dynamics of unobserved confounders and their causal impact on the observed part of the data cannot be understood from the observed data. Motivated by a case study of finding superior treatment regimes for patients who underwent transplantation in our partner hospital and faced a medical condition known as New Onset Diabetes After Transplantation (NODAT), we extend DTRs to a new class termed Ambiguous Dynamic Treatment Regimes (ADTRs), in which the casual impact of treatment regimes is evaluated based on a "cloud" of potential causal models. We then connect ADTRs to Ambiguous Partially Observable Mark Decision Processes (APOMDPs) proposed by Saghafian (2018), and develop two Reinforcement Learning methods termed Direct Augmented V-Learning (DAV-Learning) and Safe Augmented V-Learning (SAV-Learning), which enable using the observed data to efficiently learn an optimal treatment regime. We establish theoretical results for these learning methods, including (weak) consistency and asymptotic normality. We further evaluate the performance of these learning methods both in our case study and in simulation experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multiscale Softmax Cross Entropy for Fovea Localization on Color Fundus Photography</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04499">arxiv:2112.04499</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yuli Wu, Peter Walter, Dorit Merhof</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fovea localization is one of the most popular tasks in ophthalmic medical image analysis, where the coordinates of the center point of the macula lutea, i.e. fovea centralis, should be calculated based on color fundus images. In this work, we treat the localization problem as a classification task, where the coordinates of the x- and y-axis are considered as the target classes. Moreover, the combination of the softmax activation function and the cross entropy loss function is modified to its multiscale variation to encourage the predicted coordinates to be located closely to the ground-truths. Based on color fundus photography images, we empirically show that the proposed multiscale softmax cross entropy yields better performance than the vanilla version and than the mean squared error loss with sigmoid activation, which provides a novel approach for coordinate regression.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamic multi feature-class Gaussian process models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04495">arxiv:2112.04495</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jean-Rassaire Fouefack, Bhushan Borotikar, Marcel Lüthi, Tania S. Douglas, Valérie Burdin, Tinashe E. M. Mutsvangwa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In model-based medical image analysis, three features of interest are the shape of structures of interest, their relative pose, and image intensity profiles representative of some physical property. Often, these are modelled separately through statistical models by decomposing the object's features into a set of basis functions through principal geodesic analysis or principal component analysis. This study presents a statistical modelling method for automatic learning of shape, pose and intensity features in medical images which we call the Dynamic multi feature-class Gaussian process models (DMFC-GPM). A DMFC-GPM is a Gaussian process (GP)-based model with a shared latent space that encodes linear and non-linear variation. Our method is defined in a continuous domain with a principled way to represent shape, pose and intensity feature classes in a linear space, based on deformation fields. A deformation field-based metric is adapted in the method for modelling shape and intensity feature variation as well as for comparing rigid transformations (pose). Moreover, DMFC-GPMs inherit properties intrinsic to GPs including marginalisation and regression. Furthermore, they allow for adding additional pose feature variability on top of those obtained from the image acquisition process; what we term as permutation modelling. For image analysis tasks using DMFC-GPMs, we adapt Metropolis-Hastings algorithms making the prediction of features fully probabilistic. We validate the method using controlled synthetic data and we perform experiments on bone structures from CT images of the shoulder to illustrate the efficacy of the model for pose and shape feature prediction. The model performance results suggest that this new modelling paradigm is robust, accurate, accessible, and has potential applications including the management of musculoskeletal disorders and clinical decision making

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Revisiting Global Statistics Aggregation for Improving Image Restoration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04491">arxiv:2112.04491</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiaojie Chu, Liangyu Chen, Chengpeng Chen, Xin Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Global spatial statistics, which are aggregated along entire spatial dimensions, are widely used in top-performance image restorers. For example, mean, variance in Instance Normalization (IN) which is adopted by HINet, and global average pooling (i.e. mean) in Squeeze and Excitation (SE) which is applied to MPRNet. This paper first shows that statistics aggregated on the patches-based/entire-image-based feature in the training/testing phase respectively may distribute very differently and lead to performance degradation in image restorers. It has been widely overlooked by previous works. To solve this issue, we propose a simple approach, Test-time Local Statistics Converter (TLSC), that replaces the region of statistics aggregation operation from global to local, only in the test time. Without retraining or finetuning, our approach significantly improves the image restorer's performance. In particular, by extending SE with TLSC to the state-of-the-art models, MPRNet boost by 0.65 dB in PSNR on GoPro dataset, achieves 33.31 dB, exceeds the previous best result 0.6 dB. In addition, we simply apply TLSC to the high-level vision task, i.e. semantic segmentation, and achieves competitive results. Extensive quantity and quality experiments are conducted to demonstrate TLSC solves the issue with marginal costs while significant gain. The code is available at https://github.com/megvii-research/tlsc.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A novel multi-view deep learning approach for BI-RADS and density assessment of mammograms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04490">arxiv:2112.04490</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Huyen T. X. Nguyen, Sam B. Tran, Dung B. Nguyen, Hieu H. Pham, Ha Q. Nguyen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Advanced deep learning (DL) algorithms may predict the patient's risk of developing breast cancer based on the Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (BI-RADS) and density standards. Recent studies have suggested that the combination of multi-view analysis improved the overall breast exam classification. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-view DL approach for BI-RADS and density assessment of mammograms. The proposed approach first deploys deep convolutional networks for feature extraction on each view separately. The extracted features are then stacked and fed into a Light Gradient Boosting Machine (LightGBM) classifier to predict BI-RADS and density scores. We conduct extensive experiments on both the internal mammography dataset and the public dataset Digital Database for Screening Mammography (DDSM). The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms the single-view classification approach on two benchmark datasets by huge margins (5% on the internal dataset and 10% on the DDSM dataset). These results highlight the vital role of combining multi-view information to improve the performance of breast cancer risk prediction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learn2Reg: comprehensive multi-task medical image registration challenge, dataset and evaluation in the era of deep learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04489">arxiv:2112.04489</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alessa Hering, Lasse Hansen, Tony C. W. Mok, Albert C. S. Chung, Hanna Siebert, Stephanie Häger, Annkristin Lange, Sven Kuckertz, Stefan Heldmann, Wei Shao, Sulaiman Vesal, Mirabela Rusu, Geoffrey Sonn, Théo Estienne, Maria Vakalopoulou, Luyi Han, Yunzhi Huang, Mikael Brudfors, Yaël Balbastre, Samuel Joutard, Marc Modat, Gal Lifshitz, Dan Raviv, Jinxin Lv, Qiang Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To date few studies have comprehensively compared medical image registration approaches on a wide-range of complementary clinically relevant tasks. This limits the adoption of advances in research into practice and prevents fair benchmarks across competing approaches. Many newer learning-based methods have been explored within the last five years, but the question which optimisation, architectural or metric strategy is ideally suited remains open. Learn2Reg covers a wide range of anatomies: brain, abdomen and thorax, modalities: ultrasound, CT, MRI, populations: intra- and inter-patient and levels of supervision. We established a lower entry barrier for training and validation of 3D registration, which helped us compile results of over 65 individual method submissions from more than 20 unique teams. Our complementary set of metrics, including robustness, accuracy, plausibility and speed enables unique insight into the current-state-of-the-art of medical image registration. Further analyses into transferability, bias and importance of supervision question the superiority of primarily deep learning based approaches and open exiting new research directions into hybrid methods that leverage GPU-accelerated conventional optimisation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Revisiting Contrastive Learning through the Lens of Neighborhood Component Analysis: an Integrated Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04468">arxiv:2112.04468</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ching-Yun Ko, Jeet Mohapatra, Sijia Liu, Pin-Yu Chen, Luca Daniel, Lily Weng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As a seminal tool in self-supervised representation learning, contrastive learning has gained unprecedented attention in recent years. In essence, contrastive learning aims to leverage pairs of positive and negative samples for representation learning, which relates to exploiting neighborhood information in a feature space. By investigating the connection between contrastive learning and neighborhood component analysis (NCA), we provide a novel stochastic nearest neighbor viewpoint of contrastive learning and subsequently propose a series of contrastive losses that outperform the existing ones. Under our proposed framework, we show a new methodology to design integrated contrastive losses that could simultaneously achieve good accuracy and robustness on downstream tasks. With the integrated framework, we achieve up to 6\% improvement on the standard accuracy and 17\% improvement on the adversarial accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Batch Homomorphic Encryption for Vertically Federated XGBoost</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04261">arxiv:2112.04261</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wuxing Xu, Hao Fan, Kaixin Li, Kai Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** More and more orgainizations and institutions make efforts on using external data to improve the performance of AI services. To address the data privacy and security concerns, federated learning has attracted increasing attention from both academia and industry to securely construct AI models across multiple isolated data providers. In this paper, we studied the efficiency problem of adapting widely used XGBoost model in real-world applications to vertical federated learning setting. State-of-the-art vertical federated XGBoost frameworks requires large number of encryption operations and ciphertext transmissions, which makes the model training much less efficient than training XGBoost models locally. To bridge this gap, we proposed a novel batch homomorphic encryption method to cut the cost of encryption-related computation and transmission in nearly half. This is achieved by encoding the first-order derivative and the second-order derivative into a single number for encryption, ciphertext transmission, and homomorphic addition operations. The sum of multiple first-order derivatives and second-order derivatives can be simultaneously decoded from the sum of encoded values. We are motivated by the batch idea in the work of BatchCrypt for horizontal federated learning, and design a novel batch method to address the limitations of allowing quite few number of negative numbers. The encode procedure of the proposed batch method consists of four steps, including shifting, truncating, quantizing and batching, while the decoding procedure consists of de-quantization and shifting back. The advantages of our method are demonstrated through theoretical analysis and extensive numerical experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Supervised Models are Continual Learners</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04215">arxiv:2112.04215</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Enrico Fini, Victor G. Turrisi da Costa, Xavier Alameda-Pineda, Elisa Ricci, Karteek Alahari, Julien Mairal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-supervised models have been shown to produce comparable or better visual representations than their supervised counterparts when trained offline on unlabeled data at scale. However, their efficacy is catastrophically reduced in a Continual Learning (CL) scenario where data is presented to the model sequentially. In this paper, we show that self-supervised loss functions can be seamlessly converted into distillation mechanisms for CL by adding a predictor network that maps the current state of the representations to their past state. This enables us to devise a framework for Continual self-supervised visual representation Learning that (i) significantly improves the quality of the learned representations, (ii) is compatible with several state-of-the-art self-supervised objectives, and (iii) needs little to no hyperparameter tuning. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach empirically by training six popular self-supervised models in various CL settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Smart Support for Mission Success</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04957">arxiv:2112.04957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Juliette Mattioli, Pierre-Olivier Robic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Today's battlefield environment is complex, dynamic and uncertain, and requires efficient support to ensure mission success. This relies on a proper support strategy to provide supported equipment able to fulfill the mission. In the context of defense where both systems and organization are complex, having a holistic approach is challenging by nature, forces and support agencies need to rely on an efficient decision support system. Logistics, readiness and sustainability are critical factors for asset management, which can benefit from AI to reach "Smart In Service" level relying especially on predictive and prescriptive approaches and on effective management of operational re-sources. Smart Support capacities can be then monitored by appropriate metrics and improved by multi-criteria decision support and knowledge management system. Depending on the operational context in terms of information and the objective, different AI paradigms (data-driven AI, knowledge-based AI) are suitable even a combination through hybrid AI.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>End-to-end Alexa Device Arbitration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04914">arxiv:2112.04914</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jarred Barber, Yifeng Fan, Tao Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a variant of the speaker localization problem, which we call device arbitration. In the device arbitration problem, a user utters a keyword that is detected by multiple distributed microphone arrays (smart home devices), and we want to determine which device was closest to the user. Rather than solving the full localization problem, we propose an end-to-end machine learning system. This system learns a feature embedding that is computed independently on each device. The embeddings from each device are then aggregated together to produce the final arbitration decision. We use a large-scale room simulation to generate training and evaluation data, and compare our system against a signal processing baseline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable and Decentralized Algorithms for Anomaly Detection via Learning-Based Controlled Sensing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04912">arxiv:2112.04912</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Geethu Joseph, Chen Zhong, M. Cenk Gursoy, Senem Velipasalar, Pramod K. Varshney</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We address the problem of sequentially selecting and observing processes from a given set to find the anomalies among them. The decision-maker observes a subset of the processes at any given time instant and obtains a noisy binary indicator of whether or not the corresponding process is anomalous. In this setting, we develop an anomaly detection algorithm that chooses the processes to be observed at a given time instant, decides when to stop taking observations, and declares the decision on anomalous processes. The objective of the detection algorithm is to identify the anomalies with an accuracy exceeding the desired value while minimizing the delay in decision making. We devise a centralized algorithm where the processes are jointly selected by a common agent as well as a decentralized algorithm where the decision of whether to select a process is made independently for each process. Our algorithms rely on a Markov decision process defined using the marginal probability of each process being normal or anomalous, conditioned on the observations. We implement the detection algorithms using the deep actor-critic reinforcement learning framework. Unlike prior work on this topic that has exponential complexity in the number of processes, our algorithms have computational and memory requirements that are both polynomial in the number of processes. We demonstrate the efficacy of these algorithms using numerical experiments by comparing them with state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainable AI for B5G/6G: Technical Aspects, Use Cases, and Research Challenges</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04698">arxiv:2112.04698</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shen Wang, M. Atif Qureshi, Luis Miralles-Pechuaán, Thien Huynh-The, Thippa Reddy Gadekallu, Madhusanka Liyanage</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When 5G began its commercialisation journey around 2020, the discussion on the vision of 6G also surfaced. Researchers expect 6G to have higher bandwidth, coverage, reliability, energy efficiency, lower latency, and, more importantly, an integrated "human-centric" network system powered by artificial intelligence (AI). Such a 6G network will lead to an excessive number of automated decisions made every second. These decisions can range widely, from network resource allocation to collision avoidance for self-driving cars. However, the risk of losing control over decision-making may increase due to high-speed data-intensive AI decision-making beyond designers and users' comprehension. The promising explainable AI (XAI) methods can mitigate such risks by enhancing the transparency of the black box AI decision-making process. This survey paper highlights the need for XAI towards the upcoming 6G age in every aspect, including 6G technologies (e.g., intelligent radio, zero-touch network management) and 6G use cases (e.g., industry 5.0). Moreover, we summarised the lessons learned from the recent attempts and outlined important research challenges in applying XAI for building 6G systems. This research aligns with goals 9, 11, 16, and 17 of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN-SDG), promoting innovation and building infrastructure, sustainable and inclusive human settlement, advancing justice and strong institutions, and fostering partnership at the global level.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CWS-PResUNet: Music Source Separation with Channel-wise Subband Phase-aware ResUNet</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04685">arxiv:2112.04685</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Haohe Liu, Qiuqiang Kong, Jiafeng Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Music source separation (MSS) shows active progress with deep learning models in recent years. Many MSS models perform separations on spectrograms by estimating bounded ratio masks and reusing the phases of the mixture. When using convolutional neural networks (CNN), weights are usually shared within a spectrogram during convolution regardless of the different patterns between frequency bands. In this study, we propose a new MSS model, channel-wise subband phase-aware ResUNet (CWS-PResUNet), to decompose signals into subbands and estimate an unbound complex ideal ratio mask (cIRM) for each source. CWS-PResUNet utilizes a channel-wise subband (CWS) feature to limit unnecessary global weights sharing on the spectrogram and reduce computational resource consumptions. The saved computational cost and memory can in turn allow for a larger architecture. On the MUSDB18HQ test set, we propose a 276-layer CWS-PResUNet and achieve state-of-the-art (SoTA) performance on vocals with an 8.92 signal-to-distortion ratio (SDR) score. By combining CWS-PResUNet and Demucs, our ByteMSS system ranks the 2nd on vocals score and 5th on average score in the 2021 ISMIR Music Demixing (MDX) Challenge limited training data track (leaderboard A). Our code and pre-trained models are publicly available at: https://github.com/haoheliu/2021-ISMIR-MSS-Challenge-CWS-PResUNet

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Differentially Private Ensemble Classifiers for Data Streams</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04640">arxiv:2112.04640</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Lovedeep Gondara, Ke Wang, Ricardo Silva Carvalho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning from continuous data streams via classification/regression is prevalent in many domains. Adapting to evolving data characteristics (concept drift) while protecting data owners' private information is an open challenge. We present a differentially private ensemble solution to this problem with two distinguishing features: it allows an \textit{unbounded} number of ensemble updates to deal with the potentially never-ending data streams under a fixed privacy budget, and it is \textit{model agnostic}, in that it treats any pre-trained differentially private classification/regression model as a black-box. Our method outperforms competitors on real-world and simulated datasets for varying settings of privacy, concept drift, and data distribution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PATO: Producibility-Aware Topology Optimization using Deep Learning for Metal Additive Manufacturing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04552">arxiv:2112.04552</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Naresh S. Iyer, Amir M. Mirzendehdel, Sathyanarayanan Raghavan, Yang Jiao, Erva Ulu, Morad Behandish, Saigopal Nelaturi, Dean M. Robinson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose PATO-a producibility-aware topology optimization (TO) framework to help efficiently explore the design space of components fabricated using metal additive manufacturing (AM), while ensuring manufacturability with respect to cracking. Specifically, parts fabricated through Laser Powder Bed Fusion are prone to defects such as warpage or cracking due to high residual stress values generated from the steep thermal gradients produced during the build process. Maturing the design for such parts and planning their fabrication can span months to years, often involving multiple handoffs between design and manufacturing engineers. PATO is based on the a priori discovery of crack-free designs, so that the optimized part can be built defect-free at the outset. To ensure that the design is crack free during optimization, producibility is explicitly encoded within the standard formulation of TO, using a crack index. Multiple crack indices are explored and using experimental validation, maximum shear strain index (MSSI) is shown to be an accurate crack index. Simulating the build process is a coupled, multi-physics computation and incorporating it in the TO loop can be computationally prohibitive. We leverage the current advances in deep convolutional neural networks and present a high-fidelity surrogate model based on an Attention-based U-Net architecture to predict the MSSI values as a spatially varying field over the part's domain. Further, we employ automatic differentiation to directly compute the gradient of maximum MSSI with respect to the input design variables and augment it with the performance-based sensitivity field to optimize the design while considering the trade-off between weight, manufacturability, and functionality. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method through benchmark studies in 3D as well as experimental validation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Does Structure Matter? Leveraging Data-to-Text Generation for Answering Complex Information Needs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04344">arxiv:2112.04344</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hanane Djeddal, Thomas Gerald, Laure Soulier, Karen Pinel-Sauvagnat, Lynda Tamine</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, our aim is to provide a structured answer in natural language to a complex information need. Particularly, we envision using generative models from the perspective of data-to-text generation. We propose the use of a content selection and planning pipeline which aims at structuring the answer by generating intermediate plans. The experimental evaluation is performed using the TREC Complex Answer Retrieval (CAR) dataset. We evaluate both the generated answer and its corresponding structure and show the effectiveness of planning-based models in comparison to a text-to-text model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Radar Occupancy Prediction with Lidar Supervision while Preserving Long-Range Sensing and Penetrating Capabilities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04282">arxiv:2112.04282</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pou-Chun Kung, Chieh-Chih Wang, Wen-Chieh Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Radar shows great potential for autonomous driving by accomplishing long-range sensing under diverse weather conditions. But radar is also a particularly challenging sensing modality due to the radar noises. Recent works have made enormous progress in classifying free and occupied spaces in radar images by leveraging lidar label supervision. However, there are still several unsolved issues. Firstly, the sensing distance of the results is limited by the sensing range of lidar. Secondly, the performance of the results is degenerated by lidar due to the physical sensing discrepancies between the two sensors. For example, some objects visible to lidar are invisible to radar, and some objects occluded in lidar scans are visible in radar images because of the radar's penetrating capability. These sensing differences cause false positive and penetrating capability degeneration, respectively.
  In this paper, we propose training data preprocessing and polar sliding window inference to solve the issues. The data preprocessing aims to reduce the effect caused by radar-invisible measurements in lidar scans. The polar sliding window inference aims to solve the limited sensing range issue by applying a near-range trained network to the long-range region. Instead of using common Cartesian representation, we propose to use polar representation to reduce the shape dissimilarity between long-range and near-range data. We find that extending a near-range trained network to long-range region inference in the polar space has 4.2 times better IoU than in Cartesian space. Besides, the polar sliding window inference can preserve the radar penetrating capability by changing the viewpoint of the inference region, which makes some occluded measurements seem non-occluded for a pretrained network.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Equity Promotion in Online Resource Allocation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04169">arxiv:2112.04169</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pan Xu, Yifan Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider online resource allocation under a typical non-profit setting, where limited or even scarce resources are administered by a not-for-profit organization like a government. We focus on the internal-equity by assuming that arriving requesters are homogeneous in terms of their external factors like demands but heterogeneous for their internal attributes like demographics. Specifically, we associate each arriving requester with one or several groups based on their demographics (i.e., race, gender, and age), and we aim to design an equitable distributing strategy such that every group of requesters can receive a fair share of resources proportional to a preset target ratio. We present two LP-based sampling algorithms and investigate them both theoretically (in terms of competitive-ratio analysis) and experimentally based on real COVID-19 vaccination data maintained by the Minnesota Department of Health. Both theoretical and numerical results show that our LP-based sampling strategies can effectively promote equity, especially when the arrival population is disproportionately represented, as observed in the early stage of the COVID-19 vaccine rollout.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Model-Value Inconsistency as a Signal for Epistemic Uncertainty</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04153">arxiv:2112.04153</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Angelos Filos, Eszter Vértes, Zita Marinho, Gregory Farquhar, Diana Borsa, Abram Friesen, Feryal Behbahani, Tom Schaul, André Barreto, Simon Osindero</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Using a model of the environment and a value function, an agent can construct many estimates of a state's value, by unrolling the model for different lengths and bootstrapping with its value function. Our key insight is that one can treat this set of value estimates as a type of ensemble, which we call an \emph{implicit value ensemble} (IVE). Consequently, the discrepancy between these estimates can be used as a proxy for the agent's epistemic uncertainty; we term this signal \emph{model-value inconsistency} or \emph{self-inconsistency} for short. Unlike prior work which estimates uncertainty by training an ensemble of many models and/or value functions, this approach requires only the single model and value function which are already being learned in most model-based reinforcement learning algorithms. We provide empirical evidence in both tabular and function approximation settings from pixels that self-inconsistency is useful (i) as a signal for exploration, (ii) for acting safely under distribution shifts, and (iii) for robustifying value-based planning with a model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reverse image filtering using total derivative approximation and accelerated gradient descent</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04121">arxiv:2112.04121</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Fernando J. Galetto, Guang Deng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we address a new problem of reversing the effect of an image filter, which can be linear or nonlinear. The assumption is that the algorithm of the filter is unknown and the filter is available as a black box. We formulate this inverse problem as minimizing a local patch-based cost function and use total derivative to approximate the gradient which is used in gradient descent to solve the problem. We analyze factors affecting the convergence and quality of the output in the Fourier domain. We also study the application of accelerated gradient descent algorithms in three gradient-free reverse filters, including the one proposed in this paper. We present results from extensive experiments to evaluate the complexity and effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. Results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art in that (1) it is at the same level of complexity as that of the fastest reverse filter, but it can reverse a larger number of filters, and (2) it can reverse the same list of filters as that of the very complex reverse filter, but its complexity is much smaller.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ADBCMM : Acronym Disambiguation by Building Counterfactuals and Multilingual Mixing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.08991">arxiv:2112.08991</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yixuan Weng, Fei Xia, Bin Li, Xiusheng Huang, Shizhu He, Kang Liu, Jun Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Scientific documents often contain a large number of acronyms. Disambiguation of these acronyms will help researchers better understand the meaning of vocabulary in the documents. In the past, thanks to large amounts of data from English literature, acronym task was mainly applied in English literature. However, for other low-resource languages, this task is difficult to obtain good performance and receives less attention due to the lack of large amount of annotation data. To address the above issue, this paper proposes an new method for acronym disambiguation, named as ADBCMM, which can significantly improve the performance of low-resource languages by building counterfactuals and multilingual mixing. Specifically, by balancing data bias in low-resource langauge, ADBCMM will able to improve the test performance outside the data set. In SDU@AAAI-22 - Shared Task 2: Acronym Disambiguation, the proposed method won first place in French and Spanish. You can repeat our results here https://github.com/WENGSYX/ADBCMM.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A cross-domain recommender system using deep coupled autoencoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.07617">arxiv:2112.07617</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Alexandros Gkillas, Dimitrios Kosmopoulos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Long-standing data sparsity and cold-start constitute thorny and perplexing problems for the recommendation systems. Cross-domain recommendation as a domain adaptation framework has been utilized to efficiently address these challenging issues, by exploiting information from multiple domains. In this study, an item-level relevance cross-domain recommendation task is explored, where two related domains, that is, the source and the target domain contain common items without sharing sensitive information regarding the users' behavior, and thus avoiding the leak of user privacy. In light of this scenario, two novel coupled autoencoder-based deep learning methods are proposed for cross-domain recommendation. The first method aims to simultaneously learn a pair of autoencoders in order to reveal the intrinsic representations of the items in the source and target domains, along with a coupled mapping function to model the non-linear relationships between these representations, thus transferring beneficial information from the source to the target domain. The second method is derived based on a new joint regularized optimization problem, which employs two autoencoders to generate in a deep and non-linear manner the user and item-latent factors, while at the same time a data-driven function is learnt to map the item-latent factors across domains. Extensive numerical experiments on two publicly available benchmark datasets are conducted illustrating the superior performance of our proposed methods compared to several state-of-the-art cross-domain recommendation frameworks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Open-World EEG Decoding via Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.06654">arxiv:2112.06654</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Xun Chen, Chang Li, Aiping Liu, Martin J. McKeown, Ruobing Qian, Z. Jane Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Electroencephalogram (EEG) decoding aims to identify the perceptual, semantic, and cognitive content of neural processing based on non-invasively measured brain activity. Traditional EEG decoding methods have achieved moderate success when applied to data acquired in static, well-controlled lab environments. However, an open-world environment is a more realistic setting, where situations affecting EEG recordings can emerge unexpectedly, significantly weakening the robustness of existing methods. In recent years, deep learning (DL) has emerged as a potential solution for such problems due to its superior capacity in feature extraction. It overcomes the limitations of defining `handcrafted' features or features extracted using shallow architectures, but typically requires large amounts of costly, expertly-labelled data - something not always obtainable. Combining DL with domain-specific knowledge may allow for development of robust approaches to decode brain activity even with small-sample data. Although various DL methods have been proposed to tackle some of the challenges in EEG decoding, a systematic tutorial overview, particularly for open-world applications, is currently lacking. This article therefore provides a comprehensive survey of DL methods for open-world EEG decoding, and identifies promising research directions to inspire future studies for EEG decoding in real-world applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DriPP: Driven Point Processes to Model Stimuli Induced Patterns in M/EEG Signals</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.06652">arxiv:2112.06652</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Cédric Allain, Alexandre Gramfort, Thomas Moreau, A Preprint</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The quantitative analysis of non-invasive electrophysiology signals from electroencephalography (EEG) and magnetoencephalography (MEG) boils down to the identification of temporal patterns such as evoked responses, transient bursts of neural oscillations but also blinks or heartbeats for data cleaning. Several works have shown that these patterns can be extracted efficiently in an unsupervised way, e.g., using Convolutional Dictionary Learning. This leads to an event-based description of the data. Given these events, a natural question is to estimate how their occurrences are modulated by certain cognitive tasks and experimental manipulations. To address it, we propose a point process approach. While point processes have been used in neuroscience in the past, in particular for single cell recordings (spike trains), techniques such as Convolutional Dictionary Learning make them amenable to human studies based on EEG/MEG signals. We develop a novel statistical point process model-called driven temporal point processes (DriPP)-where the intensity function of the point process model is linked to a set of point processes corresponding to stimulation events. We derive a fast and principled expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm to estimate the parameters of this model. Simulations reveal that model parameters can be identified from long enough signals. Results on standard MEG datasets demonstrate that our methodology reveals event-related neural responses-both evoked and induced-and isolates non-task specific temporal patterns.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accoustate: Auto-annotation of IMU-generated Activity Signatures under Smart Infrastructure</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.06651">arxiv:2112.06651</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Soumyajit Chatterjee, Arun Singh, Bivas Mitra, Sandip Chakraborty</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human activities within smart infrastructures generate a vast amount of IMU data from the wearables worn by individuals. Many existing studies rely on such sensory data for human activity recognition (HAR); however, one of the major bottlenecks is their reliance on pre-annotated or labeled data. Manual human-driven annotations are neither scalable nor efficient, whereas existing auto-annotation techniques heavily depend on video signatures. Still, video-based auto-annotation needs high computation resources and has privacy concerns when the data from a personal space, like a smart-home, is transferred to the cloud. This paper exploits the acoustic signatures generated from human activities to label the wearables' IMU data at the edge, thus mitigating resource requirement and data privacy concerns. We utilize acoustic-based pre-trained HAR models for cross-modal labeling of the IMU data even when two individuals perform simultaneous but different activities under the same environmental context. We observe that non-overlapping acoustic gaps exist with a high probability during the simultaneous activities performed by two individuals in the environment's acoustic context, which helps us resolve the overlapping activity signatures to label them individually. A principled evaluation of the proposed approach on two real-life in-house datasets further augmented to create a dual occupant setup, shows that the framework can correctly annotate a significant volume of unlabeled IMU data from both individuals with an accuracy of $\mathbf{82.59\%}$ ($\mathbf{\pm 17.94\%}$) and $\mathbf{98.32\%}$ ($\mathbf{\pm 3.68\%}$), respectively, for a workshop and a kitchen environment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PRNet: A Periodic Residual Learning Network for Crowd Flow Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.06132">arxiv:2112.06132</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Chengxin Wang, Yuxuan Liang, Gary Tan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Crowd flow forecasting, e.g., predicting the crowds entering or leaving certain regions, is of great importance to real-world urban applications. One of the key properties of crowd flow data is periodicity: a pattern that occurs at regular time intervals, such as a weekly pattern. To capture such periodicity, existing studies either explicitly model it based on the periodic hidden states or implicitly learn it by feeding all periodic segments into neural networks. In this paper, we devise a novel periodic residual learning network (PRNet) for better modeling the periodicity in crowd flow data. Differing from existing methods, PRNet frames the crowd flow forecasting as a periodic residual learning problem by modeling the deviation between the input (the previous time period) and the output (the future time period). As compared to predicting highly dynamic crowd flows directly, learning such stationary deviation is much easier, which thus facilitates the model training. Besides, the learned deviation enables the network to produce the residual between future conditions and its corresponding weekly observations at each time interval, and therefore contributes to substantially better predictions. We further propose a lightweight Spatial-Channel Enhanced Encoder to build more powerful region representations, by jointly capturing global spatial correlations and temporal dependencies. Experimental results on two real-world datasets demonstrate that PRNet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both accuracy and robustness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Label-free virtual HER2 immunohistochemical staining of breast tissue using deep learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.05240">arxiv:2112.05240</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Bijie Bai, Hongda Wang, Yuzhu Li, Kevin de Haan, Francesco Colonnese, Yujie Wan, Jingyi Zuo, Ngan B. Doan, Xiaoran Zhang, Yijie Zhang, Jingxi Li, Wenjie Dong, Morgan Angus Darrow, Elham Kamangar, Han Sung Lee, Yair Rivenson, Aydogan Ozcan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The immunohistochemical (IHC) staining of the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) biomarker is widely practiced in breast tissue analysis, preclinical studies and diagnostic decisions, guiding cancer treatment and investigation of pathogenesis. HER2 staining demands laborious tissue treatment and chemical processing performed by a histotechnologist, which typically takes one day to prepare in a laboratory, increasing analysis time and associated costs. Here, we describe a deep learning-based virtual HER2 IHC staining method using a conditional generative adversarial network that is trained to rapidly transform autofluorescence microscopic images of unlabeled/label-free breast tissue sections into bright-field equivalent microscopic images, matching the standard HER2 IHC staining that is chemically performed on the same tissue sections. The efficacy of this virtual HER2 staining framework was demonstrated by quantitative analysis, in which three board-certified breast pathologists blindly graded the HER2 scores of virtually stained and immunohistochemically stained HER2 whole slide images (WSIs) to reveal that the HER2 scores determined by inspecting virtual IHC images are as accurate as their immunohistochemically stained counterparts. A second quantitative blinded study performed by the same diagnosticians further revealed that the virtually stained HER2 images exhibit a comparable staining quality in the level of nuclear detail, membrane clearness, and absence of staining artifacts with respect to their immunohistochemically stained counterparts. This virtual HER2 staining framework bypasses the costly, laborious, and time-consuming IHC staining procedures in laboratory, and can be extended to other types of biomarkers to accelerate the IHC tissue staining used in life sciences and biomedical workflow.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Identification of Twitter Bots Based on an Explainable Machine Learning Framework: The US 2020 Elections Case Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04913">arxiv:2112.04913</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Alexander Shevtsov, Christos Tzagkarakis, Despoina Antonakaki, Sotiris Ioannidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Twitter is one of the most popular social networks attracting millions of users, while a considerable proportion of online discourse is captured. It provides a simple usage framework with short messages and an efficient application programming interface (API) enabling the research community to study and analyze several aspects of this social network. However, the Twitter usage simplicity can lead to malicious handling by various bots. The malicious handling phenomenon expands in online discourse, especially during the electoral periods, where except the legitimate bots used for dissemination and communication purposes, the goal is to manipulate the public opinion and the electorate towards a certain direction, specific ideology, or political party. This paper focuses on the design of a novel system for identifying Twitter bots based on labeled Twitter data. To this end, a supervised machine learning (ML) framework is adopted using an Extreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost) algorithm, where the hyper-parameters are tuned via cross-validation. Our study also deploys Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) for explaining the ML model predictions by calculating feature importance, using the game theoretic-based Shapley values. Experimental evaluation on distinct Twitter datasets demonstrate the superiority of our approach, in terms of bot detection accuracy, when compared against a recent state-of-the-art Twitter bot detection method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Trajectory-Constrained Deep Latent Visual Attention for Improved Local Planning in Presence of Heterogeneous Terrain</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04684">arxiv:2112.04684</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Stefan Wapnick, Travis Manderson, David Meger, Gregory Dudek</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a reward-predictive, model-based deep learning method featuring trajectory-constrained visual attention for use in mapless, local visual navigation tasks. Our method learns to place visual attention at locations in latent image space which follow trajectories caused by vehicle control actions to enhance predictive accuracy during planning. The attention model is jointly optimized by the task-specific loss and an additional trajectory-constraint loss, allowing adaptability yet encouraging a regularized structure for improved generalization and reliability. Importantly, visual attention is applied in latent feature map space instead of raw image space to promote efficient planning. We validated our model in visual navigation tasks of planning low turbulence, collision-free trajectories in off-road settings and hill climbing with locking differentials in the presence of slippery terrain. Experiments involved randomized procedural generated simulation and real-world environments. We found our method improved generalization and learning efficiency when compared to no-attention and self-attention alternatives.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Extending nn-UNet for brain tumor segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04653">arxiv:2112.04653</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Huan Minh Luu, Sung-Hong Park</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Brain tumor segmentation is essential for the diagnosis and prognosis of patients with gliomas. The brain tumor segmentation challenge has continued to provide a great source of data to develop automatic algorithms to perform the task. This paper describes our contribution to the 2021 competition. We developed our methods based on nn-UNet, the winning entry of last year competition. We experimented with several modifications, including using a larger network, replacing batch normalization with group normalization, and utilizing axial attention in the decoder. Internal 5-fold cross validation as well as online evaluation from the organizers showed the effectiveness of our approach, with minor improvement in quantitative metrics when compared to the baseline. The proposed models won first place in the final ranking on unseen test data. The codes, pretrained weights, and docker image for the winning submission are publicly available at https://github.com/rixez/Brats21_KAIST_MRI_Lab

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BACON: Band-limited Coordinate Networks for Multiscale Scene Representation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04645">arxiv:2112.04645</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>David B. Lindell, Dave Van Veen, Jeong Joon Park, Gordon Wetzstein</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Coordinate-based networks have emerged as a powerful tool for 3D representation and scene reconstruction. These networks are trained to map continuous input coordinates to the value of a signal at each point. Still, current architectures are black boxes: their spectral characteristics cannot be easily analyzed, and their behavior at unsupervised points is difficult to predict. Moreover, these networks are typically trained to represent a signal at a single scale, and so naive downsampling or upsampling results in artifacts. We introduce band-limited coordinate networks (BACON), a network architecture with an analytical Fourier spectrum. BACON has predictable behavior at unsupervised points, can be designed based on the spectral characteristics of the represented signal, and can represent signals at multiple scales without explicit supervision. We demonstrate BACON for multiscale neural representation of images, radiance fields, and 3D scenes using signed distance functions and show that it outperforms conventional single-scale coordinate networks in terms of interpretability and quality.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Gaussian Process Constraint Learning for Scalable Chance-Constrained Motion Planning from Demonstrations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04612">arxiv:2112.04612</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Glen Chou, Hao Wang, Dmitry Berenson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a method for learning constraints represented as Gaussian processes (GPs) from locally-optimal demonstrations. Our approach uses the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (KKT) optimality conditions to determine where on the demonstrations the constraint is tight, and a scaling of the constraint gradient at those states. We then train a GP representation of the constraint which is consistent with and which generalizes this information. We further show that the GP uncertainty can be used within a kinodynamic RRT to plan probabilistically-safe trajectories, and that we can exploit the GP structure within the planner to exactly achieve a specified safety probability. We demonstrate our method can learn complex, nonlinear constraints demonstrated on a 5D nonholonomic car, a 12D quadrotor, and a 3-link planar arm, all while requiring minimal prior information on the constraint. Our results suggest the learned GP constraint is accurate, outperforming previous constraint learning methods that require more a priori knowledge.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhancing Food Intake Tracking in Long-Term Care with Automated Food Imaging and Nutrient Intake Tracking (AFINI-T) Technology</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04608">arxiv:2112.04608</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Kaylen J. Pfisterer, Robert Amelard, Jennifer Boger, Audrey G. Chung, Heather H. Keller, Alexander Wong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Half of long-term care (LTC) residents are malnourished increasing hospitalization, mortality, morbidity, with lower quality of life. Current tracking methods are subjective and time consuming. This paper presents the automated food imaging and nutrient intake tracking (AFINI-T) technology designed for LTC. We propose a novel convolutional autoencoder for food classification, trained on an augmented UNIMIB2016 dataset and tested on our simulated LTC food intake dataset (12 meal scenarios; up to 15 classes each; top-1 classification accuracy: 88.9%; mean intake error: -0.4 mL$\pm$36.7 mL). Nutrient intake estimation by volume was strongly linearly correlated with nutrient estimates from mass ($r^2$ 0.92 to 0.99) with good agreement between methods ($σ$= -2.7 to -0.01; zero within each of the limits of agreement). The AFINI-T approach is a deep-learning powered computational nutrient sensing system that may provide a novel means for more accurately and objectively tracking LTC resident food intake to support and prevent malnutrition tracking strategies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>STAF: A Spatio-Temporal Attention Fusion Network for Few-shot Video Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04585">arxiv:2112.04585</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Rex Liu, Huanle Zhang, Hamed Pirsiavash, Xin Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose STAF, a Spatio-Temporal Attention Fusion network for few-shot video classification. STAF first extracts coarse-grained spatial and temporal features of videos by applying a 3D Convolution Neural Networks embedding network. It then fine-tunes the extracted features using self-attention and cross-attention networks. Last, STAF applies a lightweight fusion network and a nearest neighbor classifier to classify each query video. To evaluate STAF, we conduct extensive experiments on three benchmarks (UCF101, HMDB51, and Something-Something-V2). The experimental results show that STAF improves state-of-the-art accuracy by a large margin, e.g., STAF increases the five-way one-shot accuracy by 5.3% and 7.0% for UCF101 and HMDB51, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CoSSL: Co-Learning of Representation and Classifier for Imbalanced Semi-Supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04564">arxiv:2112.04564</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yue Fan, Dengxin Dai, Bernt Schiele</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a novel co-learning framework (CoSSL) with decoupled representation learning and classifier learning for imbalanced SSL. To handle the data imbalance, we devise Tail-class Feature Enhancement (TFE) for classifier learning. Furthermore, the current evaluation protocol for imbalanced SSL focuses only on balanced test sets, which has limited practicality in real-world scenarios. Therefore, we further conduct a comprehensive evaluation under various shifted test distributions. In experiments, we show that our approach outperforms other methods over a large range of shifted distributions, achieving state-of-the-art performance on benchmark datasets ranging from CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, ImageNet, to Food-101. Our code will be made publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SoK: Anti-Facial Recognition Technology</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04558">arxiv:2112.04558</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Emily Wenger, Shawn Shan, Haitao Zheng, Ben Y. Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The rapid adoption of facial recognition (FR) technology by both government and commercial entities in recent years has raised concerns about civil liberties and privacy. In response, a broad suite of so-called "anti-facial recognition" (AFR) tools has been developed to help users avoid unwanted facial recognition. The set of AFR tools proposed in the last few years is wide-ranging and rapidly evolving, necessitating a step back to consider the broader design space of AFR systems and long-term challenges. This paper aims to fill that gap and provides the first comprehensive analysis of the AFR research landscape. Using the operational stages of FR systems as a starting point, we create a systematic framework for analyzing the benefits and tradeoffs of different AFR approaches. We then consider both technical and social challenges facing AFR tools and propose directions for future research in this field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring Temporal Granularity in Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04480">arxiv:2112.04480</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Rui Qian, Yeqing Li, Liangzhe Yuan, Boqing Gong, Ting Liu, Matthew Brown, Serge Belongie, Ming-Hsuan Yang, Hartwig Adam, Yin Cui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work presents a self-supervised learning framework named TeG to explore Temporal Granularity in learning video representations. In TeG, we sample a long clip from a video and a short clip that lies inside the long clip. We then extract their dense temporal embeddings. The training objective consists of two parts: a fine-grained temporal learning objective to maximize the similarity between corresponding temporal embeddings in the short clip and the long clip, and a persistent temporal learning objective to pull together global embeddings of the two clips. Our study reveals the impact of temporal granularity with three major findings. 1) Different video tasks may require features of different temporal granularities. 2) Intriguingly, some tasks that are widely considered to require temporal awareness can actually be well addressed by temporally persistent features. 3) The flexibility of TeG gives rise to state-of-the-art results on 8 video benchmarks, outperforming supervised pre-training in most cases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimistic Rates: A Unifying Theory for Interpolation Learning and Regularization in Linear Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04470">arxiv:2112.04470</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Lijia Zhou, Frederic Koehler, Danica J. Sutherland, Nathan Srebro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study a localized notion of uniform convergence known as an "optimistic rate" (Panchenko 2002; Srebro et al. 2010) for linear regression with Gaussian data. Our refined analysis avoids the hidden constant and logarithmic factor in existing results, which are known to be crucial in high-dimensional settings, especially for understanding interpolation learning. As a special case, our analysis recovers the guarantee from Koehler et al. (2021), which tightly characterizes the population risk of low-norm interpolators under the benign overfitting conditions. Our optimistic rate bound, though, also analyzes predictors with arbitrary training error. This allows us to recover some classical statistical guarantees for ridge and LASSO regression under random designs, and helps us obtain a precise understanding of the excess risk of near-interpolators in the over-parameterized regime.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhancing Counterfactual Classification via Self-Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04461">arxiv:2112.04461</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ruijiang Gao, Max Biggs, Wei Sun, Ligong Han</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unlike traditional supervised learning, in many settings only partial feedback is available. We may only observe outcomes for the chosen actions, but not the counterfactual outcomes associated with other alternatives. Such settings encompass a wide variety of applications including pricing, online marketing and precision medicine. A key challenge is that observational data are influenced by historical policies deployed in the system, yielding a biased data distribution. We approach this task as a domain adaptation problem and propose a self-training algorithm which imputes outcomes with categorical values for finite unseen actions in the observational data to simulate a randomized trial through pseudolabeling, which we refer to as Counterfactual Self-Training (CST). CST iteratively imputes pseudolabels and retrains the model. In addition, we show input consistency loss can further improve CST performance which is shown in recent theoretical analysis of pseudolabeling. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms on both synthetic and real datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Supervised Speaker Verification with Simple Siamese Network and Self-Supervised Regularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04459">arxiv:2112.04459</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Mufan Sang, Haoqi Li, Fang Liu, Andrew O. Arnold, Li Wan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Training speaker-discriminative and robust speaker verification systems without speaker labels is still challenging and worthwhile to explore. In this study, we propose an effective self-supervised learning framework and a novel regularization strategy to facilitate self-supervised speaker representation learning. Different from contrastive learning-based self-supervised learning methods, the proposed self-supervised regularization (SSReg) focuses exclusively on the similarity between the latent representations of positive data pairs. We also explore the effectiveness of alternative online data augmentation strategies on both the time domain and frequency domain. With our strong online data augmentation strategy, the proposed SSReg shows the potential of self-supervised learning without using negative pairs and it can significantly improve the performance of self-supervised speaker representation learning with a simple Siamese network architecture. Comprehensive experiments on the VoxCeleb datasets demonstrate that our proposed self-supervised approach obtains a 23.4% relative improvement by adding the effective self-supervised regularization and outperforms other previous works.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Autoencoder-based Communications with Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04441">arxiv:2112.04441</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Tugba Erpek, Yalin E. Sagduyu, Ahmed Alkhateeb, Aylin Yener</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents a novel approach for the joint design of a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) and a transmitter-receiver pair that are trained together as a set of deep neural networks (DNNs) to optimize the end-to-end communication performance at the receiver. The RIS is a software-defined array of unit cells that can be controlled in terms of the scattering and reflection profiles to focus the incoming signals from the transmitter to the receiver. The benefit of the RIS is to improve the coverage and spectral efficiency for wireless communications by overcoming physical obstructions of the line-of-sight (LoS) links. The selection process of the RIS beam codeword (out of a pre-defined codebook) is formulated as a DNN, while the operations of the transmitter-receiver pair are modeled as two DNNs, one for the encoder (at the transmitter) and the other one for the decoder (at the receiver) of an autoencoder, by accounting for channel effects including those induced by the RIS in between. The underlying DNNs are jointly trained to minimize the symbol error rate at the receiver. Numerical results show that the proposed design achieves major gains in error performance with respect to various baseline schemes, where no RIS is used or the selection of the RIS beam is separated from the design of the transmitter-receiver pair.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptive R-Peak Detection on Wearable ECG Sensors for High-Intensity Exercise</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04369">arxiv:2112.04369</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Elisabetta De Giovanni, Tomas Teijeiro, Grégoire P. Millet, David Atienza</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Objective: Continuous monitoring of biosignals via wearable sensors has quickly expanded in the medical and wellness fields. At rest, automatic detection of vital parameters is generally accurate. However, in conditions such as high-intensity exercise, sudden physiological changes occur to the signals, compromising the robustness of standard algorithms. Methods: Our method, called BayeSlope, is based on unsupervised learning, Bayesian filtering, and non-linear normalization to enhance and correctly detect the R peaks according to their expected positions in the ECG. Furthermore, as BayeSlope is computationally heavy and can drain the device battery quickly, we propose an online design that adapts its robustness to sudden physiological changes, and its complexity to the heterogeneous resources of modern embedded platforms. This method combines BayeSlope with a lightweight algorithm, executed in cores with different capabilities, to reduce the energy consumption while preserving the accuracy. Results: BayeSlope achieves an F1 score of 99.3% in experiments during intense cycling exercise with 20 subjects. Additionally, the online adaptive process achieves an F1 score of 99% across five different exercise intensities, with a total energy consumption of 1.55+-0.54~mJ. Conclusion: We propose a highly accurate and robust method, and a complete energy-efficient implementation in a modern ultra-low-power embedded platform to improve R peak detection in challenging conditions, such as during high-intensity exercise. Significance: The experiments show that BayeSlope outperforms a state-of-the-art algorithm up to 8.4% in F1 score, while our online adaptive method can reach energy savings up to 38.7% on modern heterogeneous wearable platforms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semantic TrueLearn: Using Semantic Knowledge Graphs in Recommendation Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04368">arxiv:2112.04368</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Sahan Bulathwela, María Pérez-Ortiz, Emine Yilmaz, John Shawe-Taylor</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In informational recommenders, many challenges arise from the need to handle the semantic and hierarchical structure between knowledge areas. This work aims to advance towards building a state-aware educational recommendation system that incorporates semantic relatedness between knowledge topics, propagating latent information across semantically related topics. We introduce a novel learner model that exploits this semantic relatedness between knowledge components in learning resources using the Wikipedia link graph, with the aim to better predict learner engagement and latent knowledge in a lifelong learning scenario. In this sense, Semantic TrueLearn builds a humanly intuitive knowledge representation while leveraging Bayesian machine learning to improve the predictive performance of the educational engagement. Our experiments with a large dataset demonstrate that this new semantic version of TrueLearn algorithm achieves statistically significant improvements in terms of predictive performance with a simple extension that adds semantic awareness to the model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On visual self-supervision and its effect on model robustness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04367">arxiv:2112.04367</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Michal Kucer, Diane Oyen, Garrett Kenyon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent self-supervision methods have found success in learning feature representations that could rival ones from full supervision, and have been shown to be beneficial to the model in several ways: for example improving models robustness and out-of-distribution detection. In our paper, we conduct an empirical study to understand more precisely in what way can self-supervised learning - as a pre-training technique or part of adversarial training - affects model robustness to $l_2$ and $l_{\infty}$ adversarial perturbations and natural image corruptions. Self-supervision can indeed improve model robustness, however it turns out the devil is in the details. If one simply adds self-supervision loss in tandem with adversarial training, then one sees improvement in accuracy of the model when evaluated with adversarial perturbations smaller or comparable to the value of $ε_{train}$ that the robust model is trained with. However, if one observes the accuracy for $ε_{test} \ge ε_{train}$, the model accuracy drops. In fact, the larger the weight of the supervision loss, the larger the drop in performance, i.e. harming the robustness of the model. We identify primary ways in which self-supervision can be added to adversarial training, and observe that using a self-supervised loss to optimize both network parameters and find adversarial examples leads to the strongest improvement in model robustness, as this can be viewed as a form of ensemble adversarial training. Although self-supervised pre-training yields benefits in improving adversarial training as compared to random weight initialization, we observe no benefit in model robustness or accuracy if self-supervision is incorporated into adversarial training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalization Error Bounds for Iterative Recovery Algorithms Unfolded as Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04364">arxiv:2112.04364</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ekkehard Schnoor, Arash Behboodi, Holger Rauhut</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Motivated by the learned iterative soft thresholding algorithm (LISTA), we introduce a general class of neural networks suitable for sparse reconstruction from few linear measurements. By allowing a wide range of degrees of weight-sharing between the layers, we enable a unified analysis for very different neural network types, ranging from recurrent ones to networks more similar to standard feedforward neural networks. Based on training samples, via empirical risk minimization we aim at learning the optimal network parameters and thereby the optimal network that reconstructs signals from their low-dimensional linear measurements. We derive generalization bounds by analyzing the Rademacher complexity of hypothesis classes consisting of such deep networks, that also take into account the thresholding parameters. We obtain estimates of the sample complexity that essentially depend only linearly on the number of parameters and on the depth. We apply our main result to obtain specific generalization bounds for several practical examples, including different algorithms for (implicit) dictionary learning, and convolutional neural networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Geometry-Aware Fruit Grasping Estimation for Robotic Harvesting in Orchards</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04363">arxiv:2112.04363</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Hanwen Kang, Xing Wang, Chao Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Field robotic harvesting is a promising technique in recent development of agricultural industry. It is vital for robots to recognise and localise fruits before the harvesting in natural orchards. However, the workspace of harvesting robots in orchards is complex: many fruits are occluded by branches and leaves. It is important to estimate a proper grasping pose for each fruit before performing the manipulation. In this study, a geometry-aware network, A3N, is proposed to perform end-to-end instance segmentation and grasping estimation using both color and geometry sensory data from a RGB-D camera. Besides, workspace geometry modelling is applied to assist the robotic manipulation. Moreover, we implement a global-to-local scanning strategy, which enables robots to accurately recognise and retrieve fruits in field environments with two consumer-level RGB-D cameras. We also evaluate the accuracy and robustness of proposed network comprehensively in experiments. The experimental results show that A3N achieves 0.873 on instance segmentation accuracy, with an average computation time of 35 ms. The average accuracy of grasping estimation is 0.61 cm and 4.8$^{\circ}$ in centre and orientation, respectively. Overall, the robotic system that utilizes the global-to-local scanning and A3N, achieves success rate of harvesting ranging from 70\% - 85\% in field harvesting experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transformer based trajectory prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04350">arxiv:2112.04350</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Aleksey Postnikov, Aleksander Gamayunov, Gonzalo Ferrer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To plan a safe and efficient route, an autonomous vehicle should anticipate future motions of other agents around it. Motion prediction is an extremely challenging task which recently gained significant attention of the research community. In this work, we present a simple and yet strong baseline for uncertainty aware motion prediction based purely on transformer neural networks, which has shown its effectiveness in conditions of domain change. While being easy-to-implement, the proposed approach achieves competitive performance and ranks 1$^{st}$ on the 2021 Shifts Vehicle Motion Prediction Competition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Burn After Reading: Online Adaptation for Cross-domain Streaming Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04345">arxiv:2112.04345</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Luyu Yang, Mingfei Gao, Zeyuan Chen, Ran Xu, Abhinav Shrivastava, Chetan Ramaiah</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the context of online privacy, many methods propose complex privacy and security preserving measures to protect sensitive data. In this paper, we argue that: not storing any sensitive data is the best form of security. Thus we propose an online framework that "burns after reading", i.e. each online sample is immediately deleted after it is processed. Meanwhile, we tackle the inevitable distribution shift between the labeled public data and unlabeled private data as a problem of unsupervised domain adaptation. Specifically, we propose a novel algorithm that aims at the most fundamental challenge of the online adaptation setting--the lack of diverse source-target data pairs. Therefore, we design a Cross-Domain Bootstrapping approach, called CroDoBo, to increase the combined diversity across domains. Further, to fully exploit the valuable discrepancies among the diverse combinations, we employ the training strategy of multiple learners with co-supervision. CroDoBo achieves state-of-the-art online performance on four domain adaptation benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Estimation in Rotationally Invariant Generalized Linear Models via Approximate Message Passing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04330">arxiv:2112.04330</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ramji Venkataramanan, Kevin Kögler, Marco Mondelli</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of signal estimation in generalized linear models defined via rotationally invariant design matrices. Since these matrices can have an arbitrary spectral distribution, this model is well suited to capture complex correlation structures which often arise in applications. We propose a novel family of approximate message passing (AMP) algorithms for signal estimation, and rigorously characterize their performance in the high-dimensional limit via a state evolution recursion. Assuming knowledge of the design matrix spectrum, our rotationally invariant AMP has complexity of the same order as the existing AMP for Gaussian matrices; it also recovers the existing AMP as a special case. Numerical results showcase a performance close to Vector AMP (which is conjectured to be Bayes-optimal in some settings), but obtained with a much lower complexity, as the proposed algorithm does not require a computationally expensive singular value decomposition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multiway Ensemble Kalman Filter</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04322">arxiv:2112.04322</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yu Wang, Alfred Hero</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we study the emergence of sparsity and multiway structures in second-order statistical characterizations of dynamical processes governed by partial differential equations (PDEs). We consider several state-of-the-art multiway covariance and inverse covariance (precision) matrix estimators and examine their pros and cons in terms of accuracy and interpretability in the context of physics-driven forecasting when incorporated into the ensemble Kalman filter (EnKF). In particular, we show that multiway data generated from the Poisson and the convection-diffusion types of PDEs can be accurately tracked via EnKF when integrated with appropriate covariance and precision matrix estimators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving the Training of Graph Neural Networks with Consistency Regularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04319">arxiv:2112.04319</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Chenhui Zhang, Yufei He, Yukuo Cen, Zhenyu Hou, Jie Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph neural networks (GNNs) have achieved notable success in the semi-supervised learning scenario. The message passing mechanism in graph neural networks helps unlabeled nodes gather supervision signals from their labeled neighbors. In this work, we investigate how consistency regularization, one of widely adopted semi-supervised learning methods, can help improve the performance of graph neural networks. We revisit two methods of consistency regularization for graph neural networks. One is simple consistency regularization (SCR), and the other is mean-teacher consistency regularization (MCR). We combine the consistency regularization methods with two state-of-the-art GNNs and conduct experiments on the ogbn-products dataset. With the consistency regularization, the performance of state-of-the-art GNNs can be improved by 0.3% on the ogbn-products dataset of Open Graph Benchmark (OGB) both with and without external data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Trainability for Universal GNNs Through Surgical Randomness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04314">arxiv:2112.04314</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Billy Joe Franks, Markus Anders, Marius Kloft, Pascal Schweitzer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Message passing neural networks (MPNN) have provable limitations, which can be overcome by universal networks. However, universal networks are typically impractical. The only exception is random node initialization (RNI), a data augmentation method that results in provably universal networks. Unfortunately, RNI suffers from severe drawbacks such as slow convergence and high sensitivity to changes in hyperparameters. We transfer powerful techniques from the practical world of graph isomorphism testing to MPNNs, resolving these drawbacks. This culminates in individualization-refinement node initialization (IRNI). We replace the indiscriminate and haphazard randomness used in RNI by a surgical incision of only a few random bits at well-selected nodes. Our novel non-intrusive data-augmentation scheme maintains the networks' universality while resolving the trainability issues. We formally prove the claimed universality and corroborate experimentally -- on synthetic benchmarks sets previously explicitly designed for that purpose -- that IRNI overcomes the limitations of MPNNs. We also verify the practical efficacy of our approach on the standard benchmark data sets PROTEINS and NCI1.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Geometry-Guided Progressive NeRF for Generalizable and Efficient Neural Human Rendering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04312">arxiv:2112.04312</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Mingfei Chen, Jianfeng Zhang, Xiangyu Xu, Lijuan Liu, Jiashi Feng, Shuicheng Yan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we develop a generalizable and efficient Neural Radiance Field (NeRF) pipeline for high-fidelity free-viewpoint human body synthesis under settings with sparse camera views. Though existing NeRF-based methods can synthesize rather realistic details for human body, they tend to produce poor results when the input has self-occlusion, especially for unseen humans under sparse views. Moreover, these methods often require a large number of sampling points for rendering, which leads to low efficiency and limits their real-world applicability. To address these challenges, we propose a Geometry-guided Progressive NeRF~(GP-NeRF). In particular, to better tackle self-occlusion, we devise a geometry-guided multi-view feature integration approach that utilizes the estimated geometry prior to integrate the incomplete information from input views and construct a complete geometry volume for the target human body. Meanwhile, for achieving higher rendering efficiency, we introduce a geometry-guided progressive rendering pipeline, which leverages the geometric feature volume and the predicted density values to progressively reduce the number of sampling points and speed up the rendering process. Experiments on the ZJU-MoCap and THUman datasets show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-arts significantly across multiple generalization settings, while the time cost is reduced >70% via applying our efficient progressive rendering pipeline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GCA-Net : Utilizing Gated Context Attention for Improving Image Forgery Localization and Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04298">arxiv:2112.04298</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Sowmen Das, Md. Saiful Islam, Md. Ruhul Amin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Forensic analysis depends on the identification of hidden traces from manipulated images. Traditional neural networks fail in this task because of their inability in handling feature attenuation and reliance on the dominant spatial features. In this work we propose a novel Gated Context Attention Network (GCA-Net) that utilizes the non-local attention block for global context learning. Additionally, we utilize a gated attention mechanism in conjunction with a dense decoder network to direct the flow of relevant features during the decoding phase, allowing for precise localization. The proposed attention framework allows the network to focus on relevant regions by filtering the coarse features. Furthermore, by utilizing multi-scale feature fusion and efficient learning strategies, GCA-Net can better handle the scale variation of manipulated regions. We show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art networks by an average of 4.2%-5.4% AUC on multiple benchmark datasets. Lastly, we also conduct extensive ablation experiments to demonstrate the method's robustness for image forensics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>iRoPro: An interactive Robot Programming Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04289">arxiv:2112.04289</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ying Siu Liang, Damien Pellier, Humbert Fiorino, Sylvie Pesty</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The great diversity of end-user tasks ranging from manufacturing environments to personal homes makes pre-programming robots for general purpose applications extremely challenging. In fact, teaching robots new actions from scratch that can be reused for previously unseen tasks remains a difficult challenge and is generally left up to robotics experts. In this work, we present iRoPro, an interactive Robot Programming framework that allows end-users with little to no technical background to teach a robot new reusable actions. We combine Programming by Demonstration and Automated Planning techniques to allow the user to construct the robot's knowledge base by teaching new actions by kinesthetic demonstration. The actions are generalised and reused with a task planner to solve previously unseen problems defined by the user. We implement iRoPro as an end-to-end system on a Baxter Research Robot to simultaneously teach low- and high-level actions by demonstration that the user can customise via a Graphical User Interface to adapt to their specific use case. To evaluate the feasibility of our approach, we first conducted pre-design experiments to better understand the user's adoption of involved concepts and the proposed robot programming process. We compare results with post-design experiments, where we conducted a user study to validate the usability of our approach with real end-users. Overall, we showed that users with different programming levels and educational backgrounds can easily learn and use iRoPro and its robot programming process.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Implicit Neural Representations for Image Compression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04267">arxiv:2112.04267</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yannick Strümpler, Janis Postels, Ren Yang, Luc van Gool, Federico Tombari</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently Implicit Neural Representations (INRs) gained attention as a novel and effective representation for various data types. Thus far, prior work mostly focused on optimizing their reconstruction performance. This work investigates INRs from a novel perspective, i.e., as a tool for image compression. To this end, we propose the first comprehensive compression pipeline based on INRs including quantization, quantization-aware retraining and entropy coding. Encoding with INRs, i.e. overfitting to a data sample, is typically orders of magnitude slower. To mitigate this drawback, we leverage meta-learned initializations based on MAML to reach the encoding in fewer gradient updates which also generally improves rate-distortion performance of INRs. We find that our approach to source compression with INRs vastly outperforms similar prior work, is competitive with common compression algorithms designed specifically for images and closes the gap to state-of-the-art learned approaches based on Rate-Distortion Autoencoders. Moreover, we provide an extensive ablation study on the importance of individual components of our method which we hope facilitates future research on this novel approach to image compression.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Application of Deep Reinforcement Learning to Payment Fraud</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04236">arxiv:2112.04236</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Siddharth Vimal, Kanishka Kayathwal, Hardik Wadhwa, Gaurav Dhama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The large variety of digital payment choices available to consumers today has been a key driver of e-commerce transactions in the past decade. Unfortunately, this has also given rise to cybercriminals and fraudsters who are constantly looking for vulnerabilities in these systems by deploying increasingly sophisticated fraud attacks. A typical fraud detection system employs standard supervised learning methods where the focus is on maximizing the fraud recall rate. However, we argue that such a formulation can lead to sub-optimal solutions. The design requirements for these fraud models requires that they are robust to the high-class imbalance in the data, adaptive to changes in fraud patterns, maintain a balance between the fraud rate and the decline rate to maximize revenue, and be amenable to asynchronous feedback since usually there is a significant lag between the transaction and the fraud realization. To achieve this, we formulate fraud detection as a sequential decision-making problem by including the utility maximization within the model in the form of the reward function. The historical decline rate and fraud rate define the state of the system with a binary action space composed of approving or declining the transaction. In this study, we primarily focus on utility maximization and explore different reward functions to this end. The performance of the proposed Reinforcement Learning system has been evaluated for two publicly available fraud datasets using Deep Q-learning and compared with different classifiers. We aim to address the rest of the issues in future work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards automation of threat modeling based on a semantic model of attack patterns and weaknesses</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04231">arxiv:2112.04231</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Andrei Brazhuk</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This works considers challenges of building and usage a formal knowledge base (model), which unites the ATT&CK, CAPEC, CWE, CVE security enumerations. The proposed model can be used to learn relations between attack techniques, attack pattern, weaknesses, and vulnerabilities in order to build various threat landscapes, in particular, for threat modeling. The model is created as an ontology with freely available datasets in the OWL and RDF formats. The use of ontologies is an alternative of structural and graph based approaches to integrate the security enumerations. In this work we consider an approach of threat modeling with the data components of ATT&CK based on the knowledge base and an ontology driven threat modeling framework. Also, some evaluations are made, how it can be possible to use the ontological approach of threat modeling and which challenges this can be faced.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Replay For Safety</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04229">arxiv:2112.04229</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Liran Szlak, Ohad Shamir</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Experience replay \citep{lin1993reinforcement, mnih2015human} is a widely used technique to achieve efficient use of data and improved performance in RL algorithms. In experience replay, past transitions are stored in a memory buffer and re-used during learning. Various suggestions for sampling schemes from the replay buffer have been suggested in previous works, attempting to optimally choose those experiences which will most contribute to the convergence to an optimal policy. Here, we give some conditions on the replay sampling scheme that will ensure convergence, focusing on the well-known Q-learning algorithm in the tabular setting. After establishing sufficient conditions for convergence, we turn to suggest a slightly different usage for experience replay - replaying memories in a biased manner as a means to change the properties of the resulting policy. We initiate a rigorous study of experience replay as a tool to control and modify the properties of the resulting policy. In particular, we show that using an appropriate biased sampling scheme can allow us to achieve a \emph{safe} policy. We believe that using experience replay as a biasing mechanism that allows controlling the resulting policy in desirable ways is an idea with promising potential for many applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Progressive Multi-stage Interactive Training in Mobile Network for Fine-grained Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04223">arxiv:2112.04223</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Zhenxin Wu, Qingliang Chen, Yifeng Liu, Yinqi Zhang, Chengkai Zhu, Yang Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fine-grained Visual Classification (FGVC) aims to identify objects from subcategories. It is a very challenging task because of the subtle inter-class differences. Existing research applies large-scale convolutional neural networks or visual transformers as the feature extractor, which is extremely computationally expensive. In fact, real-world scenarios of fine-grained recognition often require a more lightweight mobile network that can be utilized offline. However, the fundamental mobile network feature extraction capability is weaker than large-scale models. In this paper, based on the lightweight MobilenetV2, we propose a Progressive Multi-Stage Interactive training method with a Recursive Mosaic Generator (RMG-PMSI). First, we propose a Recursive Mosaic Generator (RMG) that generates images with different granularities in different phases. Then, the features of different stages pass through a Multi-Stage Interaction (MSI) module, which strengthens and complements the corresponding features of different stages. Finally, using the progressive training (P), the features extracted by the model in different stages can be fully utilized and fused with each other. Experiments on three prestigious fine-grained benchmarks show that RMG-PMSI can significantly improve the performance with good robustness and transferability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning over All Stabilizing Nonlinear Controllers for a Partially-Observed Linear System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04219">arxiv:2112.04219</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ruigang Wang, Nicholas Barbara, Max Revay, Ian R. Manchester</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a parameterization of nonlinear output feedback controllers for linear dynamical systems based on a recently developed class of neural network called the recurrent equilibrium network (REN), and a nonlinear version of the Youla parameterization. Our approach guarantees the closed-loop stability of partially observable linear dynamical systems without requiring any constraints to be satisfied. This significantly simplifies model fitting as any unconstrained optimization procedure can be applied whilst still maintaining stability. We demonstrate our method on reinforcement learning tasks with both exact and approximate gradient methods. Simulation studies show that our method is significantly more scalable and significantly outperforms other approaches in the same problem setting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convergence Results For Q-Learning With Experience Replay</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04213">arxiv:2112.04213</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Liran Szlak, Ohad Shamir</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A commonly used heuristic in RL is experience replay (e.g.~\citet{lin1993reinforcement, mnih2015human}), in which a learner stores and re-uses past trajectories as if they were sampled online. In this work, we initiate a rigorous study of this heuristic in the setting of tabular Q-learning. We provide a convergence rate guarantee, and discuss how it compares to the convergence of Q-learning depending on important parameters such as the frequency and number of replay iterations. We also provide theoretical evidence showing when we might expect this heuristic to strictly improve performance, by introducing and analyzing a simple class of MDPs. Finally, we provide some experiments to support our theoretical findings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Fast Algorithm for PAC Combinatorial Pure Exploration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04197">arxiv:2112.04197</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Noa Ben-David, Sivan Sabato</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of Combinatorial Pure Exploration (CPE), which deals with finding a combinatorial set or arms with a high reward, when the rewards of individual arms are unknown in advance and must be estimated using arm pulls. Previous algorithms for this problem, while obtaining sample complexity reductions in many cases, are highly computationally intensive, thus making them impractical even for mildly large problems. In this work, we propose a new CPE algorithm in the PAC setting, which is computationally light weight, and so can easily be applied to problems with tens of thousands of arms. This is achieved since the proposed algorithm requires a very small number of combinatorial oracle calls. The algorithm is based on successive acceptance of arms, along with elimination which is based on the combinatorial structure of the problem. We provide sample complexity guarantees for our algorithm, and demonstrate in experiments its usefulness on large problems, whereas previous algorithms are impractical to run on problems of even a few dozen arms. The code for the algorithms and experiments is provided at https://github.com/noabdavid/csale.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pretrained Cost Model for Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04187">arxiv:2112.04187</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yanchen Deng, Shufeng Kong, Bo An</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems (DCOPs) are an important subclass of combinatorial optimization problems, where information and controls are distributed among multiple autonomous agents. Previously, Machine Learning (ML) has been largely applied to solve combinatorial optimization problems by learning effective heuristics. However, existing ML-based heuristic methods are often not generalizable to different search algorithms. Most importantly, these methods usually require full knowledge about the problems to be solved, which are not suitable for distributed settings where centralization is not realistic due to geographical limitations or privacy concerns. To address the generality issue, we propose a novel directed acyclic graph representation schema for DCOPs and leverage the Graph Attention Networks (GATs) to embed graph representations. Our model, GAT-PCM, is then pretrained with optimally labelled data in an offline manner, so as to construct effective heuristics to boost a broad range of DCOP algorithms where evaluating the quality of a partial assignment is critical, such as local search or backtracking search. Furthermore, to enable decentralized model inference, we propose a distributed embedding schema of GAT-PCM where each agent exchanges only embedded vectors, and show its soundness and complexity. Finally, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our model by combining it with a local search or a backtracking search algorithm. Extensive empirical evaluations indicate that the GAT-PCM-boosted algorithms significantly outperform the state-of-the-art methods in various benchmarks. The pretrained model is available at https://github.com/dyc941126/GAT-PCM.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transformaly -- Two (Feature Spaces) Are Better Than One</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04185">arxiv:2112.04185</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Matan Jacob Cohen, Shai Avidan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Anomaly detection is a well-established research area that seeks to identify samples outside of a predetermined distribution. An anomaly detection pipeline is comprised of two main stages: (1) feature extraction and (2) normality score assignment. Recent papers used pre-trained networks for feature extraction achieving state-of-the-art results. However, the use of pre-trained networks does not fully-utilize the normal samples that are available at train time. This paper suggests taking advantage of this information by using teacher-student training. In our setting, a pretrained teacher network is used to train a student network on the normal training samples. Since the student network is trained only on normal samples, it is expected to deviate from the teacher network in abnormal cases. This difference can serve as a complementary representation to the pre-trained feature vector. Our method -- Transformaly -- exploits a pre-trained Vision Transformer (ViT) to extract both feature vectors: the pre-trained (agnostic) features and the teacher-student (fine-tuned) features. We report state-of-the-art AUROC results in both the common unimodal setting, where one class is considered normal and the rest are considered abnormal, and the multimodal setting, where all classes but one are considered normal, and just one class is considered abnormal. The code is available at https://github.com/MatanCohen1/Transformaly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Shortest Paths in Graphs with Matrix-Valued Edges: Concepts, Algorithm and Application to 3D Multi-Shape Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04165">arxiv:2112.04165</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Viktoria Ehm, Daniel Cremers, Florian Bernard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Finding shortest paths in a graph is relevant for numerous problems in computer vision and graphics, including image segmentation, shape matching, or the computation of geodesic distances on discrete surfaces. Traditionally, the concept of a shortest path is considered for graphs with scalar edge weights, which makes it possible to compute the length of a path by adding up the individual edge weights. Yet, graphs with scalar edge weights are severely limited in their expressivity, since oftentimes edges are used to encode significantly more complex interrelations. In this work we compensate for this modelling limitation and introduce the novel graph-theoretic concept of a shortest path in a graph with matrix-valued edges. To this end, we define a meaningful way for quantifying the path length for matrix-valued edges, and we propose a simple yet effective algorithm to compute the respective shortest path. While our formalism is universal and thus applicable to a wide range of settings in vision, graphics and beyond, we focus on demonstrating its merits in the context of 3D multi-shape analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SNEAK: Synonymous Sentences-Aware Adversarial Attack on Natural Language Video Localization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04154">arxiv:2112.04154</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Wenbo Gou, Wen Shi, Jian Lou, Lijie Huang, Pan Zhou, Ruixuan Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Natural language video localization (NLVL) is an important task in the vision-language understanding area, which calls for an in-depth understanding of not only computer vision and natural language side alone, but more importantly the interplay between both sides. Adversarial vulnerability has been well-recognized as a critical security issue of deep neural network models, which requires prudent investigation. Despite its extensive yet separated studies in video and language tasks, current understanding of the adversarial robustness in vision-language joint tasks like NLVL is less developed. This paper therefore aims to comprehensively investigate the adversarial robustness of NLVL models by examining three facets of vulnerabilities from both attack and defense aspects. To achieve the attack goal, we propose a new adversarial attack paradigm called synonymous sentences-aware adversarial attack on NLVL (SNEAK), which captures the cross-modality interplay between the vision and language sides.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BA-Net: Bridge Attention for Deep Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04150">arxiv:2112.04150</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yue Zhao, Junzhou Chen, Zirui Zhang, Ronghui Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, channel attention mechanism is widely investigated for its great potential in improving the performance of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, in most existing methods, only the output of the adjacent convolution layer is fed to the attention layer for calculating the channel weights. Information from other convolution layers is ignored. With these observations, a simple strategy, named Bridge Attention Net (BA-Net), is proposed for better channel attention mechanisms. The main idea of this design is to bridge the outputs of the previous convolution layers through skip connections for channel weights generation. BA-Net can not only provide richer features to calculate channel weight when feedforward, but also multiply paths of parameters updating when backforward. Comprehensive evaluation demonstrates that the proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art performance compared with the existing methods in regards to accuracy and speed. Bridge Attention provides a fresh perspective on the design of neural network architectures and shows great potential in improving the performance of the existing channel attention mechanisms. The code is available at \url{https://github.com/zhaoy376/Attention-mechanism

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Contrastive Instruction-Trajectory Learning for Vision-Language Navigation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04138">arxiv:2112.04138</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Xiwen Liang, Fengda Zhu, Yi Zhu, Bingqian Lin, Bing Wang, Xiaodan Liang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The vision-language navigation (VLN) task requires an agent to reach a target with the guidance of natural language instruction. Previous works learn to navigate step-by-step following an instruction. However, these works may fail to discriminate the similarities and discrepancies across instruction-trajectory pairs and ignore the temporal continuity of sub-instructions. These problems hinder agents from learning distinctive vision-and-language representations, harming the robustness and generalizability of the navigation policy. In this paper, we propose a Contrastive Instruction-Trajectory Learning (CITL) framework that explores invariance across similar data samples and variance across different ones to learn distinctive representations for robust navigation. Specifically, we propose: (1) a coarse-grained contrastive learning objective to enhance vision-and-language representations by contrasting semantics of full trajectory observations and instructions, respectively; (2) a fine-grained contrastive learning objective to perceive instructions by leveraging the temporal information of the sub-instructions; (3) a pairwise sample-reweighting mechanism for contrastive learning to mine hard samples and hence mitigate the influence of data sampling bias in contrastive learning. Our CITL can be easily integrated with VLN backbones to form a new learning paradigm and achieve better generalizability in unseen environments. Extensive experiments show that the model with CITL surpasses the previous state-of-the-art methods on R2R, R4R, and RxR.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/12/07/2021.12.07.html' | relative_url }})
