## Summary for 2021-07-27, created on 2021-12-21


<details><summary><b>Open-Ended Learning Leads to Generally Capable Agents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12808">arxiv:2107.12808</a>
&#x1F4C8; 300 <br>
<p> Open Ended Learning Team, Adam Stooke, Anuj Mahajan, Catarina Barros, Charlie Deck, Jakob Bauer, Jakub Sygnowski, Maja Trebacz, Max Jaderberg, Michael Mathieu, Nat McAleese, Nathalie Bradley-Schmieg, Nathaniel Wong, Nicolas Porcel, Roberta Raileanu, Steph Hughes-Fitt, Valentin Dalibard, Wojciech Marian Czarnecki</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we create agents that can perform well beyond a single, individual task, that exhibit much wider generalisation of behaviour to a massive, rich space of challenges. We define a universe of tasks within an environment domain and demonstrate the ability to train agents that are generally capable across this vast space and beyond. The environment is natively multi-agent, spanning the continuum of competitive, cooperative, and independent games, which are situated within procedurally generated physical 3D worlds. The resulting space is exceptionally diverse in terms of the challenges posed to agents, and as such, even measuring the learning progress of an agent is an open research problem. We propose an iterative notion of improvement between successive generations of agents, rather than seeking to maximise a singular objective, allowing us to quantify progress despite tasks being incomparable in terms of achievable rewards. We show that through constructing an open-ended learning process, which dynamically changes the training task distributions and training objectives such that the agent never stops learning, we achieve consistent learning of new behaviours. The resulting agent is able to score reward in every one of our humanly solvable evaluation levels, with behaviour generalising to many held-out points in the universe of tasks. Examples of this zero-shot generalisation include good performance on Hide and Seek, Capture the Flag, and Tag. Through analysis and hand-authored probe tasks we characterise the behaviour of our agent, and find interesting emergent heuristic behaviours such as trial-and-error experimentation, simple tool use, option switching, and cooperation. Finally, we demonstrate that the general capabilities of this agent could unlock larger scale transfer of behaviour through cheap finetuning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Policy Gradient Methods Find the Nash Equilibrium in N-player General-sum Linear-quadratic Games</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13090">arxiv:2107.13090</a>
&#x1F4C8; 61 <br>
<p>Ben Hambly, Renyuan Xu, Huining Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider a general-sum N-player linear-quadratic game with stochastic dynamics over a finite horizon and prove the global convergence of the natural policy gradient method to the Nash equilibrium. In order to prove the convergence of the method, we require a certain amount of noise in the system. We give a condition, essentially a lower bound on the covariance of the noise in terms of the model parameters, in order to guarantee convergence. We illustrate our results with numerical experiments to show that even in situations where the policy gradient method may not converge in the deterministic setting, the addition of noise leads to convergence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Combining Machine Learning Classifiers for Stock Trading with Effective Feature Extraction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13148">arxiv:2107.13148</a>
&#x1F4C8; 52 <br>
<p>A. K. M. Amanat Ullah, Fahim Imtiaz, Miftah Uddin Md Ihsan, Md. Golam Rabiul Alam, Mahbub Majumdar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The unpredictability and volatility of the stock market render it challenging to make a substantial profit using any generalized scheme. This paper intends to discuss our machine learning model, which can make a significant amount of profit in the US stock market by performing live trading in the Quantopian platform while using resources free of cost. Our top approach was to use ensemble learning with four classifiers: Gaussian Naive Bayes, Decision Tree, Logistic Regression with L1 regularization and Stochastic Gradient Descent, to decide whether to go long or short on a particular stock. Our best model performed daily trade between July 2011 and January 2019, generating 54.35% profit. Finally, our work showcased that mixtures of weighted classifiers perform better than any individual predictor about making trading decisions in the stock market.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The social dilemma in artificial intelligence development and why we have to solve it</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12977">arxiv:2107.12977</a>
&#x1F4C8; 49 <br>
<p>Inga Strümke, Marija Slavkovik, Vince I. Madai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While the demand for ethical artificial intelligence (AI) systems increases, the number of unethical uses of AI accelerates, even though there is no shortage of ethical guidelines. We argue that a possible underlying cause for this is that AI developers face a social dilemma in AI development ethics, preventing the widespread adaptation of ethical best practices. We define the social dilemma for AI development and describe why the current crisis in AI development ethics cannot be solved without relieving AI developers of their social dilemma. We argue that AI development must be professionalised to overcome the social dilemma, and discuss how medicine can be used as a template in this process.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predictive Coding: a Theoretical and Experimental Review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12979">arxiv:2107.12979</a>
&#x1F4C8; 34 <br>
<p>Beren Millidge, Anil Seth, Christopher L Buckley</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Predictive coding offers a potentially unifying account of cortical function -- postulating that the core function of the brain is to minimize prediction errors with respect to a generative model of the world. The theory is closely related to the Bayesian brain framework and, over the last two decades, has gained substantial influence in the fields of theoretical and cognitive neuroscience. A large body of research has arisen based on both empirically testing improved and extended theoretical and mathematical models of predictive coding, as well as in evaluating their potential biological plausibility for implementation in the brain and the concrete neurophysiological and psychological predictions made by the theory. Despite this enduring popularity, however, no comprehensive review of predictive coding theory, and especially of recent developments in this field, exists. Here, we provide a comprehensive review both of the core mathematical structure and logic of predictive coding, thus complementing recent tutorials in the literature. We also review a wide range of classic and recent work within the framework, ranging from the neurobiologically realistic microcircuits that could implement predictive coding, to the close relationship between predictive coding and the widely-used backpropagation of error algorithm, as well as surveying the close relationships between predictive coding and modern machine learning techniques.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Tale Of Two Long Tails</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13098">arxiv:2107.13098</a>
&#x1F4C8; 33 <br>
<p>Daniel D'souza, Zach Nussbaum, Chirag Agarwal, Sara Hooker</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As machine learning models are increasingly employed to assist human decision-makers, it becomes critical to communicate the uncertainty associated with these model predictions. However, the majority of work on uncertainty has focused on traditional probabilistic or ranking approaches - where the model assigns low probabilities or scores to uncertain examples. While this captures what examples are challenging for the model, it does not capture the underlying source of the uncertainty. In this work, we seek to identify examples the model is uncertain about and characterize the source of said uncertainty. We explore the benefits of designing a targeted intervention - targeted data augmentation of the examples where the model is uncertain over the course of training. We investigate whether the rate of learning in the presence of additional information differs between atypical and noisy examples? Our results show that this is indeed the case, suggesting that well-designed interventions over the course of training can be an effective way to characterize and distinguish between different sources of uncertainty.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Learning Meets Natural Language Processing: A Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12603">arxiv:2107.12603</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Ming Liu, Stella Ho, Mengqi Wang, Longxiang Gao, Yuan Jin, He Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated Learning aims to learn machine learning models from multiple decentralized edge devices (e.g. mobiles) or servers without sacrificing local data privacy. Recent Natural Language Processing techniques rely on deep learning and large pre-trained language models. However, both big deep neural and language models are trained with huge amounts of data which often lies on the server side. Since text data is widely originated from end users, in this work, we look into recent NLP models and techniques which use federated learning as the learning framework. Our survey discusses major challenges in federated natural language processing, including the algorithm challenges, system challenges as well as the privacy issues. We also provide a critical review of the existing Federated NLP evaluation methods and tools. Finally, we highlight the current research gaps and future directions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>QA Dataset Explosion: A Taxonomy of NLP Resources for Question Answering and Reading Comprehension</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12708">arxiv:2107.12708</a>
&#x1F4C8; 19 <br>
<p>Anna Rogers, Matt Gardner, Isabelle Augenstein</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Alongside huge volumes of research on deep learning models in NLP in the recent years, there has been also much work on benchmark datasets needed to track modeling progress. Question answering and reading comprehension have been particularly prolific in this regard, with over 80 new datasets appearing in the past two years. This study is the largest survey of the field to date. We provide an overview of the various formats and domains of the current resources, highlighting the current lacunae for future work. We further discuss the current classifications of ``reasoning types" in question answering and propose a new taxonomy. We also discuss the implications of over-focusing on English, and survey the current monolingual resources for other languages and multilingual resources. The study is aimed at both practitioners looking for pointers to the wealth of existing data, and at researchers working on new resources.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Autonomous Reinforcement Learning via Subgoal Curricula</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12931">arxiv:2107.12931</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Archit Sharma, Abhishek Gupta, Sergey Levine, Karol Hausman, Chelsea Finn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning (RL) promises to enable autonomous acquisition of complex behaviors for diverse agents. However, the success of current reinforcement learning algorithms is predicated on an often under-emphasised requirement -- each trial needs to start from a fixed initial state distribution. Unfortunately, resetting the environment to its initial state after each trial requires substantial amount of human supervision and extensive instrumentation of the environment which defeats the goal of autonomous acquisition of complex behaviors. In this work, we propose Value-accelerated Persistent Reinforcement Learning (VaPRL), which generates a curriculum of initial states such that the agent can bootstrap on the success of easier tasks to efficiently learn harder tasks. The agent also learns to reach the initial states proposed by the curriculum, minimizing the reliance on human interventions into the learning. We observe that VaPRL reduces the interventions required by three orders of magnitude compared to episodic RL while outperforming prior state-of-the art methods for reset-free RL both in terms of sample efficiency and asymptotic performance on a variety of simulated robotics problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Reinforcement Learning for L3 Slice Localization in Sarcopenia Assessment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12800">arxiv:2107.12800</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Othmane Laousy, Guillaume Chassagnon, Edouard Oyallon, Nikos Paragios, Marie-Pierre Revel, Maria Vakalopoulou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sarcopenia is a medical condition characterized by a reduction in muscle mass and function. A quantitative diagnosis technique consists of localizing the CT slice passing through the middle of the third lumbar area (L3) and segmenting muscles at this level. In this paper, we propose a deep reinforcement learning method for accurate localization of the L3 CT slice. Our method trains a reinforcement learning agent by incentivizing it to discover the right position. Specifically, a Deep Q-Network is trained to find the best policy to follow for this problem. Visualizing the training process shows that the agent mimics the scrolling of an experienced radiologist. Extensive experiments against other state-of-the-art deep learning based methods for L3 localization prove the superiority of our technique which performs well even with a limited amount of data and annotations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Payload Optimization Method for Federated Recommender Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13078">arxiv:2107.13078</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Farwa K. Khan, Adrian Flanagan, Kuan E. Tan, Zareen Alamgir, Muhammad Ammad-Ud-Din</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce the payload optimization method for federated recommender systems (FRS). In federated learning (FL), the global model payload that is moved between the server and users depends on the number of items to recommend. The model payload grows when there is an increasing number of items. This becomes challenging for an FRS if it is running in production mode. To tackle the payload challenge, we formulated a multi-arm bandit solution that selected part of the global model and transmitted it to all users. The selection process was guided by a novel reward function suitable for FL systems. So far as we are aware, this is the first optimization method that seeks to address item dependent payloads. The method was evaluated using three benchmark recommendation datasets. The empirical validation confirmed that the proposed method outperforms the simpler methods that do not benefit from the bandits for the purpose of item selection. In addition, we have demonstrated the usefulness of our proposed method by rigorously evaluating the effects of a payload reduction on the recommendation performance degradation. Our method achieved up to a 90\% reduction in model payload, yielding only a $\sim$4\% - 8\% loss in the recommendation performance for highly sparse datasets

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Energy-Based Open-World Uncertainty Modeling for Confidence Calibration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12628">arxiv:2107.12628</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Yezhen Wang, Bo Li, Tong Che, Kaiyang Zhou, Ziwei Liu, Dongsheng Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Confidence calibration is of great importance to the reliability of decisions made by machine learning systems. However, discriminative classifiers based on deep neural networks are often criticized for producing overconfident predictions that fail to reflect the true correctness likelihood of classification accuracy. We argue that such an inability to model uncertainty is mainly caused by the closed-world nature in softmax: a model trained by the cross-entropy loss will be forced to classify input into one of $K$ pre-defined categories with high probability. To address this problem, we for the first time propose a novel $K$+1-way softmax formulation, which incorporates the modeling of open-world uncertainty as the extra dimension. To unify the learning of the original $K$-way classification task and the extra dimension that models uncertainty, we propose a novel energy-based objective function, and moreover, theoretically prove that optimizing such an objective essentially forces the extra dimension to capture the marginal data distribution. Extensive experiments show that our approach, Energy-based Open-World Softmax (EOW-Softmax), is superior to existing state-of-the-art methods in improving confidence calibration.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Insights from Generative Modeling for Neural Video Compression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13136">arxiv:2107.13136</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Ruihan Yang, Yibo Yang, Joseph Marino, Stephan Mandt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While recent machine learning research has revealed connections between deep generative models such as VAEs and rate-distortion losses used in learned compression, most of this work has focused on images. In a similar spirit, we view recently proposed neural video coding algorithms through the lens of deep autoregressive and latent variable modeling. We present recent neural video codecs as instances of a generalized stochastic temporal autoregressive transform, and propose new avenues for further improvements inspired by normalizing flows and structured priors. We propose several architectures that yield state-of-the-art video compression performance on full-resolution video and discuss their tradeoffs and ablations. In particular, we propose (i) improved temporal autoregressive transforms, (ii) improved entropy models with structured and temporal dependencies, and (iii) variable bitrate versions of our algorithms. Since our improvements are compatible with a large class of existing models, we provide further evidence that the generative modeling viewpoint can advance the neural video coding field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Case Study on Sampling Strategies for Evaluating Neural Sequential Item Recommendation Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13045">arxiv:2107.13045</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Alexander Dallmann, Daniel Zoller, Andreas Hotho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** At the present time, sequential item recommendation models are compared by calculating metrics on a small item subset (target set) to speed up computation. The target set contains the relevant item and a set of negative items that are sampled from the full item set. Two well-known strategies to sample negative items are uniform random sampling and sampling by popularity to better approximate the item frequency distribution in the dataset. Most recently published papers on sequential item recommendation rely on sampling by popularity to compare the evaluated models. However, recent work has already shown that an evaluation with uniform random sampling may not be consistent with the full ranking, that is, the model ranking obtained by evaluating a metric using the full item set as target set, which raises the question whether the ranking obtained by sampling by popularity is equal to the full ranking. In this work, we re-evaluate current state-of-the-art sequential recommender models from the point of view, whether these sampling strategies have an impact on the final ranking of the models. We therefore train four recently proposed sequential recommendation models on five widely known datasets. For each dataset and model, we employ three evaluation strategies. First, we compute the full model ranking. Then we evaluate all models on a target set sampled by the two different sampling strategies, uniform random sampling and sampling by popularity with the commonly used target set size of 100, compute the model ranking for each strategy and compare them with each other. Additionally, we vary the size of the sampled target set. Overall, we find that both sampling strategies can produce inconsistent rankings compared with the full ranking of the models. Furthermore, both sampling by popularity and uniform random sampling do not consistently produce the same ranking ...

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Uniformity in Heterogeneity:Diving Deep into Count Interval Partition for Crowd Counting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12619">arxiv:2107.12619</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Changan Wang, Qingyu Song, Boshen Zhang, Yabiao Wang, Ying Tai, Xuyi Hu, Chengjie Wang, Jilin Li, Jiayi Ma, Yang Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, the problem of inaccurate learning targets in crowd counting draws increasing attention. Inspired by a few pioneering work, we solve this problem by trying to predict the indices of pre-defined interval bins of counts instead of the count values themselves. However, an inappropriate interval setting might make the count error contributions from different intervals extremely imbalanced, leading to inferior counting performance. Therefore, we propose a novel count interval partition criterion called Uniform Error Partition (UEP), which always keeps the expected counting error contributions equal for all intervals to minimize the prediction risk. Then to mitigate the inevitably introduced discretization errors in the count quantization process, we propose another criterion called Mean Count Proxies (MCP). The MCP criterion selects the best count proxy for each interval to represent its count value during inference, making the overall expected discretization error of an image nearly negligible. As far as we are aware, this work is the first to delve into such a classification task and ends up with a promising solution for count interval partition. Following the above two theoretically demonstrated criterions, we propose a simple yet effective model termed Uniform Error Partition Network (UEPNet), which achieves state-of-the-art performance on several challenging datasets. The codes will be available at: https://github.com/TencentYoutuResearch/CrowdCounting-UEPNet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Is Object Detection Necessary for Human-Object Interaction Recognition?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13083">arxiv:2107.13083</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Ying Jin, Yinpeng Chen, Lijuan Wang, Jianfeng Wang, Pei Yu, Zicheng Liu, Jenq-Neng Hwang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper revisits human-object interaction (HOI) recognition at image level without using supervisions of object location and human pose. We name it detection-free HOI recognition, in contrast to the existing detection-supervised approaches which rely on object and keypoint detections to achieve state of the art. With our method, not only the detection supervision is evitable, but superior performance can be achieved by properly using image-text pre-training (such as CLIP) and the proposed Log-Sum-Exp Sign (LSE-Sign) loss function. Specifically, using text embeddings of class labels to initialize the linear classifier is essential for leveraging the CLIP pre-trained image encoder. In addition, LSE-Sign loss facilitates learning from multiple labels on an imbalanced dataset by normalizing gradients over all classes in a softmax format. Surprisingly, our detection-free solution achieves 60.5 mAP on the HICO dataset, outperforming the detection-supervised state of the art by 13.4 mAP

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Greedy Gradient Ensemble for Robust Visual Question Answering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12651">arxiv:2107.12651</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Xinzhe Han, Shuhui Wang, Chi Su, Qingming Huang, Qi Tian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Language bias is a critical issue in Visual Question Answering (VQA), where models often exploit dataset biases for the final decision without considering the image information. As a result, they suffer from performance drop on out-of-distribution data and inadequate visual explanation. Based on experimental analysis for existing robust VQA methods, we stress the language bias in VQA that comes from two aspects, i.e., distribution bias and shortcut bias. We further propose a new de-bias framework, Greedy Gradient Ensemble (GGE), which combines multiple biased models for unbiased base model learning. With the greedy strategy, GGE forces the biased models to over-fit the biased data distribution in priority, thus makes the base model pay more attention to examples that are hard to solve by biased models. The experiments demonstrate that our method makes better use of visual information and achieves state-of-the-art performance on diagnosing dataset VQA-CP without using extra annotations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>VIPose: Real-time Visual-Inertial 6D Object Pose Tracking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12617">arxiv:2107.12617</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Rundong Ge, Giuseppe Loianno</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Estimating the 6D pose of objects is beneficial for robotics tasks such as transportation, autonomous navigation, manipulation as well as in scenarios beyond robotics like virtual and augmented reality. With respect to single image pose estimation, pose tracking takes into account the temporal information across multiple frames to overcome possible detection inconsistencies and to improve the pose estimation efficiency. In this work, we introduce a novel Deep Neural Network (DNN) called VIPose, that combines inertial and camera data to address the object pose tracking problem in real-time. The key contribution is the design of a novel DNN architecture which fuses visual and inertial features to predict the objects' relative 6D pose between consecutive image frames. The overall 6D pose is then estimated by consecutively combining relative poses. Our approach shows remarkable pose estimation results for heavily occluded objects that are well known to be very challenging to handle by existing state-of-the-art solutions. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is validated on a new dataset called VIYCB with RGB image, IMU data, and accurate 6D pose annotations created by employing an automated labeling technique. The approach presents accuracy performances comparable to state-of-the-art techniques, but with the additional benefit of being real-time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Realistic Ultrasound Image Synthesis for Improved Classification of Liver Disease</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12775">arxiv:2107.12775</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Hui Che, Sumana Ramanathan, David Foran, John L Nosher, Vishal M Patel, Ilker Hacihaliloglu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the success of deep learning-based methods applied in medical image analysis, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been investigated for classifying liver disease from ultrasound (US) data. However, the scarcity of available large-scale labeled US data has hindered the success of CNNs for classifying liver disease from US data. In this work, we propose a novel generative adversarial network (GAN) architecture for realistic diseased and healthy liver US image synthesis. We adopt the concept of stacking to synthesize realistic liver US data. Quantitative and qualitative evaluation is performed on 550 in-vivo B-mode liver US images collected from 55 subjects. We also show that the synthesized images, together with real in vivo data, can be used to significantly improve the performance of traditional CNN architectures for Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) classification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>"Excavating AI" Re-excavated: Debunking a Fallacious Account of the JAFFE Dataset</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13998">arxiv:2107.13998</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Michael J. Lyons</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Twenty-five years ago, my colleagues Miyuki Kamachi and Jiro Gyoba and I designed and photographed JAFFE, a set of facial expression images intended for use in a study of face perception. In 2019, without seeking permission or informing us, Kate Crawford and Trevor Paglen exhibited JAFFE in two widely publicized art shows. In addition, they published a nonfactual account of the images in the essay "Excavating AI: The Politics of Images in Machine Learning Training Sets." The present article recounts the creation of the JAFFE dataset and unravels each of Crawford and Paglen's fallacious statements. I also discuss JAFFE more broadly in connection with research on facial expression, affective computing, and human-computer interaction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Deep Learning Algorithm for Piecewise Linear Interface Construction (PLIC)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13067">arxiv:2107.13067</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mohammadmehdi Ataei, Erfan Pirmorad, Franco Costa, Sejin Han, Chul B Park, Markus Bussmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Piecewise Linear Interface Construction (PLIC) is frequently used to geometrically reconstruct fluid interfaces in Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) modeling of two-phase flows. PLIC reconstructs interfaces from a scalar field that represents the volume fraction of each phase in each computational cell. Given the volume fraction and interface normal, the location of a linear interface is uniquely defined. For a cubic computational cell (3D), the position of the planar interface is determined by intersecting the cube with a plane, such that the volume of the resulting truncated polyhedron cell is equal to the volume fraction. Yet it is geometrically complex to find the exact position of the plane, and it involves calculations that can be a computational bottleneck of many CFD models. However, while the forward problem of 3D PLIC is challenging, the inverse problem, of finding the volume of the truncated polyhedron cell given a defined plane, is simple. In this work, we propose a deep learning model for the solution to the forward problem of PLIC by only making use of its inverse problem. The proposed model is up to several orders of magnitude faster than traditional schemes, which significantly reduces the computational bottleneck of PLIC in CFD simulations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reinforcement Learning with Formal Performance Metrics for Quadcopter Attitude Control under Non-nominal Contexts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12942">arxiv:2107.12942</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Nicola Bernini, Mikhail Bessa, Rémi Delmas, Arthur Gold, Eric Goubault, Romain Pennec, Sylvie Putot, François Sillion</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We explore the reinforcement learning approach to designing controllers by extensively discussing the case of a quadcopter attitude controller. We provide all details allowing to reproduce our approach, starting with a model of the dynamics of a crazyflie 2.0 under various nominal and non-nominal conditions, including partial motor failures and wind gusts. We develop a robust form of a signal temporal logic to quantitatively evaluate the vehicle's behavior and measure the performance of controllers. The paper thoroughly describes the choices in training algorithms, neural net architecture, hyperparameters, observation space in view of the different performance metrics we have introduced. We discuss the robustness of the obtained controllers, both to partial loss of power for one rotor and to wind gusts and finish by drawing conclusions on practical controller design by reinforcement learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Finding Failures in High-Fidelity Simulation using Adaptive Stress Testing and the Backward Algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12940">arxiv:2107.12940</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mark Koren, Ahmed Nassar, Mykel J. Kochenderfer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Validating the safety of autonomous systems generally requires the use of high-fidelity simulators that adequately capture the variability of real-world scenarios. However, it is generally not feasible to exhaustively search the space of simulation scenarios for failures. Adaptive stress testing (AST) is a method that uses reinforcement learning to find the most likely failure of a system. AST with a deep reinforcement learning solver has been shown to be effective in finding failures across a range of different systems. This approach generally involves running many simulations, which can be very expensive when using a high-fidelity simulator. To improve efficiency, we present a method that first finds failures in a low-fidelity simulator. It then uses the backward algorithm, which trains a deep neural network policy using a single expert demonstration, to adapt the low-fidelity failures to high-fidelity. We have created a series of autonomous vehicle validation case studies that represent some of the ways low-fidelity and high-fidelity simulators can differ, such as time discretization. We demonstrate in a variety of case studies that this new AST approach is able to find failures with significantly fewer high-fidelity simulation steps than are needed when just running AST directly in high-fidelity. As a proof of concept, we also demonstrate AST on NVIDIA's DriveSim simulator, an industry state-of-the-art high-fidelity simulator for finding failures in autonomous vehicles.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Local Recurrent Models for Human Mesh Recovery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12847">arxiv:2107.12847</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Runze Li, Srikrishna Karanam, Ren Li, Terrence Chen, Bir Bhanu, Ziyan Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of estimating frame-level full human body meshes given a video of a person with natural motion dynamics. While much progress in this field has been in single image-based mesh estimation, there has been a recent uptick in efforts to infer mesh dynamics from video given its role in alleviating issues such as depth ambiguity and occlusions. However, a key limitation of existing work is the assumption that all the observed motion dynamics can be modeled using one dynamical/recurrent model. While this may work well in cases with relatively simplistic dynamics, inference with in-the-wild videos presents many challenges. In particular, it is typically the case that different body parts of a person undergo different dynamics in the video, e.g., legs may move in a way that may be dynamically different from hands (e.g., a person dancing). To address these issues, we present a new method for video mesh recovery that divides the human mesh into several local parts following the standard skeletal model. We then model the dynamics of each local part with separate recurrent models, with each model conditioned appropriately based on the known kinematic structure of the human body. This results in a structure-informed local recurrent learning architecture that can be trained in an end-to-end fashion with available annotations. We conduct a variety of experiments on standard video mesh recovery benchmark datasets such as Human3.6M, MPI-INF-3DHP, and 3DPW, demonstrating the efficacy of our design of modeling local dynamics as well as establishing state-of-the-art results based on standard evaluation metrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Emotion-Aware Agents For Negotiation Dialogues</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13165">arxiv:2107.13165</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Kushal Chawla, Rene Clever, Jaysa Ramirez, Gale Lucas, Jonathan Gratch</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Negotiation is a complex social interaction that encapsulates emotional encounters in human decision-making. Virtual agents that can negotiate with humans are useful in pedagogy and conversational AI. To advance the development of such agents, we explore the prediction of two important subjective goals in a negotiation - outcome satisfaction and partner perception. Specifically, we analyze the extent to which emotion attributes extracted from the negotiation help in the prediction, above and beyond the individual difference variables. We focus on a recent dataset in chat-based negotiations, grounded in a realistic camping scenario. We study three degrees of emotion dimensions - emoticons, lexical, and contextual by leveraging affective lexicons and a state-of-the-art deep learning architecture. Our insights will be helpful in designing adaptive negotiation agents that interact through realistic communication interfaces.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Statistically Meaningful Approximation: a Case Study on Approximating Turing Machines with Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13163">arxiv:2107.13163</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Colin Wei, Yining Chen, Tengyu Ma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A common lens to theoretically study neural net architectures is to analyze the functions they can approximate. However, constructions from approximation theory may be unrealistic and therefore less meaningful. For example, a common unrealistic trick is to encode target function values using infinite precision. To address these issues, this work proposes a formal definition of statistically meaningful (SM) approximation which requires the approximating network to exhibit good statistical learnability. We study SM approximation for two function classes: boolean circuits and Turing machines. We show that overparameterized feedforward neural nets can SM approximate boolean circuits with sample complexity depending only polynomially on the circuit size, not the size of the network. In addition, we show that transformers can SM approximate Turing machines with computation time bounded by $T$ with sample complexity polynomial in the alphabet size, state space size, and $\log (T)$. We also introduce new tools for analyzing generalization which provide much tighter sample complexities than the typical VC-dimension or norm-based bounds, which may be of independent interest.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exceeding the Limits of Visual-Linguistic Multi-Task Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13054">arxiv:2107.13054</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Cameron R. Wolfe, Keld T. Lundgaard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** By leveraging large amounts of product data collected across hundreds of live e-commerce websites, we construct 1000 unique classification tasks that share similarly-structured input data, comprised of both text and images. These classification tasks focus on learning the product hierarchy of different e-commerce websites, causing many of them to be correlated. Adopting a multi-modal transformer model, we solve these tasks in unison using multi-task learning (MTL). Extensive experiments are presented over an initial 100-task dataset to reveal best practices for "large-scale MTL" (i.e., MTL with more than 100 tasks). From these experiments, a final, unified methodology is derived, which is composed of both best practices and new proposals such as DyPa, a simple heuristic for automatically allocating task-specific parameters to tasks that could benefit from extra capacity. Using our large-scale MTL methodology, we successfully train a single model across all 1000 tasks in our dataset while using minimal task specific parameters, thereby showing that it is possible to extend several orders of magnitude beyond current efforts in MTL.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Emotion Recognition under Consideration of the Emotion Component Process Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12895">arxiv:2107.12895</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Felix Casel, Amelie Heindl, Roman Klinger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Emotion classification in text is typically performed with neural network models which learn to associate linguistic units with emotions. While this often leads to good predictive performance, it does only help to a limited degree to understand how emotions are communicated in various domains. The emotion component process model (CPM) by Scherer (2005) is an interesting approach to explain emotion communication. It states that emotions are a coordinated process of various subcomponents, in reaction to an event, namely the subjective feeling, the cognitive appraisal, the expression, a physiological bodily reaction, and a motivational action tendency. We hypothesize that these components are associated with linguistic realizations: an emotion can be expressed by describing a physiological bodily reaction ("he was trembling"), or the expression ("she smiled"), etc. We annotate existing literature and Twitter emotion corpora with emotion component classes and find that emotions on Twitter are predominantly expressed by event descriptions or subjective reports of the feeling, while in literature, authors prefer to describe what characters do, and leave the interpretation to the reader. We further include the CPM in a multitask learning model and find that this supports the emotion categorization. The annotated corpora are available at https://www.ims.uni-stuttgart.de/data/emotion.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring Sequence Feature Alignment for Domain Adaptive Detection Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12636">arxiv:2107.12636</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Wen Wang, Yang Cao, Jing Zhang, Fengxiang He, Zheng-Jun Zha, Yonggang Wen, Dacheng Tao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Detection transformers have recently shown promising object detection results and attracted increasing attention. However, how to develop effective domain adaptation techniques to improve its cross-domain performance remains unexplored and unclear. In this paper, we delve into this topic and empirically find that direct feature distribution alignment on the CNN backbone only brings limited improvements, as it does not guarantee domain-invariant sequence features in the transformer for prediction. To address this issue, we propose a novel Sequence Feature Alignment (SFA) method that is specially designed for the adaptation of detection transformers. Technically, SFA consists of a domain query-based feature alignment (DQFA) module and a token-wise feature alignment (TDA) module. In DQFA, a novel domain query is used to aggregate and align global context from the token sequence of both domains. DQFA reduces the domain discrepancy in global feature representations and object relations when deploying in the transformer encoder and decoder, respectively. Meanwhile, TDA aligns token features in the sequence from both domains, which reduces the domain gaps in local and instance-level feature representations in the transformer encoder and decoder, respectively. Besides, a novel bipartite matching consistency loss is proposed to enhance the feature discriminability for robust object detection. Experiments on three challenging benchmarks show that SFA outperforms state-of-the-art domain adaptive object detection methods. Code has been made available at: https://github.com/encounter1997/SFA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AASeg: Attention Aware Network for Real Time Semantic Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.04349">arxiv:2108.04349</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Abhinav Sagar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present a new network named Attention Aware Network (AASeg) for real time semantic image segmentation. Our network incorporates spatial and channel information using Spatial Attention (SA) and Channel Attention (CA) modules respectively. It also uses dense local multi-scale context information using Multi Scale Context (MSC) module. The feature maps are concatenated individually to produce the final segmentation map. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method using a comprehensive analysis, quantitative experimental results and ablation study using Cityscapes, ADE20K and Camvid datasets. Our network performs better than most previous architectures with a 74.4\% Mean IOU on Cityscapes test dataset while running at 202.7 FPS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Workshop on Autonomous Driving at CVPR 2021: Technical Report for Streaming Perception Challenge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.04230">arxiv:2108.04230</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Songyang Zhang, Lin Song, Songtao Liu, Zheng Ge, Zeming Li, Xuming He, Jian Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this report, we introduce our real-time 2D object detection system for the realistic autonomous driving scenario. Our detector is built on a newly designed YOLO model, called YOLOX. On the Argoverse-HD dataset, our system achieves 41.0 streaming AP, which surpassed second place by 7.8/6.1 on detection-only track/fully track, respectively. Moreover, equipped with TensorRT, our model achieves the 30FPS inference speed with a high-resolution input size (e.g., 1440-2304). Code and models will be available at https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automated Human Cell Classification in Sparse Datasets using Few-Shot Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13093">arxiv:2107.13093</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Reece Walsh, Mohamed H. Abdelpakey, Mohamed S. Shehata, Mostafa M. Mohamed</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Classifying and analyzing human cells is a lengthy procedure, often involving a trained professional. In an attempt to expedite this process, an active area of research involves automating cell classification through use of deep learning-based techniques. In practice, a large amount of data is required to accurately train these deep learning models. However, due to the sparse human cell datasets currently available, the performance of these models is typically low. This study investigates the feasibility of using few-shot learning-based techniques to mitigate the data requirements for accurate training. The study is comprised of three parts: First, current state-of-the-art few-shot learning techniques are evaluated on human cell classification. The selected techniques are trained on a non-medical dataset and then tested on two out-of-domain, human cell datasets. The results indicate that, overall, the test accuracy of state-of-the-art techniques decreased by at least 30% when transitioning from a non-medical dataset to a medical dataset. Second, this study evaluates the potential benefits, if any, to varying the backbone architecture and training schemes in current state-of-the-art few-shot learning techniques when used in human cell classification. Even with these variations, the overall test accuracy decreased from 88.66% on non-medical datasets to 44.13% at best on the medical datasets. Third, this study presents future directions for using few-shot learning in human cell classification. In general, few-shot learning in its current state performs poorly on human cell classification. The study proves that attempts to modify existing network architectures are not effective and concludes that future research effort should be focused on improving robustness towards out-of-domain testing using optimization-based or self-supervised few-shot learning techniques.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimizing Operating Points for High Performance Lesion Detection and Segmentation Using Lesion Size Reweighting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12978">arxiv:2107.12978</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Brennan Nichyporuk, Justin Szeto, Douglas L. Arnold, Tal Arbel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There are many clinical contexts which require accurate detection and segmentation of all focal pathologies (e.g. lesions, tumours) in patient images. In cases where there are a mix of small and large lesions, standard binary cross entropy loss will result in better segmentation of large lesions at the expense of missing small ones. Adjusting the operating point to accurately detect all lesions generally leads to oversegmentation of large lesions. In this work, we propose a novel reweighing strategy to eliminate this performance gap, increasing small pathology detection performance while maintaining segmentation accuracy. We show that our reweighing strategy vastly outperforms competing strategies based on experiments on a large scale, multi-scanner, multi-center dataset of Multiple Sclerosis patient images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Channel-Wise Early Stopping without a Validation Set via NNK Polytope Interpolation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12972">arxiv:2107.12972</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>David Bonet, Antonio Ortega, Javier Ruiz-Hidalgo, Sarath Shekkizhar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** State-of-the-art neural network architectures continue to scale in size and deliver impressive generalization results, although this comes at the expense of limited interpretability. In particular, a key challenge is to determine when to stop training the model, as this has a significant impact on generalization. Convolutional neural networks (ConvNets) comprise high-dimensional feature spaces formed by the aggregation of multiple channels, where analyzing intermediate data representations and the model's evolution can be challenging owing to the curse of dimensionality. We present channel-wise DeepNNK (CW-DeepNNK), a novel channel-wise generalization estimate based on non-negative kernel regression (NNK) graphs with which we perform local polytope interpolation on low-dimensional channels. This method leads to instance-based interpretability of both the learned data representations and the relationship between channels. Motivated by our observations, we use CW-DeepNNK to propose a novel early stopping criterion that (i) does not require a validation set, (ii) is based on a task performance metric, and (iii) allows stopping to be reached at different points for each channel. Our experiments demonstrate that our proposed method has advantages as compared to the standard criterion based on validation set performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Industrial Private AI: A two-tier framework for data and model security</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12806">arxiv:2107.12806</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sunder Ali Khowaja, Kapal Dev, Nawab Muhammad Faseeh Qureshi, Parus Khuwaja, Luca Foschini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the advances in 5G and IoT devices, the industries are vastly adopting artificial intelligence (AI) techniques for improving classification and prediction-based services. However, the use of AI also raises concerns regarding data privacy and security that can be misused or leaked. Private AI was recently coined to address the data security issue by combining AI with encryption techniques but existing studies have shown that model inversion attacks can be used to reverse engineer the images from model parameters. In this regard, we propose a federated learning and encryption-based private (FLEP) AI framework that provides two-tier security for data and model parameters in an IIoT environment. We proposed a three-layer encryption method for data security and provided a hypothetical method to secure the model parameters. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieves better encryption quality at the expense of slightly increased execution time. We also highlighted several open issues and challenges regarding the FLEP AI framework's realization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stability & Generalisation of Gradient Descent for Shallow Neural Networks without the Neural Tangent Kernel</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12723">arxiv:2107.12723</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Dominic Richards, Ilja Kuzborskij</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We revisit on-average algorithmic stability of GD for training overparameterised shallow neural networks and prove new generalisation and excess risk bounds without the NTK or PL assumptions. In particular, we show oracle type bounds which reveal that the generalisation and excess risk of GD is controlled by an interpolating network with the shortest GD path from initialisation (in a sense, an interpolating network with the smallest relative norm). While this was known for kernelised interpolants, our proof applies directly to networks trained by GD without intermediate kernelisation. At the same time, by relaxing oracle inequalities developed here we recover existing NTK-based risk bounds in a straightforward way, which demonstrates that our analysis is tighter. Finally, unlike most of the NTK-based analyses we focus on regression with label noise and show that GD with early stopping is consistent.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MFAGAN: A Compression Framework for Memory-Efficient On-Device Super-Resolution GAN</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12679">arxiv:2107.12679</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Wenlong Cheng, Mingbo Zhao, Zhiling Ye, Shuhang Gu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have promoted remarkable advances in single-image super-resolution (SR) by recovering photo-realistic images. However, high memory consumption of GAN-based SR (usually generators) causes performance degradation and more energy consumption, hindering the deployment of GAN-based SR into resource-constricted mobile devices. In this paper, we propose a novel compression framework \textbf{M}ulti-scale \textbf{F}eature \textbf{A}ggregation Net based \textbf{GAN} (MFAGAN) for reducing the memory access cost of the generator. First, to overcome the memory explosion of dense connections, we utilize a memory-efficient multi-scale feature aggregation net as the generator. Second, for faster and more stable training, our method introduces the PatchGAN discriminator. Third, to balance the student discriminator and the compressed generator, we distill both the generator and the discriminator. Finally, we perform a hardware-aware neural architecture search (NAS) to find a specialized SubGenerator for the target mobile phone. Benefiting from these improvements, the proposed MFAGAN achieves up to \textbf{8.3}$\times$ memory saving and \textbf{42.9}$\times$ computation reduction, with only minor visual quality degradation, compared with ESRGAN. Empirical studies also show $\sim$\textbf{70} milliseconds latency on Qualcomm Snapdragon 865 chipset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Co-Transport for Class-Incremental Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12654">arxiv:2107.12654</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Da-Wei Zhou, Han-Jia Ye, De-Chuan Zhan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traditional learning systems are trained in closed-world for a fixed number of classes, and need pre-collected datasets in advance. However, new classes often emerge in real-world applications and should be learned incrementally. For example, in electronic commerce, new types of products appear daily, and in a social media community, new topics emerge frequently. Under such circumstances, incremental models should learn several new classes at a time without forgetting. We find a strong correlation between old and new classes in incremental learning, which can be applied to relate and facilitate different learning stages mutually. As a result, we propose CO-transport for class Incremental Learning (COIL), which learns to relate across incremental tasks with the class-wise semantic relationship. In detail, co-transport has two aspects: prospective transport tries to augment the old classifier with optimal transported knowledge as fast model adaptation. Retrospective transport aims to transport new class classifiers backward as old ones to overcome forgetting. With these transports, COIL efficiently adapts to new tasks, and stably resists forgetting. Experiments on benchmark and real-world multimedia datasets validate the effectiveness of our proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sea Ice Forecasting using Attention-based Ensemble LSTM</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00853">arxiv:2108.00853</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sahara Ali, Yiyi Huang, Xin Huang, Jianwu Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurately forecasting Arctic sea ice from subseasonal to seasonal scales has been a major scientific effort with fundamental challenges at play. In addition to physics-based earth system models, researchers have been applying multiple statistical and machine learning models for sea ice forecasting. Looking at the potential of data-driven sea ice forecasting, we propose an attention-based Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) ensemble method to predict monthly sea ice extent up to 1 month ahead. Using daily and monthly satellite retrieved sea ice data from NSIDC and atmospheric and oceanic variables from ERA5 reanalysis product for 39 years, we show that our multi-temporal ensemble method outperforms several baseline and recently proposed deep learning models. This will substantially improve our ability in predicting future Arctic sea ice changes, which is fundamental for forecasting transporting routes, resource development, coastal erosion, threats to Arctic coastal communities and wildlife.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Kernel Density Estimation by Stagewise Algorithm with a Simple Dictionary</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13430">arxiv:2107.13430</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kiheiji Nishida, Kanta Naito</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This study proposes multivariate kernel density estimation by stagewise minimization algorithm based on $U$-divergence and a simple dictionary. The dictionary consists of an appropriate scalar bandwidth matrix and a part of the original data. The resulting estimator brings us data-adaptive weighting parameters and bandwidth matrices, and realizes a sparse representation of kernel density estimation. We develop the non-asymptotic error bound of estimator obtained via the proposed stagewise minimization algorithm. It is confirmed from simulation studies that the proposed estimator performs competitive to or sometime better than other well-known density estimators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Retinal Microvasculature as Biomarker for Diabetes and Cardiovascular Diseases</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13157">arxiv:2107.13157</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anusua Trivedi, Jocelyn Desbiens, Ron Gross, Sunil Gupta, Rahul Dodhia, Juan Lavista Ferres</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Purpose: To demonstrate that retinal microvasculature per se is a reliable biomarker for Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) and, by extension, cardiovascular diseases. Methods: Deep Learning Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) applied to color fundus images for semantic segmentation of the blood vessels and severity classification on both vascular and full images. Vessel reconstruction through harmonic descriptors is also used as a smoothing and de-noising tool. The mathematical background of the theory is also outlined. Results: For diabetic patients, at least 93.8% of DR No-Refer vs. Refer classification can be related to vasculature defects. As for the Non-Sight Threatening vs. Sight Threatening case, the ratio is as high as 96.7%. Conclusion: In the case of DR, most of the disease biomarkers are related topologically to the vasculature. Translational Relevance: Experiments conducted on eye blood vasculature reconstruction as a biomarker shows a strong correlation between vasculature shape and later stages of DR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Content-aware Directed Propagation Network with Pixel Adaptive Kernel Attention</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13144">arxiv:2107.13144</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Min-Cheol Sagong, Yoon-Jae Yeo, Seung-Won Jung, Sung-Jea Ko</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been not only widespread but also achieved noticeable results on numerous applications including image classification, restoration, and generation. Although the weight-sharing property of convolutions makes them widely adopted in various tasks, its content-agnostic characteristic can also be considered a major drawback. To solve this problem, in this paper, we propose a novel operation, called pixel adaptive kernel attention (PAKA). PAKA provides directivity to the filter weights by multiplying spatially varying attention from learnable features. The proposed method infers pixel-adaptive attention maps along the channel and spatial directions separately to address the decomposed model with fewer parameters. Our method is trainable in an end-to-end manner and applicable to any CNN-based models. In addition, we propose an improved information aggregation module with PAKA, called the hierarchical PAKA module (HPM). We demonstrate the superiority of our HPM by presenting state-of-the-art performance on semantic segmentation compared to the conventional information aggregation modules. We validate the proposed method through additional ablation studies and visualizing the effect of PAKA providing directivity to the weights of convolutions. We also show the generalizability of the proposed method by applying it to multi-modal tasks especially color-guided depth map super-resolution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Learning of Neurosymbolic Encoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13132">arxiv:2107.13132</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Eric Zhan, Jennifer J. Sun, Ann Kennedy, Yisong Yue, Swarat Chaudhuri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a framework for the unsupervised learning of neurosymbolic encoders, i.e., encoders obtained by composing neural networks with symbolic programs from a domain-specific language. Such a framework can naturally incorporate symbolic expert knowledge into the learning process and lead to more interpretable and factorized latent representations than fully neural encoders. Also, models learned this way can have downstream impact, as many analysis workflows can benefit from having clean programmatic descriptions. We ground our learning algorithm in the variational autoencoding (VAE) framework, where we aim to learn a neurosymbolic encoder in conjunction with a standard decoder. Our algorithm integrates standard VAE-style training with modern program synthesis techniques. We evaluate our method on learning latent representations for real-world trajectory data from animal biology and sports analytics. We show that our approach offers significantly better separation than standard VAEs and leads to practical gains on downstream tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>End-to-End Balancing for Causal Continuous Treatment-Effect Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13068">arxiv:2107.13068</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mohammad Taha Bahadori, Eric Tchetgen Tchetgen, David E. Heckerman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of observational causal inference with continuous treatment. We focus on the challenge of estimating the causal response curve for infrequently-observed treatment values. We design a new algorithm based on the framework of entropy balancing which learns weights that directly maximize causal inference accuracy using end-to-end optimization. Our weights can be customized for different datasets and causal inference algorithms. We propose a new theory for consistency of entropy balancing for continuous treatments. Using synthetic and real-world data, we show that our proposed algorithm outperforms the entropy balancing in terms of causal inference accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Removing Operational Friction Using Process Mining: Challenges Provided by the Internet of Production (IoP)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13066">arxiv:2107.13066</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wil van der Aalst, Tobias Brockhoff, Anahita Farhang Ghahfarokhi, Mahsa Pourbafrani, Merih Seran Uysal, Sebastiaan van Zelst</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Operational processes in production, logistics, material handling, maintenance, etc., are supported by cyber-physical systems combining hardware and software components. As a result, the digital and the physical world are closely aligned, and it is possible to track operational processes in detail (e.g., using sensors). The abundance of event data generated by today's operational processes provides opportunities and challenges for process mining techniques supporting process discovery, performance analysis, and conformance checking. Using existing process mining tools, it is already possible to automatically discover process models and uncover performance and compliance problems. In the DFG-funded Cluster of Excellence "Internet of Production" (IoP), process mining is used to create "digital shadows" to improve a wide variety of operational processes. However, operational processes are dynamic, distributed, and complex. Driven by the challenges identified in the IoP cluster, we work on novel techniques for comparative process mining (comparing process variants for different products at different locations at different times), object-centric process mining (to handle processes involving different types of objects that interact), and forward-looking process mining (to explore "What if?" questions). By addressing these challenges, we aim to develop valuable "digital shadows" that can be used to remove operational friction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explicit Pairwise Factorized Graph Neural Network for Semi-Supervised Node Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13059">arxiv:2107.13059</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yu Wang, Yuesong Shen, Daniel Cremers</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Node features and structural information of a graph are both crucial for semi-supervised node classification problems. A variety of graph neural network (GNN) based approaches have been proposed to tackle these problems, which typically determine output labels through feature aggregation. This can be problematic, as it implies conditional independence of output nodes given hidden representations, despite their direct connections in the graph. To learn the direct influence among output nodes in a graph, we propose the Explicit Pairwise Factorized Graph Neural Network (EPFGNN), which models the whole graph as a partially observed Markov Random Field. It contains explicit pairwise factors to model output-output relations and uses a GNN backbone to model input-output relations. To balance model complexity and expressivity, the pairwise factors have a shared component and a separate scaling coefficient for each edge. We apply the EM algorithm to train our model, and utilize a star-shaped piecewise likelihood for the tractable surrogate objective. We conduct experiments on various datasets, which shows that our model can effectively improve the performance for semi-supervised node classification on graphs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Red Dragon AI at TextGraphs 2021 Shared Task: Multi-Hop Inference Explanation Regeneration by Matching Expert Ratings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13031">arxiv:2107.13031</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Vivek Kalyan, Sam Witteveen, Martin Andrews</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Creating explanations for answers to science questions is a challenging task that requires multi-hop inference over a large set of fact sentences. This year, to refocus the Textgraphs Shared Task on the problem of gathering relevant statements (rather than solely finding a single 'correct path'), the WorldTree dataset was augmented with expert ratings of 'relevance' of statements to each overall explanation. Our system, which achieved second place on the Shared Task leaderboard, combines initial statement retrieval; language models trained to predict the relevance scores; and ensembling of a number of the resulting rankings. Our code implementation is made available at https://github.com/mdda/worldtree_corpus/tree/textgraphs_2021

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Angel's Girl for Blind Painters: an Efficient Painting Navigation System Validated by Multimodal Evaluation Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12921">arxiv:2107.12921</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hang Liu, Menghan Hu, Yuzhen Chen, Qingli Li, Guangtao Zhai, Simon X. Yang, Xiao-Ping Zhang, Xiaokang Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For people who ardently love painting but unfortunately have visual impairments, holding a paintbrush to create a work is a very difficult task. People in this special group are eager to pick up the paintbrush, like Leonardo da Vinci, to create and make full use of their own talents. Therefore, to maximally bridge this gap, we propose a painting navigation system to assist blind people in painting and artistic creation. The proposed system is composed of cognitive system and guidance system. The system adopts drawing board positioning based on QR code, brush navigation based on target detection and bush real-time positioning. Meanwhile, this paper uses human-computer interaction on the basis of voice and a simple but efficient position information coding rule. In addition, we design a criterion to efficiently judge whether the brush reaches the target or not. According to the experimental results, the thermal curves extracted from the faces of testers show that it is relatively well accepted by blindfolded and even blind testers. With the prompt frequency of 1s, the painting navigation system performs best with the completion degree of 89% with SD of 8.37% and overflow degree of 347% with SD of 162.14%. Meanwhile, the excellent and good types of brush tip trajectory account for 74%, and the relative movement distance is 4.21 with SD of 2.51. This work demonstrates that it is practicable for the blind people to feel the world through the brush in their hands. In the future, we plan to deploy Angle's Eyes on the phone to make it more portable. The demo video of the proposed painting navigation system is available at: https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.9760004.v1.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Experiments on Properties of Hidden Structures of Sparse Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12917">arxiv:2107.12917</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Julian Stier, Harshil Darji, Michael Granitzer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sparsity in the structure of Neural Networks can lead to less energy consumption, less memory usage, faster computation times on convenient hardware, and automated machine learning. If sparsity gives rise to certain kinds of structure, it can explain automatically obtained features during learning.
  We provide insights into experiments in which we show how sparsity can be achieved through prior initialization, pruning, and during learning, and answer questions on the relationship between the structure of Neural Networks and their performance. This includes the first work of inducing priors from network theory into Recurrent Neural Networks and an architectural performance prediction during a Neural Architecture Search. Within our experiments, we show how magnitude class blinded pruning achieves 97.5% on MNIST with 80% compression and re-training, which is 0.5 points more than without compression, that magnitude class uniform pruning is significantly inferior to it and how a genetic search enhanced with performance prediction achieves 82.4% on CIFAR10. Further, performance prediction for Recurrent Networks learning the Reber grammar shows an $R^2$ of up to 0.81 given only structural information.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved-Mask R-CNN: Towards an Accurate Generic MSK MRI instance segmentation platform (Data from the Osteoarthritis Initiative)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12889">arxiv:2107.12889</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Banafshe Felfeliyan, Abhilash Hareendranathan, Gregor Kuntze, Jacob L. Jaremko, Janet L. Ronsky</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Objective assessment of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans of osteoarthritis (OA) can address the limitation of the current OA assessment. Segmentation of bone, cartilage, and joint fluid is necessary for the OA objective assessment. Most of the proposed segmentation methods are not performing instance segmentation and suffer from class imbalance problems. This study deployed Mask R-CNN instance segmentation and improved it (improved-Mask R-CNN (iMaskRCNN)) to obtain a more accurate generalized segmentation for OA-associated tissues. Training and validation of the method were performed using 500 MRI knees from the Osteoarthritis Initiative (OAI) dataset and 97 MRI scans of patients with symptomatic hip OA. Three modifications to Mask R-CNN yielded the iMaskRCNN: adding a 2nd ROIAligned block, adding an extra decoder layer to the mask-header, and connecting them by a skip connection. The results were assessed using Hausdorff distance, dice score, and coefficients of variation (CoV). The iMaskRCNN led to improved bone and cartilage segmentation compared to Mask RCNN as indicated with the increase in dice score from 95% to 98% for the femur, 95% to 97% for tibia, 71% to 80% for femoral cartilage, and 81% to 82% for tibial cartilage. For the effusion detection, dice improved with iMaskRCNN 72% versus MaskRCNN 71%. The CoV values for effusion detection between Reader1 and Mask R-CNN (0.33), Reader1 and iMaskRCNN (0.34), Reader2 and Mask R-CNN (0.22), Reader2 and iMaskRCNN (0.29) are close to CoV between two readers (0.21), indicating a high agreement between the human readers and both Mask R-CNN and iMaskRCNN. Mask R-CNN and iMaskRCNN can reliably and simultaneously extract different scale articular tissues involved in OA, forming the foundation for automated assessment of OA. The iMaskRCNN results show that the modification improved the network performance around the edges.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PDF-Malware: An Overview on Threats, Detection and Evasion Attacks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12873">arxiv:2107.12873</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nicolas Fleury, Theo Dubrunquez, Ihsen Alouani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the recent years, Portable Document Format, commonly known as PDF, has become a democratized standard for document exchange and dissemination. This trend has been due to its characteristics such as its flexibility and portability across platforms. The widespread use of PDF has installed a false impression of inherent safety among benign users. However, the characteristics of PDF motivated hackers to exploit various types of vulnerabilities, overcome security safeguards, thereby making the PDF format one of the most efficient malicious code attack vectors. Therefore, efficiently detecting malicious PDF files is crucial for information security. Several analysis techniques has been proposed in the literature, be it static or dynamic, to extract the main features that allow the discrimination of malware files from benign ones. Since classical analysis techniques may be limited in case of zero-days, machine-learning based techniques have emerged recently as an automatic PDF-malware detection method that is able to generalize from a set of training samples. These techniques are themselves facing the challenge of evasion attacks where a malicious PDF is transformed to look benign. In this work, we give an overview on the PDF-malware detection problem. We give a perspective on the new challenges and emerging solutions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Network Branch-and-Bound for Neural Network Verification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12855">arxiv:2107.12855</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Florian Jaeckle, Jingyue Lu, M. Pawan Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many available formal verification methods have been shown to be instances of a unified Branch-and-Bound (BaB) formulation. We propose a novel machine learning framework that can be used for designing an effective branching strategy as well as for computing better lower bounds. Specifically, we learn two graph neural networks (GNN) that both directly treat the network we want to verify as a graph input and perform forward-backward passes through the GNN layers. We use one GNN to simulate the strong branching heuristic behaviour and another to compute a feasible dual solution of the convex relaxation, thereby providing a valid lower bound.
  We provide a new verification dataset that is more challenging than those used in the literature, thereby providing an effective alternative for testing algorithmic improvements for verification. Whilst using just one of the GNNs leads to a reduction in verification time, we get optimal performance when combining the two GNN approaches. Our combined framework achieves a 50\% reduction in both the number of branches and the time required for verification on various convolutional networks when compared to several state-of-the-art verification methods. In addition, we show that our GNN models generalize well to harder properties on larger unseen networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph Autoencoders for Embedding Learning in Brain Networks and Major Depressive Disorder Identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12838">arxiv:2107.12838</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Fuad Noman, Chee-Ming Ting, Hakmook Kang, Raphael C. -W. Phan, Brian D. Boyd, Warren D. Taylor, Hernando Ombao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Brain functional connectivity (FC) reveals biomarkers for identification of various neuropsychiatric disorders. Recent application of deep neural networks (DNNs) to connectome-based classification mostly relies on traditional convolutional neural networks using input connectivity matrices on a regular Euclidean grid. We propose a graph deep learning framework to incorporate the non-Euclidean information about graph structure for classifying functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)- derived brain networks in major depressive disorder (MDD). We design a novel graph autoencoder (GAE) architecture based on the graph convolutional networks (GCNs) to embed the topological structure and node content of large-sized fMRI networks into low-dimensional latent representations. In network construction, we employ the Ledoit-Wolf (LDW) shrinkage method to estimate the high-dimensional FC metrics efficiently from fMRI data. We consider both supervised and unsupervised approaches for the graph embedded learning. The learned embeddings are then used as feature inputs for a deep fully-connected neural network (FCNN) to discriminate MDD from healthy controls. Evaluated on a resting-state fMRI MDD dataset with 43 subjects, results show that the proposed GAE-FCNN model significantly outperforms several state-of-the-art DNN methods for brain connectome classification, achieving accuracy of 72.50% using the LDW-FC metrics as node features. The graph embeddings of fMRI FC networks learned by the GAE also reveal apparent group differences between MDD and HC. Our new framework demonstrates feasibility of learning graph embeddings on brain networks to provide discriminative information for diagnosis of brain disorders.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Stacked Auto-Encoders for Fair Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12826">arxiv:2107.12826</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Patrik Joslin Kenfack, Adil Mehmood Khan, Rasheed Hussain, S. M. Ahsan Kazmi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Training machine learning models with the only accuracy as a final goal may promote prejudices and discriminatory behaviors embedded in the data. One solution is to learn latent representations that fulfill specific fairness metrics. Different types of learning methods are employed to map data into the fair representational space. The main purpose is to learn a latent representation of data that scores well on a fairness metric while maintaining the usability for the downstream task. In this paper, we propose a new fair representation learning approach that leverages different levels of representation of data to tighten the fairness bounds of the learned representation. Our results show that stacking different auto-encoders and enforcing fairness at different latent spaces result in an improvement of fairness compared to other existing approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Individual Survival Curves with Conditional Normalizing Flows</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12825">arxiv:2107.12825</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Guillaume Ausset, Tom Ciffreo, Francois Portier, Stephan Clémençon, Timothée Papin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Survival analysis, or time-to-event modelling, is a classical statistical problem that has garnered a lot of interest for its practical use in epidemiology, demographics or actuarial sciences. Recent advances on the subject from the point of view of machine learning have been concerned with precise per-individual predictions instead of population studies, driven by the rise of individualized medicine. We introduce here a conditional normalizing flow based estimate of the time-to-event density as a way to model highly flexible and individualized conditional survival distributions. We use a novel hierarchical formulation of normalizing flows to enable efficient fitting of flexible conditional distributions without overfitting and show how the normalizing flow formulation can be efficiently adapted to the censored setting. We experimentally validate the proposed approach on a synthetic dataset as well as four open medical datasets and an example of a common financial problem.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Statistical Guarantees for Fairness Aware Plug-In Algorithms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12783">arxiv:2107.12783</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Drona Khurana, Srinivasan Ravichandran, Sparsh Jain, Narayanan Unny Edakunni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A plug-in algorithm to estimate Bayes Optimal Classifiers for fairness-aware binary classification has been proposed in (Menon & Williamson, 2018). However, the statistical efficacy of their approach has not been established. We prove that the plug-in algorithm is statistically consistent. We also derive finite sample guarantees associated with learning the Bayes Optimal Classifiers via the plug-in algorithm. Finally, we propose a protocol that modifies the plug-in approach, so as to simultaneously guarantee fairness and differential privacy with respect to a binary feature deemed sensitive.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving ClusterGAN Using Self-AugmentedInformation Maximization of Disentangling LatentSpaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12706">arxiv:2107.12706</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tanmoy Dam, Sreenatha G. Anavatti, Hussein A. Abbass</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Latent Space Clustering in Generative adversarial networks (ClusterGAN) method has been successful with high-dimensional data. However, the method assumes uniformlydistributed priors during the generation of modes, which isa restrictive assumption in real-world data and cause loss ofdiversity in the generated modes. In this paper, we proposeself-augmentation information maximization improved Clus-terGAN (SIMI-ClusterGAN) to learn the distinctive priorsfrom the data. The proposed SIMI-ClusterGAN consists offour deep neural networks: self-augmentation prior network,generator, discriminator and clustering inference autoencoder.The proposed method has been validated using seven bench-mark data sets and has shown improved performance overstate-of-the art methods. To demonstrate the superiority ofSIMI-ClusterGAN performance on imbalanced dataset, wehave discussed two imbalanced conditions on MNIST datasetswith one-class imbalance and three classes imbalanced cases.The results highlight the advantages of SIMI-ClusterGAN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Source-Agnostic Gravitational-Wave Detection with Recurrent Autoencoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12698">arxiv:2107.12698</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Eric A. Moreno, Jean-Roch Vlimant, Maria Spiropulu, Bartlomiej Borzyszkowski, Maurizio Pierini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present an application of anomaly detection techniques based on deep recurrent autoencoders to the problem of detecting gravitational wave signals in laser interferometers. Trained on noise data, this class of algorithms could detect signals using an unsupervised strategy, i.e., without targeting a specific kind of source. We develop a custom architecture to analyze the data from two interferometers. We compare the obtained performance to that obtained with other autoencoder architectures and with a convolutional classifier. The unsupervised nature of the proposed strategy comes with a cost in terms of accuracy, when compared to more traditional supervised techniques. On the other hand, there is a qualitative gain in generalizing the experimental sensitivity beyond the ensemble of pre-computed signal templates. The recurrent autoencoder outperforms other autoencoders based on different architectures. The class of recurrent autoencoders presented in this paper could complement the search strategy employed for gravitational wave detection and extend the reach of the ongoing detection campaigns.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Role of Optimization in Double Descent: A Least Squares Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12685">arxiv:2107.12685</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ilja Kuzborskij, Csaba Szepesvári, Omar Rivasplata, Amal Rannen-Triki, Razvan Pascanu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Empirically it has been observed that the performance of deep neural networks steadily improves as we increase model size, contradicting the classical view on overfitting and generalization. Recently, the double descent phenomena has been proposed to reconcile this observation with theory, suggesting that the test error has a second descent when the model becomes sufficiently overparameterized, as the model size itself acts as an implicit regularizer. In this paper we add to the growing body of work in this space, providing a careful study of learning dynamics as a function of model size for the least squares scenario. We show an excess risk bound for the gradient descent solution of the least squares objective. The bound depends on the smallest non-zero eigenvalue of the covariance matrix of the input features, via a functional form that has the double descent behavior. This gives a new perspective on the double descent curves reported in the literature. Our analysis of the excess risk allows to decouple the effect of optimization and generalization error. In particular, we find that in case of noiseless regression, double descent is explained solely by optimization-related quantities, which was missed in studies focusing on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse solution. We believe that our derivation provides an alternative view compared to existing work, shedding some light on a possible cause of this phenomena, at least in the considered least squares setting. We empirically explore if our predictions hold for neural networks, in particular whether the covariance of intermediary hidden activations has a similar behavior as the one predicted by our derivations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COPS: Controlled Pruning Before Training Starts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12673">arxiv:2107.12673</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Paul Wimmer, Jens Mehnert, Alexandru Condurache</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** State-of-the-art deep neural network (DNN) pruning techniques, applied one-shot before training starts, evaluate sparse architectures with the help of a single criterion -- called pruning score. Pruning weights based on a solitary score works well for some architectures and pruning rates but may also fail for other ones. As a common baseline for pruning scores, we introduce the notion of a generalized synaptic score (GSS). In this work we do not concentrate on a single pruning criterion, but provide a framework for combining arbitrary GSSs to create more powerful pruning strategies. These COmbined Pruning Scores (COPS) are obtained by solving a constrained optimization problem. Optimizing for more than one score prevents the sparse network to overly specialize on an individual task, thus COntrols Pruning before training Starts. The combinatorial optimization problem given by COPS is relaxed on a linear program (LP). This LP is solved analytically and determines a solution for COPS. Furthermore, an algorithm to compute it for two scores numerically is proposed and evaluated. Solving COPS in such a way has lower complexity than the best general LP solver. In our experiments we compared pruning with COPS against state-of-the-art methods for different network architectures and image classification tasks and obtained improved results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Continual Learning with Neuron Activation Importance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12657">arxiv:2107.12657</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sohee Kim, Seungkyu Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Continual learning is a concept of online learning with multiple sequential tasks. One of the critical barriers of continual learning is that a network should learn a new task keeping the knowledge of old tasks without access to any data of the old tasks. In this paper, we propose a neuron activation importance-based regularization method for stable continual learning regardless of the order of tasks. We conduct comprehensive experiments on existing benchmark data sets to evaluate not just the stability and plasticity of our method with improved classification accuracy also the robustness of the performance along the changes of task order.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Deep Anomaly Detection for Multi-Sensor Time-Series Signals</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12626">arxiv:2107.12626</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yuxin Zhang, Yiqiang Chen, Jindong Wang, Zhiwen Pan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nowadays, multi-sensor technologies are applied in many fields, e.g., Health Care (HC), Human Activity Recognition (HAR), and Industrial Control System (ICS). These sensors can generate a substantial amount of multivariate time-series data. Unsupervised anomaly detection on multi-sensor time-series data has been proven critical in machine learning researches. The key challenge is to discover generalized normal patterns by capturing spatial-temporal correlation in multi-sensor data. Beyond this challenge, the noisy data is often intertwined with the training data, which is likely to mislead the model by making it hard to distinguish between the normal, abnormal, and noisy data. Few of previous researches can jointly address these two challenges. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning-based anomaly detection algorithm called Deep Convolutional Autoencoding Memory network (CAE-M). We first build a Deep Convolutional Autoencoder to characterize spatial dependence of multi-sensor data with a Maximum Mean Discrepancy (MMD) to better distinguish between the noisy, normal, and abnormal data. Then, we construct a Memory Network consisting of linear (Autoregressive Model) and non-linear predictions (Bidirectional LSTM with Attention) to capture temporal dependence from time-series data. Finally, CAE-M jointly optimizes these two subnetworks. We empirically compare the proposed approach with several state-of-the-art anomaly detection methods on HAR and HC datasets. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed model outperforms these existing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Homogeneous Architecture Augmentation for Neural Predictor</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13153">arxiv:2107.13153</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yuqiao Liu, Yehui Tang, Yanan Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural Architecture Search (NAS) can automatically design well-performed architectures of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) for the tasks at hand. However, one bottleneck of NAS is the prohibitively computational cost largely due to the expensive performance evaluation. The neural predictors can directly estimate the performance without any training of the DNNs to be evaluated, thus have drawn increasing attention from researchers. Despite their popularity, they also suffer a severe limitation: the shortage of annotated DNN architectures for effectively training the neural predictors. In this paper, we proposed Homogeneous Architecture Augmentation for Neural Predictor (HAAP) of DNN architectures to address the issue aforementioned. Specifically, a homogeneous architecture augmentation algorithm is proposed in HAAP to generate sufficient training data taking the use of homogeneous representation. Furthermore, the one-hot encoding strategy is introduced into HAAP to make the representation of DNN architectures more effective. The experiments have been conducted on both NAS-Benchmark-101 and NAS-Bench-201 dataset. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed HAAP algorithm outperforms the state of the arts compared, yet with much less training data. In addition, the ablation studies on both benchmark datasets have also shown the universality of the homogeneous architecture augmentation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Whole Slide Images are 2D Point Clouds: Context-Aware Survival Prediction using Patch-based Graph Convolutional Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.13048">arxiv:2107.13048</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Richard J. Chen, Ming Y. Lu, Muhammad Shaban, Chengkuan Chen, Tiffany Y. Chen, Drew F. K. Williamson, Faisal Mahmood</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cancer prognostication is a challenging task in computational pathology that requires context-aware representations of histology features to adequately infer patient survival. Despite the advancements made in weakly-supervised deep learning, many approaches are not context-aware and are unable to model important morphological feature interactions between cell identities and tissue types that are prognostic for patient survival. In this work, we present Patch-GCN, a context-aware, spatially-resolved patch-based graph convolutional network that hierarchically aggregates instance-level histology features to model local- and global-level topological structures in the tumor microenvironment. We validate Patch-GCN with 4,370 gigapixel WSIs across five different cancer types from the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA), and demonstrate that Patch-GCN outperforms all prior weakly-supervised approaches by 3.58-9.46%. Our code and corresponding models are publicly available at https://github.com/mahmoodlab/Patch-GCN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-architecture Tuning of Silicon and SiGe-based Quantum Devices Using Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12975">arxiv:2107.12975</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>B. Severin, D. T. Lennon, L. C. Camenzind, F. Vigneau, F. Fedele, D. Jirovec, A. Ballabio, D. Chrastina, G. Isella, M. de Kruijf, M. J. Carballido, S. Svab, A. V. Kuhlmann, F. R. Braakman, S. Geyer, F. N. M. Froning, H. Moon, M. A. Osborne, D. Sejdinovic, G. Katsaros, D. M. Zumbühl, G. A. D. Briggs, N. Ares</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The potential of Si and SiGe-based devices for the scaling of quantum circuits is tainted by device variability. Each device needs to be tuned to operation conditions. We give a key step towards tackling this variability with an algorithm that, without modification, is capable of tuning a 4-gate Si FinFET, a 5-gate GeSi nanowire and a 7-gate SiGe heterostructure double quantum dot device from scratch. We achieve tuning times of 30, 10, and 92 minutes, respectively. The algorithm also provides insight into the parameter space landscape for each of these devices. These results show that overarching solutions for the tuning of quantum devices are enabled by machine learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Verifiable Coded Computing: Towards Fast, Secure and Private Distributed Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12958">arxiv:2107.12958</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tingting Tang, Ramy E. Ali, Hanieh Hashemi, Tynan Gangwani, Salman Avestimehr, Murali Annavaram</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Stragglers, Byzantine workers, and data privacy are the main bottlenecks in distributed cloud computing. Several prior works proposed coded computing strategies to jointly address all three challenges. They require either a large number of workers, a significant communication cost or a significant computational complexity to tolerate malicious workers. Much of the overhead in prior schemes comes from the fact that they tightly couple coding for all three problems into a single framework. In this work, we propose Verifiable Coded Computing (VCC) framework that decouples Byzantine node detection challenge from the straggler tolerance. VCC leverages coded computing just for handling stragglers and privacy, and then uses an orthogonal approach of verifiable computing to tackle Byzantine nodes. Furthermore, VCC dynamically adapts its coding scheme to tradeoff straggler tolerance with Byzantine protection and vice-versa. We evaluate VCC on compute intensive distributed logistic regression application. Our experiments show that VCC speeds up the conventional uncoded implementation of distributed logistic regression by $3.2\times-6.9\times$, and also improves the test accuracy by up to $12.6\%$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Numeric Optimal Differentially Private Truncated Additive Mechanisms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12957">arxiv:2107.12957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>David M. Sommer, Lukas Abfalterer, Sheila Zingg, Esfandiar Mohammadi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Differentially private (DP) mechanisms face the challenge of providing accurate results while protecting their inputs: the privacy-utility trade-off. A simple but powerful technique for DP adds noise to sensitivity-bounded query outputs to blur the exact query output: additive mechanisms. While a vast body of work considers infinitely wide noise distributions, some applications (e.g., real-time operating systems) require hard bounds on the deviations from the real query, and only limited work on such mechanisms exist. An additive mechanism with truncated noise (i.e., with bounded range) can offer such hard bounds. We introduce a gradient-descent-based tool to learn truncated noise for additive mechanisms with strong utility bounds while simultaneously optimizing for differential privacy under sequential composition, i.e., scenarios where multiple noisy queries on the same data are revealed. Our method can learn discrete noise patterns and not only hyper-parameters of a predefined probability distribution. For sensitivity bounded mechanisms, we show that it is sufficient to consider symmetric and that\new{, for from the mean monotonically falling noise,} ensuring privacy for a pair of representative query outputs guarantees privacy for all pairs of inputs (that differ in one element). We find that the utility-privacy trade-off curves of our generated noise are remarkably close to truncated Gaussians and even replicate their shape for $l_2$ utility-loss. For a low number of compositions, we also improved DP-SGD (sub-sampling). Moreover, we extend Moments Accountant to truncated distributions, allowing to incorporate mechanism output events with varying input-dependent zero occurrence probability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Initial Foundation for Predicting Individual Earthquake's Location and Magnitude by Using Glass-Box Physics Rule Learner</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12915">arxiv:2107.12915</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>In Ho Cho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although researchers accumulated knowledge about seismogenesis and decades-long earthquake data, predicting imminent individual earthquakes at a specific time and location remains a long-standing enigma. This study hypothesizes that the observed data conceal the hidden rules which may be unraveled by a novel glass-box (as opposed to black-box) physics rule learner (GPRL) framework. Without any predefined earthquake-related mechanisms or statistical laws, GPRL's two essentials, convolved information index and transparent link function, seek generic expressions of rules directly from data. GPRL's training with 10-years data appears to identify plausible rules, suggesting a combination of the pseudo power and the pseudo vorticity of released energy in the lithosphere. Independent feasibility test supports the promising role of the unraveled rules in predicting earthquakes' magnitudes and their specific locations. The identified rules and GPRL are in their infancy requiring substantial improvement. Still, this study hints at the existence of the data-guided hidden pathway to imminent individual earthquake prediction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sparse Bayesian Deep Learning for Dynamic System Identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12910">arxiv:2107.12910</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hongpeng Zhou, Chahine Ibrahim, Wei Xing Zheng, Wei Pan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes a sparse Bayesian treatment of deep neural networks (DNNs) for system identification. Although DNNs show impressive approximation ability in various fields, several challenges still exist for system identification problems. First, DNNs are known to be too complex that they can easily overfit the training data. Second, the selection of the input regressors for system identification is nontrivial. Third, uncertainty quantification of the model parameters and predictions are necessary. The proposed Bayesian approach offers a principled way to alleviate the above challenges by marginal likelihood/model evidence approximation and structured group sparsity-inducing priors construction. The identification algorithm is derived as an iterative regularized optimization procedure that can be solved as efficiently as training typical DNNs. Furthermore, a practical calculation approach based on the Monte-Carlo integration method is derived to quantify the uncertainty of the parameters and predictions. The effectiveness of the proposed Bayesian approach is demonstrated on several linear and nonlinear systems identification benchmarks with achieving good and competitive simulation accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A persistent homology-based topological loss for CNN-based multi-class segmentation of CMR</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12689">arxiv:2107.12689</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nick Byrne, James R Clough, Isra Valverde, Giovanni Montana, Andrew P King</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-class segmentation of cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) images seeks a separation of data into anatomical components with known structure and configuration. The most popular CNN-based methods are optimised using pixel wise loss functions, ignorant of the spatially extended features that characterise anatomy. Therefore, whilst sharing a high spatial overlap with the ground truth, inferred CNN-based segmentations can lack coherence, including spurious connected components, holes and voids. Such results are implausible, violating anticipated anatomical topology. In response, (single-class) persistent homology-based loss functions have been proposed to capture global anatomical features. Our work extends these approaches to the task of multi-class segmentation. Building an enriched topological description of all class labels and class label pairs, our loss functions make predictable and statistically significant improvements in segmentation topology using a CNN-based post-processing framework. We also present (and make available) a highly efficient implementation based on cubical complexes and parallel execution, enabling practical application within high resolution 3D data for the first time. We demonstrate our approach on 2D short axis and 3D whole heart CMR segmentation, advancing a detailed and faithful analysis of performance on two publicly available datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Variational Models for Collaborative Filtering-based Recommender Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12677">arxiv:2107.12677</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jesús Bobadilla, Fernando Ortega, Abraham Gutiérrez, Ángel González-Prieto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning provides accurate collaborative filtering models to improve recommender system results. Deep matrix factorization and their related collaborative neural networks are the state-of-art in the field; nevertheless, both models lack the necessary stochasticity to create the robust, continuous, and structured latent spaces that variational autoencoders exhibit. On the other hand, data augmentation through variational autoencoder does not provide accurate results in the collaborative filtering field due to the high sparsity of recommender systems. Our proposed models apply the variational concept to inject stochasticity in the latent space of the deep architecture, introducing the variational technique in the neural collaborative filtering field. This method does not depend on the particular model used to generate the latent representation. In this way, this approach can be applied as a plugin to any current and future specific models. The proposed models have been tested using four representative open datasets, three different quality measures, and state-of-art baselines. The results show the superiority of the proposed approach in scenarios where the variational enrichment exceeds the injected noise effect. Additionally, a framework is provided to enable the reproducibility of the conducted experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Estimate RIS-Aided mmWave Channels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12631">arxiv:2107.12631</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jiguang He, Henk Wymeersch, Marco Di Renzo, Markku Juntti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Inspired by the remarkable learning and prediction performance of deep neural networks (DNNs), we apply one special type of DNN framework, known as model-driven deep unfolding neural network, to reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided millimeter wave (mmWave) single-input multiple-output (SIMO) systems. We focus on uplink cascaded channel estimation, where known and fixed base station combining and RIS phase control matrices are considered for collecting observations. To boost the estimation performance and reduce the training overhead, the inherent channel sparsity of mmWave channels is leveraged in the deep unfolding method. It is verified that the proposed deep unfolding network architecture can outperform the least squares (LS) method with a relatively smaller training overhead and online computational complexity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Physiologically-Adapted Gold Standard for Arousal during Stress</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12964">arxiv:2107.12964</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Alice Baird, Lukas Stappen, Lukas Christ, Lea Schumann, Eva-Maria Meßner, Björn W. Schuller</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Emotion is an inherently subjective psychophysiological human-state and to produce an agreed-upon representation (gold standard) for continuous emotion requires a time-consuming and costly training procedure of multiple human annotators. There is strong evidence in the literature that physiological signals are sufficient objective markers for states of emotion, particularly arousal. In this contribution, we utilise a dataset which includes continuous emotion and physiological signals - Heartbeats per Minute (BPM), Electrodermal Activity (EDA), and Respiration-rate - captured during a stress inducing scenario (Trier Social Stress Test). We utilise a Long Short-Term Memory, Recurrent Neural Network to explore the benefit of fusing these physiological signals with arousal as the target, learning from various audio, video, and textual based features. We utilise the state-of-the-art MuSe-Toolbox to consider both annotation delay and inter-rater agreement weighting when fusing the target signals. An improvement in Concordance Correlation Coefficient (CCC) is seen across features sets when fusing EDA with arousal, compared to the arousal only gold standard results. Additionally, BERT-based textual features' results improved for arousal plus all physiological signals, obtaining up to .3344 CCC compared to .2118 CCC for arousal only. Multimodal fusion also improves overall CCC with audio plus video features obtaining up to .6157 CCC to recognize arousal plus EDA and BPM.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HPTMT: Operator-Based Architecture for Scalable High-Performance Data-Intensive Frameworks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12807">arxiv:2107.12807</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Supun Kamburugamuve, Chathura Widanage, Niranda Perera, Vibhatha Abeykoon, Ahmet Uyar, Thejaka Amila Kanewala, Gregor von Laszewski, Geoffrey Fox</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data-intensive applications impact many domains, and their steadily increasing size and complexity demands high-performance, highly usable environments. We integrate a set of ideas developed in various data science and data engineering frameworks. They employ a set of operators on specific data abstractions that include vectors, matrices, tensors, graphs, and tables. Our key concepts are inspired from systems like MPI, HPF (High-Performance Fortran), NumPy, Pandas, Spark, Modin, PyTorch, TensorFlow, RAPIDS(NVIDIA), and OneAPI (Intel). Further, it is crucial to support different languages in everyday use in the Big Data arena, including Python, R, C++, and Java. We note the importance of Apache Arrow and Parquet for enabling language agnostic high performance and interoperability. In this paper, we propose High-Performance Tensors, Matrices and Tables (HPTMT), an operator-based architecture for data-intensive applications, and identify the fundamental principles needed for performance and usability success. We illustrate these principles by a discussion of examples using our software environments, Cylon and Twister2 that embody HPTMT.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ENHANCE (ENriching Health data by ANnotations of Crowd and Experts): A case study for skin lesion classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12734">arxiv:2107.12734</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ralf Raumanns, Gerard Schouten, Max Joosten, Josien P. W. Pluim, Veronika Cheplygina</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present ENHANCE, an open dataset with multiple annotations to complement the existing ISIC and PH2 skin lesion classification datasets. This dataset contains annotations of visual ABC (asymmetry, border, colour) features from non-expert annotation sources: undergraduate students, crowd workers from Amazon MTurk and classic image processing algorithms. In this paper we first analyse the correlations between the annotations and the diagnostic label of the lesion, as well as study the agreement between different annotation sources. Overall we find weak correlations of non-expert annotations with the diagnostic label, and low agreement between different annotation sources. We then study multi-task learning (MTL) with the annotations as additional labels, and show that non-expert annotations can improve (ensembles of) state-of-the-art convolutional neural networks via MTL. We hope that our dataset can be used in further research into multiple annotations and/or MTL. All data and models are available on Github: https://github.com/raumannsr/ENHANCE.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The CORSMAL benchmark for the prediction of the properties of containers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12719">arxiv:2107.12719</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Alessio Xompero, Santiago Donaher, Vladimir Iashin, Francesca Palermo, Gökhan Solak, Claudio Coppola, Reina Ishikawa, Yuichi Nagao, Ryo Hachiuma, Qi Liu, Fan Feng, Chuanlin Lan, Rosa H. M. Chan, Guilherme Christmann, Jyun-Ting Song, Gonuguntla Neeharika, Chinnakotla Krishna Teja Reddy, Dinesh Jain, Bakhtawar Ur Rehman, Andrea Cavallaro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Acoustic and visual sensing can support the contactless estimation of the weight of a container and the amount of its content when a person manipulate them. However, opaqueness and transparencies (both of the container and of the content) and the variability of materials, shapes and sizes make this problem challenging. In this paper, we present an open framework to benchmark methods for the estimation of the capacity of a container, and the type, mass, and amount of its content. The framework includes a dataset, well-defined tasks and performance measures, baselines and state-of-the-art methods, and an in-depth comparative analysis of these methods. Deep learning with neural networks with audio alone or a combination of audio and visual data are used by the methods to classify the type and amount of the content, either independently or jointly. Regression and geometric approaches with visual data are preferred to determine the capacity of the container. Results show that classifying the content type and level with methods that use only audio as input modality achieves a weighted average F1-score up to 81% and 97%, respectively. Estimating the container capacity with vision-only approaches and filling mass with audio-visual, multi-stage algorithms reaches up to 65% weighted average capacity and mass scores.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Vision-Guided Forecasting -- Visual Context for Multi-Horizon Time Series Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.12674">arxiv:2107.12674</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Eitan Kosman, Dotan Di Castro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autonomous driving gained huge traction in recent years, due to its potential to change the way we commute. Much effort has been put into trying to estimate the state of a vehicle. Meanwhile, learning to forecast the state of a vehicle ahead introduces new capabilities, such as predicting dangerous situations. Moreover, forecasting brings new supervision opportunities by learning to predict richer a context, expressed by multiple horizons. Intuitively, a video stream originated from a front-facing camera is necessary because it encodes information about the upcoming road. Besides, historical traces of the vehicle's states give more context. In this paper, we tackle multi-horizon forecasting of vehicle states by fusing the two modalities. We design and experiment with 3 end-to-end architectures that exploit 3D convolutions for visual features extraction and 1D convolutions for features extraction from speed and steering angle traces. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, we perform extensive experiments on two publicly available real-world datasets, Comma2k19 and the Udacity challenge. We show that we are able to forecast a vehicle's state to various horizons, while outperforming the current state-of-the-art results on the related task of driving state estimation. We examine the contribution of vision features, and find that a model fed with vision features achieves an error that is 56.6% and 66.9% of the error of a model that doesn't use those features, on the Udacity and Comma2k19 datasets respectively.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-07/2021-07-26.md)
