## Summary for 2021-03-24, created on 2021-12-23


<details><summary><b>Ontology-Based Recommendation of Editorial Products</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13526">arxiv:2103.13526</a>
&#x1F4C8; 27 <br>
<p>Thiviyan Thanapalasingam, Francesco Osborne, Aliaksandr Birukou, Enrico Motta</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Major academic publishers need to be able to analyse their vast catalogue of products and select the best items to be marketed in scientific venues. This is a complex exercise that requires characterising with a high precision the topics of thousands of books and matching them with the interests of the relevant communities. In Springer Nature, this task has been traditionally handled manually by publishing editors. However, the rapid growth in the number of scientific publications and the dynamic nature of the Computer Science landscape has made this solution increasingly inefficient. We have addressed this issue by creating Smart Book Recommender (SBR), an ontology-based recommender system developed by The Open University (OU) in collaboration with Springer Nature, which supports their Computer Science editorial team in selecting the products to market at specific venues. SBR recommends books, journals, and conference proceedings relevant to a conference by taking advantage of a semantically enhanced representation of about 27K editorial products. This is based on the Computer Science Ontology, a very large-scale, automatically generated taxonomy of research areas. SBR also allows users to investigate why a certain publication was suggested by the system. It does so by means of an interactive graph view that displays the topic taxonomy of the recommended editorial product and compares it with the topic-centric characterization of the input conference. An evaluation carried out with seven Springer Nature editors and seven OU researchers has confirmed the effectiveness of the solution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Label Classification Neural Networks with Hard Logical Constraints</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13427">arxiv:2103.13427</a>
&#x1F4C8; 26 <br>
<p>Eleonora Giunchiglia, Thomas Lukasiewicz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-label classification (MC) is a standard machine learning problem in which a data point can be associated with a set of classes. A more challenging scenario is given by hierarchical multi-label classification (HMC) problems, in which every prediction must satisfy a given set of hard constraints expressing subclass relationships between classes. In this paper, we propose C-HMCNN(h), a novel approach for solving HMC problems, which, given a network h for the underlying MC problem, exploits the hierarchy information in order to produce predictions coherent with the constraints and to improve performance. Furthermore, we extend the logic used to express HMC constraints in order to be able to specify more complex relations among the classes and propose a new model CCN(h), which extends C-HMCNN(h) and is again able to satisfy and exploit the constraints to improve performance. We conduct an extensive experimental analysis showing the superior performance of both C-HMCNN(h) and CCN(h) when compared to state-of-the-art models in both the HMC and the general MC setting with hard logical constraints.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Dynamic Alignment via Meta-filter for Few-shot Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13582">arxiv:2103.13582</a>
&#x1F4C8; 25 <br>
<p>Chengming Xu, Chen Liu, Li Zhang, Chengjie Wang, Jilin Li, Feiyue Huang, Xiangyang Xue, Yanwei Fu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Few-shot learning (FSL), which aims to recognise new classes by adapting the learned knowledge with extremely limited few-shot (support) examples, remains an important open problem in computer vision. Most of the existing methods for feature alignment in few-shot learning only consider image-level or spatial-level alignment while omitting the channel disparity. Our insight is that these methods would lead to poor adaptation with redundant matching, and leveraging channel-wise adjustment is the key to well adapting the learned knowledge to new classes. Therefore, in this paper, we propose to learn a dynamic alignment, which can effectively highlight both query regions and channels according to different local support information. Specifically, this is achieved by first dynamically sampling the neighbourhood of the feature position conditioned on the input few shot, based on which we further predict a both position-dependent and channel-dependent Dynamic Meta-filter. The filter is used to align the query feature with position-specific and channel-specific knowledge. Moreover, we adopt Neural Ordinary Differential Equation (ODE) to enable a more accurate control of the alignment. In such a sense our model is able to better capture fine-grained semantic context of the few-shot example and thus facilitates dynamical knowledge adaptation for few-shot learning. The resulting framework establishes the new state-of-the-arts on major few-shot visual recognition benchmarks, including miniImageNet and tieredImageNet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Feature Transformations for Discriminative and Generative Continual Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13558">arxiv:2103.13558</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Vinay Kumar Verma, Kevin J Liang, Nikhil Mehta, Piyush Rai, Lawrence Carin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As neural networks are increasingly being applied to real-world applications, mechanisms to address distributional shift and sequential task learning without forgetting are critical. Methods incorporating network expansion have shown promise by naturally adding model capacity for learning new tasks while simultaneously avoiding catastrophic forgetting. However, the growth in the number of additional parameters of many of these types of methods can be computationally expensive at larger scales, at times prohibitively so. Instead, we propose a simple task-specific feature map transformation strategy for continual learning, which we call Efficient Feature Transformations (EFTs). These EFTs provide powerful flexibility for learning new tasks, achieved with minimal parameters added to the base architecture. We further propose a feature distance maximization strategy, which significantly improves task prediction in class incremental settings, without needing expensive generative models. We demonstrate the efficacy and efficiency of our method with an extensive set of experiments in discriminative (CIFAR-100 and ImageNet-1K) and generative (LSUN, CUB-200, Cats) sequences of tasks. Even with low single-digit parameter growth rates, EFTs can outperform many other continual learning methods in a wide range of settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Are Multilingual Models Effective in Code-Switching?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13309">arxiv:2103.13309</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Genta Indra Winata, Samuel Cahyawijaya, Zihan Liu, Zhaojiang Lin, Andrea Madotto, Pascale Fung</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multilingual language models have shown decent performance in multilingual and cross-lingual natural language understanding tasks. However, the power of these multilingual models in code-switching tasks has not been fully explored. In this paper, we study the effectiveness of multilingual language models to understand their capability and adaptability to the mixed-language setting by considering the inference speed, performance, and number of parameters to measure their practicality. We conduct experiments in three language pairs on named entity recognition and part-of-speech tagging and compare them with existing methods, such as using bilingual embeddings and multilingual meta-embeddings. Our findings suggest that pre-trained multilingual models do not necessarily guarantee high-quality representations on code-switching, while using meta-embeddings achieves similar results with significantly fewer parameters.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Addressing catastrophic forgetting for medical domain expansion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13511">arxiv:2103.13511</a>
&#x1F4C8; 22 <br>
<p>Sharut Gupta, Praveer Singh, Ken Chang, Liangqiong Qu, Mehak Aggarwal, Nishanth Arun, Ashwin Vaswani, Shruti Raghavan, Vibha Agarwal, Mishka Gidwani, Katharina Hoebel, Jay Patel, Charles Lu, Christopher P. Bridge, Daniel L. Rubin, Jayashree Kalpathy-Cramer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Model brittleness is a key concern when deploying deep learning models in real-world medical settings. A model that has high performance at one institution may suffer a significant decline in performance when tested at other institutions. While pooling datasets from multiple institutions and retraining may provide a straightforward solution, it is often infeasible and may compromise patient privacy. An alternative approach is to fine-tune the model on subsequent institutions after training on the original institution. Notably, this approach degrades model performance at the original institution, a phenomenon known as catastrophic forgetting. In this paper, we develop an approach to address catastrophic forget-ting based on elastic weight consolidation combined with modulation of batch normalization statistics under two scenarios: first, for expanding the domain from one imaging system's data to another imaging system's, and second, for expanding the domain from a large multi-institutional dataset to another single institution dataset. We show that our approach outperforms several other state-of-the-art approaches and provide theoretical justification for the efficacy of batch normalization modulation. The results of this study are generally applicable to the deployment of any clinical deep learning model which requires domain expansion.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Representing Numbers in NLP: a Survey and a Vision</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13136">arxiv:2103.13136</a>
&#x1F4C8; 22 <br>
<p>Avijit Thawani, Jay Pujara, Pedro A. Szekely, Filip Ilievski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** NLP systems rarely give special consideration to numbers found in text. This starkly contrasts with the consensus in neuroscience that, in the brain, numbers are represented differently from words. We arrange recent NLP work on numeracy into a comprehensive taxonomy of tasks and methods. We break down the subjective notion of numeracy into 7 subtasks, arranged along two dimensions: granularity (exact vs approximate) and units (abstract vs grounded). We analyze the myriad representational choices made by 18 previously published number encoders and decoders. We synthesize best practices for representing numbers in text and articulate a vision for holistic numeracy in NLP, comprised of design trade-offs and a unified evaluation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Diverse Branch Block: Building a Convolution as an Inception-like Unit</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13425">arxiv:2103.13425</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Xiaohan Ding, Xiangyu Zhang, Jungong Han, Guiguang Ding</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a universal building block of Convolutional Neural Network (ConvNet) to improve the performance without any inference-time costs. The block is named Diverse Branch Block (DBB), which enhances the representational capacity of a single convolution by combining diverse branches of different scales and complexities to enrich the feature space, including sequences of convolutions, multi-scale convolutions, and average pooling. After training, a DBB can be equivalently converted into a single conv layer for deployment. Unlike the advancements of novel ConvNet architectures, DBB complicates the training-time microstructure while maintaining the macro architecture, so that it can be used as a drop-in replacement for regular conv layers of any architecture. In this way, the model can be trained to reach a higher level of performance and then transformed into the original inference-time structure for inference. DBB improves ConvNets on image classification (up to 1.9% higher top-1 accuracy on ImageNet), object detection and semantic segmentation. The PyTorch code and models are released at https://github.com/DingXiaoH/DiverseBranchBlock.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Drug Recommendation System based on Sentiment Analysis of Drug Reviews using Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01113">arxiv:2104.01113</a>
&#x1F4C8; 17 <br>
<p>Satvik Garg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Since coronavirus has shown up, inaccessibility of legitimate clinical resources is at its peak, like the shortage of specialists, healthcare workers, lack of proper equipment and medicines. The entire medical fraternity is in distress, which results in numerous individuals demise. Due to unavailability, people started taking medication independently without appropriate consultation, making the health condition worse than usual. As of late, machine learning has been valuable in numerous applications, and there is an increase in innovative work for automation. This paper intends to present a drug recommender system that can drastically reduce specialists heap. In this research, we build a medicine recommendation system that uses patient reviews to predict the sentiment using various vectorization processes like Bow, TFIDF, Word2Vec, and Manual Feature Analysis, which can help recommend the top drug for a given disease by different classification algorithms. The predicted sentiments were evaluated by precision, recall, f1score, accuracy, and AUC score. The results show that classifier LinearSVC using TFIDF vectorization outperforms all other models with 93% accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Affective Processes: stochastic modelling of temporal context for emotion and facial expression recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13372">arxiv:2103.13372</a>
&#x1F4C8; 12 <br>
<p>Enrique Sanchez, Mani Kumar Tellamekala, Michel Valstar, Georgios Tzimiropoulos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Temporal context is key to the recognition of expressions of emotion. Existing methods, that rely on recurrent or self-attention models to enforce temporal consistency, work on the feature level, ignoring the task-specific temporal dependencies, and fail to model context uncertainty. To alleviate these issues, we build upon the framework of Neural Processes to propose a method for apparent emotion recognition with three key novel components: (a) probabilistic contextual representation with a global latent variable model; (b) temporal context modelling using task-specific predictions in addition to features; and (c) smart temporal context selection. We validate our approach on four databases, two for Valence and Arousal estimation (SEWA and AffWild2), and two for Action Unit intensity estimation (DISFA and BP4D). Results show a consistent improvement over a series of strong baselines as well as over state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Portable, Self-Contained Neuroprosthetic Hand with Deep Learning-Based Finger Control</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13452">arxiv:2103.13452</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Anh Tuan Nguyen, Markus W. Drealan, Diu Khue Luu, Ming Jiang, Jian Xu, Jonathan Cheng, Qi Zhao, Edward W. Keefer, Zhi Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Objective: Deep learning-based neural decoders have emerged as the prominent approach to enable dexterous and intuitive control of neuroprosthetic hands. Yet few studies have materialized the use of deep learning in clinical settings due to its high computational requirements. Methods: Recent advancements of edge computing devices bring the potential to alleviate this problem. Here we present the implementation of a neuroprosthetic hand with embedded deep learning-based control. The neural decoder is designed based on the recurrent neural network (RNN) architecture and deployed on the NVIDIA Jetson Nano - a compacted yet powerful edge computing platform for deep learning inference. This enables the implementation of the neuroprosthetic hand as a portable and self-contained unit with real-time control of individual finger movements. Results: The proposed system is evaluated on a transradial amputee using peripheral nerve signals (ENG) with implanted intrafascicular microelectrodes. The experiment results demonstrate the system's capabilities of providing robust, high-accuracy (95-99%) and low-latency (50-120 msec) control of individual finger movements in various laboratory and real-world environments. Conclusion: Modern edge computing platforms enable the effective use of deep learning-based neural decoders for neuroprosthesis control as an autonomous system. Significance: This work helps pioneer the deployment of deep neural networks in clinical applications underlying a new class of wearable biomedical devices with embedded artificial intelligence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Why Do Local Methods Solve Nonconvex Problems?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13462">arxiv:2103.13462</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Tengyu Ma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Non-convex optimization is ubiquitous in modern machine learning. Researchers devise non-convex objective functions and optimize them using off-the-shelf optimizers such as stochastic gradient descent and its variants, which leverage the local geometry and update iteratively. Even though solving non-convex functions is NP-hard in the worst case, the optimization quality in practice is often not an issue -- optimizers are largely believed to find approximate global minima. Researchers hypothesize a unified explanation for this intriguing phenomenon: most of the local minima of the practically-used objectives are approximately global minima. We rigorously formalize it for concrete instances of machine learning problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Salient Boundary Feature for Anchor-free Temporal Action Localization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13137">arxiv:2103.13137</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Chuming Lin, Chengming Xu, Donghao Luo, Yabiao Wang, Ying Tai, Chengjie Wang, Jilin Li, Feiyue Huang, Yanwei Fu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Temporal action localization is an important yet challenging task in video understanding. Typically, such a task aims at inferring both the action category and localization of the start and end frame for each action instance in a long, untrimmed video.While most current models achieve good results by using pre-defined anchors and numerous actionness, such methods could be bothered with both large number of outputs and heavy tuning of locations and sizes corresponding to different anchors. Instead, anchor-free methods is lighter, getting rid of redundant hyper-parameters, but gains few attention. In this paper, we propose the first purely anchor-free temporal localization method, which is both efficient and effective. Our model includes (i) an end-to-end trainable basic predictor, (ii) a saliency-based refinement module to gather more valuable boundary features for each proposal with a novel boundary pooling, and (iii) several consistency constraints to make sure our model can find the accurate boundary given arbitrary proposals. Extensive experiments show that our method beats all anchor-based and actionness-guided methods with a remarkable margin on THUMOS14, achieving state-of-the-art results, and comparable ones on ActivityNet v1.3. Code is available at https://github.com/TencentYoutuResearch/ActionDetection-AFSD.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reading and Acting while Blindfolded: The Need for Semantics in Text Game Agents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13552">arxiv:2103.13552</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Shunyu Yao, Karthik Narasimhan, Matthew Hausknecht</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Text-based games simulate worlds and interact with players using natural language. Recent work has used them as a testbed for autonomous language-understanding agents, with the motivation being that understanding the meanings of words or semantics is a key component of how humans understand, reason, and act in these worlds. However, it remains unclear to what extent artificial agents utilize semantic understanding of the text. To this end, we perform experiments to systematically reduce the amount of semantic information available to a learning agent. Surprisingly, we find that an agent is capable of achieving high scores even in the complete absence of language semantics, indicating that the currently popular experimental setup and models may be poorly designed to understand and leverage game texts. To remedy this deficiency, we propose an inverse dynamics decoder to regularize the representation space and encourage exploration, which shows improved performance on several games including Zork I. We discuss the implications of our findings for designing future agents with stronger semantic understanding.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Editorial Workflow and Metadata Quality at Springer Nature</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13527">arxiv:2103.13527</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Angelo A. Salatino, Francesco Osborne, Aliaksandr Birukou, Enrico Motta</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Identifying the research topics that best describe the scope of a scientific publication is a crucial task for editors, in particular because the quality of these annotations determine how effectively users are able to discover the right content in online libraries. For this reason, Springer Nature, the world's largest academic book publisher, has traditionally entrusted this task to their most expert editors. These editors manually analyse all new books, possibly including hundreds of chapters, and produce a list of the most relevant topics. Hence, this process has traditionally been very expensive, time-consuming, and confined to a few senior editors. For these reasons, back in 2016 we developed Smart Topic Miner (STM), an ontology-driven application that assists the Springer Nature editorial team in annotating the volumes of all books covering conference proceedings in Computer Science. Since then STM has been regularly used by editors in Germany, China, Brazil, India, and Japan, for a total of about 800 volumes per year. Over the past three years the initial prototype has iteratively evolved in response to feedback from the users and evolving requirements. In this paper we present the most recent version of the tool and describe the evolution of the system over the years, the key lessons learnt, and the impact on the Springer Nature workflow. In particular, our solution has drastically reduced the time needed to annotate proceedings and significantly improved their discoverability, resulting in 9.3 million additional downloads. We also present a user study involving 9 editors, which yielded excellent results in term of usability, and report an evaluation of the new topic classifier used by STM, which outperforms previous versions in recall and F-measure.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Under Pressure: Learning to Detect Slip with Barometric Tactile Sensors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13460">arxiv:2103.13460</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Abhinav Grover, Christopher Grebe, Philippe Nadeau, Jonathan Kelly</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the utility of tactile information, tactile sensors have yet to be widely deployed in industrial robotics settings. Part of the challenge lies in identifying slip and other key events from the tactile data stream. In this paper, we present a learning-based method to detect slip using barometric tactile sensors. Although these sensors have a low resolution, they have many other desirable properties including high reliability and durability, a very slim profile, and a low cost. We are able to achieve slip detection accuracies of greater than 91% while being robust to the speed and direction of the slip motion. Further, we test our detector on two robot manipulation tasks involving common household objects and demonstrate successful generalization to real-world scenarios not seen during training. We show that barometric tactile sensing technology, combined with data-driven learning, is potentially suitable for complex manipulation tasks such as slip compensation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>US Fatal Police Shooting Analysis and Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.15298">arxiv:2106.15298</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yuan Wang, Yangxin Fan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We believe that "all men are created equal". With the rise of the police shootings reported by media, more people in the U.S. think that police use excessive force during law enforcement, especially to a specific group of people. We want to apply multidimensional statistical analysis to reveal more facts than the monotone mainstream media. Our paper has three parts. First, we proposed a new method to quantify fatal police shooting news reporting deviation of mainstream media, which includes CNN, FOX, ABC, and NBC. Second, we analyzed the most comprehensive US fatal police shooting dataset from Washington Post. We used FP-growth to reveal the frequent patterns and DBSCAN clustering to find fatal shooting hotspots. We brought multi-attributes (social economics, demographics, political tendency, education, gun ownership rate, police training hours, etc.) to reveal connections under the iceberg. We found that the police shooting rate of a state depends on many variables. The top four most relevant attributes were state joined year, state land area, gun ownership rate, and violent crime rate. Third, we proposed four regression models to predict police shooting rates at the state level. The best model Kstar could predict the fatal police shooting rate with about 88.53% correlation coefficient. We also proposed classification models, including Gradient Boosting Machine, Multi-class Classifier, Logistic Regression, and Naive Bayes Classifier, to predict the race of fatal police shooting victims. Our classification models show no significant evidence to conclude that racial discrimination happened during fatal police shootings recorded by the WP dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Matched sample selection with GANs for mitigating attribute confounding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13455">arxiv:2103.13455</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Chandan Singh, Guha Balakrishnan, Pietro Perona</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Measuring biases of vision systems with respect to protected attributes like gender and age is critical as these systems gain widespread use in society. However, significant correlations between attributes in benchmark datasets make it difficult to separate algorithmic bias from dataset bias. To mitigate such attribute confounding during bias analysis, we propose a matching approach that selects a subset of images from the full dataset with balanced attribute distributions across protected attributes. Our matching approach first projects real images onto a generative adversarial network (GAN)'s latent space in a manner that preserves semantic attributes. It then finds image matches in this latent space across a chosen protected attribute, yielding a dataset where semantic and perceptual attributes are balanced across the protected attribute. We validate projection and matching strategies with qualitative, quantitative, and human annotation experiments. We demonstrate our work in the context of gender bias in multiple open-source facial-recognition classifiers and find that bias persists after removing key confounders via matching. Code and documentation to reproduce the results here and apply the methods to new data is available at https://github.com/csinva/matching-with-gans .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TagMe: GPS-Assisted Automatic Object Annotation in Videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13428">arxiv:2103.13428</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Songtao He, Favyen Bastani, Mohammad Alizadeh, Hari Balakrishnan, Michael Cafarella, Tim Kraska, Sam Madden</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Training high-accuracy object detection models requires large and diverse annotated datasets. However, creating these data-sets is time-consuming and expensive since it relies on human annotators. We design, implement, and evaluate TagMe, a new approach for automatic object annotation in videos that uses GPS data. When the GPS trace of an object is available, TagMe matches the object's motion from GPS trace and the pixels' motions in the video to find the pixels belonging to the object in the video and creates the bounding box annotations of the object. TagMe works using passive data collection and can continuously generate new object annotations from outdoor video streams without any human annotators. We evaluate TagMe on a dataset of 100 video clips. We show TagMe can produce high-quality object annotations in a fully-automatic and low-cost way. Compared with the traditional human-in-the-loop solution, TagMe can produce the same amount of annotations at a much lower cost, e.g., up to 110x.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Information-based Disentangled Representation Learning for Unsupervised MR Harmonization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13283">arxiv:2103.13283</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lianrui Zuo, Blake E. Dewey, Aaron Carass, Yihao Liu, Yufan He, Peter A. Calabresi, Jerry L. Prince</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accuracy and consistency are two key factors in computer-assisted magnetic resonance (MR) image analysis. However, contrast variation from site to site caused by lack of standardization in MR acquisition impedes consistent measurements. In recent years, image harmonization approaches have been proposed to compensate for contrast variation in MR images. Current harmonization approaches either require cross-site traveling subjects for supervised training or heavily rely on site-specific harmonization models to encourage harmonization accuracy. These requirements potentially limit the application of current harmonization methods in large-scale multi-site studies. In this work, we propose an unsupervised MR harmonization framework, CALAMITI (Contrast Anatomy Learning and Analysis for MR Intensity Translation and Integration), based on information bottleneck theory. CALAMITI learns a disentangled latent space using a unified structure for multi-site harmonization without the need for traveling subjects. Our model is also able to adapt itself to harmonize MR images from a new site with fine tuning solely on images from the new site. Both qualitative and quantitative results show that the proposed method achieves superior performance compared with other unsupervised harmonization approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Greedy-Based Feature Selection for Efficient LiDAR SLAM</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13090">arxiv:2103.13090</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Jianhao Jiao, Yilong Zhu, Haoyang Ye, Huaiyang Huang, Peng Yun, Linxin Jiang, Lujia Wang, Ming Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern LiDAR-SLAM (L-SLAM) systems have shown excellent results in large-scale, real-world scenarios. However, they commonly have a high latency due to the expensive data association and nonlinear optimization. This paper demonstrates that actively selecting a subset of features significantly improves both the accuracy and efficiency of an L-SLAM system. We formulate the feature selection as a combinatorial optimization problem under a cardinality constraint to preserve the information matrix's spectral attributes. The stochastic-greedy algorithm is applied to approximate the optimal results in real-time. To avoid ill-conditioned estimation, we also propose a general strategy to evaluate the environment's degeneracy and modify the feature number online. The proposed feature selector is integrated into a multi-LiDAR SLAM system. We validate this enhanced system with extensive experiments covering various scenarios on two sensor setups and computation platforms. We show that our approach exhibits low localization error and speedup compared to the state-of-the-art L-SLAM systems. To benefit the community, we have released the source code: https://ram-lab.com/file/site/m-loam.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Multi-parameter Persistence Framework for Mathematical Morphology</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13013">arxiv:2103.13013</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yu-Min Chung, Sarah Day, Chuan-Shen Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The field of mathematical morphology offers well-studied techniques for image processing. In this work, we view morphological operations through the lens of persistent homology, a tool at the heart of the field of topological data analysis. We demonstrate that morphological operations naturally form a multiparameter filtration and that persistent homology can then be used to extract information about both topology and geometry in the images as well as to automate methods for optimizing the study and rendering of structure in images. For illustration, we apply this framework to analyze noisy binary, grayscale, and color images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantum Mechanics and Machine Learning Synergies: Graph Attention Neural Networks to Predict Chemical Reactivity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.14536">arxiv:2103.14536</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mohammadamin Tavakoli, Aaron Mood, David Van Vranken, Pierre Baldi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is a lack of scalable quantitative measures of reactivity for functional groups in organic chemistry. Measuring reactivity experimentally is costly and time-consuming and does not scale to the astronomical size of chemical space. In previous quantum chemistry studies, we have introduced Methyl Cation Affinities (MCA*) and Methyl Anion Affinities (MAA*), using a solvation model, as quantitative measures of reactivity for organic functional groups over the broadest range. Although MCA* and MAA* offer good estimates of reactivity parameters, their calculation through Density Functional Theory (DFT) simulations is time-consuming. To circumvent this problem, we first use DFT to calculate MCA* and MAA* for more than 2,400 organic molecules thereby establishing a large dataset of chemical reactivity scores. We then design deep learning methods to predict the reactivity of molecular structures and train them using this curated dataset in combination with different representations of molecular structures. Using ten-fold cross-validation, we show that graph attention neural networks applied to informative input fingerprints produce the most accurate estimates of reactivity, achieving over 91% test accuracy for predicting the MCA* plus-minus 3.0 or MAA* plus-minus 3.0, over 50 orders of magnitude. Finally, we demonstrate the application of these reactivity scores to two tasks: (1) chemical reaction prediction; (2) combinatorial generation of reaction mechanisms. The curated dataset of MCA* and MAA* scores is available through the ChemDB chemoinformatics web portal at www.cdb.ics.uci.edu.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploiting Class Similarity for Machine Learning with Confidence Labels and Projective Loss Functions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13607">arxiv:2103.13607</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Gautam Rajendrakumar Gare, John Michael Galeotti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Class labels used for machine learning are relatable to each other, with certain class labels being more similar to each other than others (e.g. images of cats and dogs are more similar to each other than those of cats and cars). Such similarity among classes is often the cause of poor model performance due to the models confusing between them. Current labeling techniques fail to explicitly capture such similarity information. In this paper, we instead exploit the similarity between classes by capturing the similarity information with our novel confidence labels. Confidence labels are probabilistic labels denoting the likelihood of similarity, or confusability, between the classes. Often even after models are trained to differentiate between classes in the feature space, the similar classes' latent space still remains clustered. We view this type of clustering as valuable information and exploit it with our novel projective loss functions. Our projective loss functions are designed to work with confidence labels with an ability to relax the loss penalty for errors that confuse similar classes. We use our approach to train neural networks with noisy labels, as we believe noisy labels are partly a result of confusability arising from class similarity. We show improved performance compared to the use of standard loss functions. We conduct a detailed analysis using the CIFAR-10 dataset and show our proposed methods' applicability to larger datasets, such as ImageNet and Food-101N.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EfficientTDNN: Efficient Architecture Search for Speaker Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13581">arxiv:2103.13581</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Rui Wang, Zhihua Wei, Haoran Duan, Shouling Ji, Yang Long, Zhen Hong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional neural networks (CNNs), such as the time-delay neural network (TDNN), have shown their remarkable capability in learning speaker embedding. However, they meanwhile bring a huge computational cost in storage size, processing, and memory. Discovering the specialized CNN that meets a specific constraint requires a substantial effort of human experts. Compared with hand-designed approaches, neural architecture search (NAS) appears as a practical technique in automating the manual architecture design process and has attracted increasing interest in spoken language processing tasks such as speaker recognition. In this paper, we propose EfficientTDNN, an efficient architecture search framework consisting of a TDNN-based supernet and a TDNN-NAS algorithm. The proposed supernet introduces temporal convolution of different ranges of the receptive field and feature aggregation of various resolutions from different layers to TDNN. On top of it, the TDNN-NAS algorithm quickly searches for the desired TDNN architecture via weight-sharing subnets, which surprisingly reduces computation while handling the vast number of devices with various resources requirements. Experimental results on the VoxCeleb dataset show the proposed EfficientTDNN enables approximate $10^{13}$ architectures concerning depth, kernel, and width. Considering different computation constraints, it achieves a 2.20% equal error rate (EER) with 204M multiply-accumulate operations (MACs), 1.41% EER with 571M MACs as well as 0.94% EER with 1.45G MACs. Comprehensive investigations suggest that the trained supernet generalizes subnets not sampled during training and obtains a favorable trade-off between accuracy and efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rethinking Self-Supervised Learning: Small is Beautiful</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13559">arxiv:2103.13559</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yun-Hao Cao, Jianxin Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-supervised learning (SSL), in particular contrastive learning, has made great progress in recent years. However, a common theme in these methods is that they inherit the learning paradigm from the supervised deep learning scenario. Current SSL methods are often pretrained for many epochs on large-scale datasets using high resolution images, which brings heavy computational cost and lacks flexibility. In this paper, we demonstrate that the learning paradigm for SSL should be different from supervised learning and the information encoded by the contrastive loss is expected to be much less than that encoded in the labels in supervised learning via the cross entropy loss. Hence, we propose scaled-down self-supervised learning (S3L), which include 3 parts: small resolution, small architecture and small data. On a diverse set of datasets, SSL methods and backbone architectures, S3L achieves higher accuracy consistently with much less training cost when compared to previous SSL learning paradigm. Furthermore, we show that even without a large pretraining dataset, S3L can achieve impressive results on small data alone. Our code has been made publically available at https://github.com/CupidJay/Scaled-down-self-supervised-learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Projection: A Mechanism for Human-like Reasoning in Artificial Intelligence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13512">arxiv:2103.13512</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Frank Guerin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial Intelligence systems cannot yet match human abilities to apply knowledge to situations that vary from what they have been programmed for, or trained for. In visual object recognition methods of inference exploiting top-down information (from a model) have been shown to be effective for recognising entities in difficult conditions. Here this type of inference, called `projection', is shown to be a key mechanism to solve the problem of applying knowledge to varied or challenging situations, across a range of AI domains, such as vision, robotics, or language. Finally the relevance of projection to tackling the commonsense knowledge problem is discussed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Machine Learning-based Automatic Graphene Detection with Color Correction for Optical Microscope Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13495">arxiv:2103.13495</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hui-Ying Siao, Siyu Qi, Zhi Ding, Chia-Yu Lin, Yu-Chiang Hsieh, Tse-Ming Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graphene serves critical application and research purposes in various fields. However, fabricating high-quality and large quantities of graphene is time-consuming and it requires heavy human resource labor costs. In this paper, we propose a Machine Learning-based Automatic Graphene Detection Method with Color Correction (MLA-GDCC), a reliable and autonomous graphene detection from microscopic images. The MLA-GDCC includes a white balance (WB) to correct the color imbalance on the images, a modified U-Net and a support vector machine (SVM) to segment the graphene flakes. Considering the color shifts of the images caused by different cameras, we apply WB correction to correct the imbalance of the color pixels. A modified U-Net model, a convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture for fast and precise image segmentation, is introduced to segment the graphene flakes from the background. In order to improve the pixel-level accuracy, we implement a SVM after the modified U-Net model to separate the monolayer and bilayer graphene flakes. The MLA-GDCC achieves flake-level detection rates of 87.09% for monolayer and 90.41% for bilayer graphene, and the pixel-level accuracy of 99.27% for monolayer and 98.92% for bilayer graphene. MLA-GDCC not only achieves high detection rates of the graphene flakes but also speeds up the latency for the graphene detection process from hours to seconds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Generate Code Comments from Class Hierarchies</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13426">arxiv:2103.13426</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jiyang Zhang, Sheena Panthaplackel, Pengyu Nie, Raymond J. Mooney, Junyi Jessy Li, Milos Gligoric</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Descriptive code comments are essential for supporting code comprehension and maintenance. We propose the task of automatically generating comments for overriding methods. We formulate a novel framework which accommodates the unique contextual and linguistic reasoning that is required for performing this task. Our approach features: (1) incorporating context from the class hierarchy; (2) conditioning on learned, latent representations of specificity to generate comments that capture the more specialized behavior of the overriding method; and (3) unlikelihood training to discourage predictions which do not conform to invariant characteristics of the comment corresponding to the overridden method. Our experiments show that the proposed approach is able to generate comments for overriding methods of higher quality compared to prevailing comment generation techniques.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automated Mapping of Vulnerability Advisories onto their Fix Commits in Open Source Repositories</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13375">arxiv:2103.13375</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Daan Hommersom, Antonino Sabetta, Bonaventura Coppola, Damian A. Tamburri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The lack of comprehensive sources of accurate vulnerability data represents a critical obstacle to studying and understanding software vulnerabilities (and their corrections). In this paper, we present an approach that combines heuristics stemming from practical experience and machine-learning (ML) - specifically, natural language processing (NLP) - to address this problem. Our method consists of three phases. First, an advisory record containing key information about a vulnerability is extracted from an advisory (expressed in natural language). Second, using heuristics, a subset of candidate fix commits is obtained from the source code repository of the affected project by filtering out commits that are known to be irrelevant for the task at hand. Finally, for each such candidate commit, our method builds a numerical feature vector reflecting the characteristics of the commit that are relevant to predicting its match with the advisory at hand. The feature vectors are then exploited for building a final ranked list of candidate fixing commits. The score attributed by the ML model to each feature is kept visible to the users, allowing them to interpret of the predictions.
  We evaluated our approach using a prototype implementation named Prospector on a manually curated data set that comprises 2,391 known fix commits corresponding to 1,248 public vulnerability advisories. When considering the top-10 commits in the ranked results, our implementation could successfully identify at least one fix commit for up to 84.03% of the vulnerabilities (with a fix commit on the first position for 65.06% of the vulnerabilities). In conclusion, our method reduces considerably the effort needed to search OSS repositories for the commits that fix known vulnerabilities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Sequential Bayesian Optimization with Pairwise Comparison</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13192">arxiv:2103.13192</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tanya Ignatenko, Kirill Kondrashov, Marco Cox, Bert de Vries</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we study the problem of user preference learning on the example of parameter setting for a hearing aid (HA). We propose to use an agent that interacts with a HA user, in order to collect the most informative data, and learns user preferences for HA parameter settings, based on these data. We model the HA system as two interacting sub-systems, one representing a user with his/her preferences and another one representing an agent. In this system, the user responses to HA settings, proposed by the agent. In our user model, the responses are driven by a parametric user preference function. The agent comprises the sequential mechanisms for user model inference and HA parameter proposal generation. To infer the user model (preference function), Bayesian approximate inference is used in the agent. Here we propose the normalized weighted Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence between true and agent-assigned predictive user response distributions as a metric to assess the quality of learned preferences. Moreover, our agent strategy for generating HA parameter proposals is to generate HA settings, responses to which help resolving uncertainty associated with prediction of the user responses the most. The resulting data, consequently, allows for efficient user model learning. The normalized weighted KL-divergence plays an important role here as well, since it characterizes the informativeness of the data to be used for probing the user. The efficiency of our approach is validated by numerical simulations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Black-box Detection of Backdoor Attacks with Limited Information and Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13127">arxiv:2103.13127</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yinpeng Dong, Xiao Yang, Zhijie Deng, Tianyu Pang, Zihao Xiao, Hang Su, Jun Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although deep neural networks (DNNs) have made rapid progress in recent years, they are vulnerable in adversarial environments. A malicious backdoor could be embedded in a model by poisoning the training dataset, whose intention is to make the infected model give wrong predictions during inference when the specific trigger appears. To mitigate the potential threats of backdoor attacks, various backdoor detection and defense methods have been proposed. However, the existing techniques usually require the poisoned training data or access to the white-box model, which is commonly unavailable in practice. In this paper, we propose a black-box backdoor detection (B3D) method to identify backdoor attacks with only query access to the model. We introduce a gradient-free optimization algorithm to reverse-engineer the potential trigger for each class, which helps to reveal the existence of backdoor attacks. In addition to backdoor detection, we also propose a simple strategy for reliable predictions using the identified backdoored models. Extensive experiments on hundreds of DNN models trained on several datasets corroborate the effectiveness of our method under the black-box setting against various backdoor attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Test-Time Training for Deformable Multi-Scale Image Registration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13578">arxiv:2103.13578</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Wentao Zhu, Yufang Huang, Daguang Xu, Zhen Qian, Wei Fan, Xiaohui Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Registration is a fundamental task in medical robotics and is often a crucial step for many downstream tasks such as motion analysis, intra-operative tracking and image segmentation. Popular registration methods such as ANTs and NiftyReg optimize objective functions for each pair of images from scratch, which are time-consuming for 3D and sequential images with complex deformations. Recently, deep learning-based registration approaches such as VoxelMorph have been emerging and achieve competitive performance. In this work, we construct a test-time training for deep deformable image registration to improve the generalization ability of conventional learning-based registration model. We design multi-scale deep networks to consecutively model the residual deformations, which is effective for high variational deformations. Extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of multi-scale deep registration with test-time training based on Dice coefficient for image segmentation and mean square error (MSE), normalized local cross-correlation (NLCC) for tissue dense tracking tasks. Two videos are in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvLrCaqCiAE and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEA6ZmtTNuQ

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Approximating Instance-Dependent Noise via Instance-Confidence Embedding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13569">arxiv:2103.13569</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yivan Zhang, Masashi Sugiyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Label noise in multiclass classification is a major obstacle to the deployment of learning systems. However, unlike the widely used class-conditional noise (CCN) assumption that the noisy label is independent of the input feature given the true label, label noise in real-world datasets can be aleatory and heavily dependent on individual instances. In this work, we investigate the instance-dependent noise (IDN) model and propose an efficient approximation of IDN to capture the instance-specific label corruption. Concretely, noting the fact that most columns of the IDN transition matrix have only limited influence on the class-posterior estimation, we propose a variational approximation that uses a single-scalar confidence parameter. To cope with the situation where the mapping from the instance to its confidence value could vary significantly for two adjacent instances, we suggest using instance embedding that assigns a trainable parameter to each instance. The resulting instance-confidence embedding (ICE) method not only performs well under label noise but also can effectively detect ambiguous or mislabeled instances. We validate its utility on various image and text classification tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deepfake Forensics via An Adversarial Game</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13567">arxiv:2103.13567</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhi Wang, Yiwen Guo, Wangmeng Zuo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the progress in AI-based facial forgery (i.e., deepfake), people are increasingly concerned about its abuse. Albeit effort has been made for training classification (also known as deepfake detection) models to recognize such forgeries, existing models suffer from poor generalization to unseen forgery technologies and high sensitivity to changes in image/video quality. In this paper, we advocate adversarial training for improving the generalization ability to both unseen facial forgeries and unseen image/video qualities. We believe training with samples that are adversarially crafted to attack the classification models improves the generalization ability considerably. Considering that AI-based face manipulation often leads to high-frequency artifacts that can be easily spotted by models yet difficult to generalize, we further propose a new adversarial training method that attempts to blur out these specific artifacts, by introducing pixel-wise Gaussian blurring models. With adversarial training, the classification models are forced to learn more discriminative and generalizable features, and the effectiveness of our method can be verified by plenty of empirical evidence. Our code will be made publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Jointly Modeling Heterogeneous Student Behaviors and Interactions Among Multiple Prediction Tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13565">arxiv:2103.13565</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Haobing Liu, Yanmin Zhu, Tianzi Zang, Yanan Xu, Jiadi Yu, Feilong Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prediction tasks about students have practical significance for both student and college. Making multiple predictions about students is an important part of a smart campus. For instance, predicting whether a student will fail to graduate can alert the student affairs office to take predictive measures to help the student improve his/her academic performance. With the development of information technology in colleges, we can collect digital footprints which encode heterogeneous behaviors continuously. In this paper, we focus on modeling heterogeneous behaviors and making multiple predictions together, since some prediction tasks are related and learning the model for a specific task may have the data sparsity problem. To this end, we propose a variant of LSTM and a soft-attention mechanism. The proposed LSTM is able to learn the student profile-aware representation from heterogeneous behavior sequences. The proposed soft-attention mechanism can dynamically learn different importance degrees of different days for every student. In this way, heterogeneous behaviors can be well modeled. In order to model interactions among multiple prediction tasks, we propose a co-attention mechanism based unit. With the help of the stacked units, we can explicitly control the knowledge transfer among multiple tasks. We design three motivating behavior prediction tasks based on a real-world dataset collected from a college. Qualitative and quantitative experiments on the three prediction tasks have demonstrated the effectiveness of our model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evidential fully convolutional network for semantic segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13544">arxiv:2103.13544</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zheng Tong, Philippe Xu, Thierry Denux</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a hybrid architecture composed of a fully convolutional network (FCN) and a Dempster-Shafer layer for image semantic segmentation. In the so-called evidential FCN (E-FCN), an encoder-decoder architecture first extracts pixel-wise feature maps from an input image. A Dempster-Shafer layer then computes mass functions at each pixel location based on distances to prototypes. Finally, a utility layer performs semantic segmentation from mass functions and allows for imprecise classification of ambiguous pixels and outliers. We propose an end-to-end learning strategy for jointly updating the network parameters, which can make use of soft (imprecise) labels. Experiments using three databases (Pascal VOC 2011, MIT-scene Parsing and SIFT Flow) show that the proposed combination improves the accuracy and calibration of semantic segmentation by assigning confusing pixels to multi-class sets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Framework for 3D Tracking of Frontal Dynamic Objects in Autonomous Cars</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13430">arxiv:2103.13430</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Faraz Lotfi, Hamid D. Taghirad</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Both recognition and 3D tracking of frontal dynamic objects are crucial problems in an autonomous vehicle, while depth estimation as an essential issue becomes a challenging problem using a monocular camera. Since both camera and objects are moving, the issue can be formed as a structure from motion (SFM) problem. In this paper, to elicit features from an image, the YOLOv3 approach is utilized beside an OpenCV tracker. Subsequently, to obtain the lateral and longitudinal distances, a nonlinear SFM model is considered alongside a state-dependent Riccati equation (SDRE) filter and a newly developed observation model. Additionally, a switching method in the form of switching estimation error covariance is proposed to enhance the robust performance of the SDRE filter. The stability analysis of the presented filter is conducted on a class of discrete nonlinear systems. Furthermore, the ultimate bound of estimation error caused by model uncertainties is analytically obtained to investigate the switching significance. Simulations are reported to validate the performance of the switched SDRE filter. Finally, real-time experiments are performed through a multi-thread framework implemented on a Jetson TX2 board, while radar data is used for the evaluation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mixture Density Network Estimation of Continuous Variable Maximum Likelihood Using Discrete Training Samples</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13416">arxiv:2103.13416</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Charles Burton, Spencer Stubbs, Peter Onyisi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Mixture Density Networks (MDNs) can be used to generate probability density functions of model parameters $\boldsymbol$ given a set of observables $\mathbf{x}$. In some applications, training data are available only for discrete values of a continuous parameter $\boldsymbol$. In such situations a number of performance-limiting issues arise which can result in biased estimates. We demonstrate the usage of MDNs for parameter estimation, discuss the origins of the biases, and propose a corrective method for each issue.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Optimal Algorithms for Multi-Player Bandits without Collision Sensing Information</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13059">arxiv:2103.13059</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Wei Huang, Richard Combes, Cindy Trinh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel algorithm for multi-player multi-armed bandits without collision sensing information. Our algorithm circumvents two problems shared by all state-of-the-art algorithms: it does not need as an input a lower bound on the minimal expected reward of an arm, and its performance does not scale inversely proportionally to the minimal expected reward. We prove a theoretical regret upper bound to justify these claims. We complement our theoretical results with numerical experiments, showing that the proposed algorithm outperforms state-of-the-art in practice as well.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Light Field Reconstruction Using Convolutional Network on EPI and Extended Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13043">arxiv:2103.13043</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Gaochang Wu, Yebin Liu, Lu Fang, Qionghai Dai, Tianyou Chai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, a novel convolutional neural network (CNN)-based framework is developed for light field reconstruction from a sparse set of views. We indicate that the reconstruction can be efficiently modeled as angular restoration on an epipolar plane image (EPI). The main problem in direct reconstruction on the EPI involves an information asymmetry between the spatial and angular dimensions, where the detailed portion in the angular dimensions is damaged by undersampling. Directly upsampling or super-resolving the light field in the angular dimensions causes ghosting effects. To suppress these ghosting effects, we contribute a novel "blur-restoration-deblur" framework. First, the "blur" step is applied to extract the low-frequency components of the light field in the spatial dimensions by convolving each EPI slice with a selected blur kernel. Then, the "restoration" step is implemented by a CNN, which is trained to restore the angular details of the EPI. Finally, we use a non-blind "deblur" operation to recover the spatial high frequencies suppressed by the EPI blur. We evaluate our approach on several datasets, including synthetic scenes, real-world scenes and challenging microscope light field data. We demonstrate the high performance and robustness of the proposed framework compared with state-of-the-art algorithms. We further show extended applications, including depth enhancement and interpolation for unstructured input. More importantly, a novel rendering approach is presented by combining the proposed framework and depth information to handle large disparities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convex Online Video Frame Subset Selection using Multiple Criteria for Data Efficient Autonomous Driving</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13021">arxiv:2103.13021</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Soumi Das, Harikrishna Patibandla, Suparna Bhattacharya, Kshounis Bera, Niloy Ganguly, Sourangshu Bhattacharya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Training vision-based Urban Autonomous driving models is a challenging problem, which is highly researched in recent times. Training such models is a data-intensive task requiring the storage and processing of vast volumes of (possibly redundant) driving video data. In this paper, we study the problem of developing data-efficient autonomous driving systems. In this context, we study the problem of multi-criteria online video frame subset selection. We study convex optimization-based solutions and show that they are unable to provide solutions with high weightage to the loss of selected video frames. We design a novel convex optimization-based multi-criteria online subset selection algorithm that uses a thresholded concave function of selection variables. We also propose and study a submodular optimization-based algorithm. Extensive experiments using the driving simulator CARLA show that we are able to drop 80% of the frames while succeeding to complete 100% of the episodes w.r.t. the model trained on 100% data, in the most difficult task of taking turns. This results in a training time of less than 30% compared to training on the whole dataset. We also perform detailed experiments on prediction performances of various affordances used by the Conditional Affordance Learning (CAL) model and show that our subset selection improves performance on the crucial affordance "Relative Angle" during turns.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>deGraphCS: Embedding Variable-based Flow Graph for Neural Code Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13020">arxiv:2103.13020</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Chen Zeng, Yue Yu, Shanshan Li, Xin Xia, Zhiming Wang, Mingyang Geng, Bailin Xiao, Wei Dong, Xiangke Liao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the rapid increase in the amount of public code repositories, developers maintain a great desire to retrieve precise code snippets by using natural language. Despite existing deep learning based approaches(e.g., DeepCS and MMAN) have provided the end-to-end solutions (i.e., accepts natural language as queries and shows related code fragments retrieved directly from code corpus), the accuracy of code search in the large-scale repositories is still limited by the code representation (e.g., AST) and modeling (e.g., directly fusing the features in the attention stage). In this paper, we propose a novel learnable deep Graph for Code Search (calleddeGraphCS), to transfer source code into variable-based flow graphs based on the intermediate representation technique, which can model code semantics more precisely compared to process the code as text directly or use the syntactic tree representation. Furthermore, we propose a well-designed graph optimization mechanism to refine the code representation, and apply an improved gated graph neural network to model variable-based flow graphs. To evaluate the effectiveness of deGraphCS, we collect a large-scale dataset from GitHub containing 41,152 code snippets written in C language, and reproduce several typical deep code search methods for comparison. Besides, we design a qualitative user study to verify the practical value of our approach. The experimental results have shown that deGraphCS can achieve state-of-the-art performances, and accurately retrieve code snippets satisfying the needs of the users.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pyfectious: An individual-level simulator to discover optimal containment polices for epidemic diseases</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.15561">arxiv:2103.15561</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Arash Mehrjou, Ashkan Soleymani, Amin Abyaneh, Samir Bhatt, Bernhard Schlkopf, Stefan Bauer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Simulating the spread of infectious diseases in human communities is critical for predicting the trajectory of an epidemic and verifying various policies to control the devastating impacts of the outbreak. Many existing simulators are based on compartment models that divide people into a few subsets and simulate the dynamics among those subsets using hypothesized differential equations. However, these models lack the requisite granularity to study the effect of intelligent policies that influence every individual in a particular way. In this work, we introduce a simulator software capable of modeling a population structure and controlling the disease's propagation at an individualistic level. In order to estimate the confidence of the conclusions drawn from the simulator, we employ a comprehensive probabilistic approach where the entire population is constructed as a hierarchical random variable. This approach makes the inferred conclusions more robust against sampling artifacts and gives confidence bounds for decisions based on the simulation results. To showcase potential applications, the simulator parameters are set based on the formal statistics of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the outcome of a wide range of control measures is investigated. Furthermore, the simulator is used as the environment of a reinforcement learning problem to find the optimal policies to control the pandemic. The obtained experimental results indicate the simulator's adaptability and capacity in making sound predictions and a successful policy derivation example based on real-world data. As an exemplary application, our results show that the proposed policy discovery method can lead to control measures that produce significantly fewer infected individuals in the population and protect the health system against saturation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Novel Adaptive Minority Oversampling Technique for Improved Classification in Data Imbalanced Scenarios</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13823">arxiv:2103.13823</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ayush Tripathi, Rupayan Chakraborty, Sunil Kumar Kopparapu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Imbalance in the proportion of training samples belonging to different classes often poses performance degradation of conventional classifiers. This is primarily due to the tendency of the classifier to be biased towards the majority classes in the imbalanced dataset. In this paper, we propose a novel three step technique to address imbalanced data. As a first step we significantly oversample the minority class distribution by employing the traditional Synthetic Minority OverSampling Technique (SMOTE) algorithm using the neighborhood of the minority class samples and in the next step we partition the generated samples using a Gaussian-Mixture Model based clustering algorithm. In the final step synthetic data samples are chosen based on the weight associated with the cluster, the weight itself being determined by the distribution of the majority class samples. Extensive experiments on several standard datasets from diverse domains shows the usefulness of the proposed technique in comparison with the original SMOTE and its state-of-the-art variants algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting Directionality in Causal Relations in Text</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13606">arxiv:2103.13606</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Pedram Hosseini, David A. Broniatowski, Mona Diab</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we test the performance of two bidirectional transformer-based language models, BERT and SpanBERT, on predicting directionality in causal pairs in the textual content. Our preliminary results show that predicting direction for inter-sentence and implicit causal relations is more challenging. And, SpanBERT performs better than BERT on causal samples with longer span length. We also introduce CREST which is a framework for unifying a collection of scattered datasets of causal relations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Recent Advances in Large Margin Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13598">arxiv:2103.13598</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yiwen Guo, Changshui Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper serves as a survey of recent advances in large margin training and its theoretical foundations, mostly for (nonlinear) deep neural networks (DNNs) that are probably the most prominent machine learning models for large-scale data in the community over the past decade. We generalize the formulation of classification margins from classical research to latest DNNs, summarize theoretical connections between the margin, network generalization, and robustness, and introduce recent efforts in enlarging the margins for DNNs comprehensively. Since the viewpoint of different methods is discrepant, we categorize them into groups for ease of comparison and discussion in the paper. Hopefully, our discussions and overview inspire new research work in the community that aim to improve the performance of DNNs, and we also point to directions where the large margin principle can be verified to provide theoretical evidence why certain regularizations for DNNs function well in practice. We managed to shorten the paper such that the crucial spirit of large margin learning and related methods are better emphasized.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Task-Oriented Low-Dose CT Image Denoising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13557">arxiv:2103.13557</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiajin Zhang, Hanqing Chao, Xuanang Xu, Chuang Niu, Ge Wang, Pingkun Yan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The extensive use of medical CT has raised a public concern over the radiation dose to the patient. Reducing the radiation dose leads to increased CT image noise and artifacts, which can adversely affect not only the radiologists judgement but also the performance of downstream medical image analysis tasks. Various low-dose CT denoising methods, especially the recent deep learning based approaches, have produced impressive results. However, the existing denoising methods are all downstream-task-agnostic and neglect the diverse needs of the downstream applications. In this paper, we introduce a novel Task-Oriented Denoising Network (TOD-Net) with a task-oriented loss leveraging knowledge from the downstream tasks. Comprehensive empirical analysis shows that the task-oriented loss complements other task agnostic losses by steering the denoiser to enhance the image quality in the task related regions of interest. Such enhancement in turn brings general boosts on the performance of various methods for the downstream task. The presented work may shed light on the future development of context-aware image denoising methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prediction in the presence of response-dependent missing labels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13555">arxiv:2103.13555</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hyebin Song, Garvesh Raskutti, Rebecca Willett</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In a variety of settings, limitations of sensing technologies or other sampling mechanisms result in missing labels, where the likelihood of a missing label in the training set is an unknown function of the data. For example, satellites used to detect forest fires cannot sense fires below a certain size threshold. In such cases, training datasets consist of positive and pseudo-negative observations where pseudo-negative observations can be either true negatives or undetected positives with small magnitudes. We develop a new methodology and non-convex algorithm P(ositive) U(nlabeled) - O(ccurrence) M(agnitude) M(ixture) which jointly estimates the occurrence and detection likelihood of positive samples, utilizing prior knowledge of the detection mechanism. Our approach uses ideas from positive-unlabeled (PU)-learning and zero-inflated models that jointly estimate the magnitude and occurrence of events. We provide conditions under which our model is identifiable and prove that even though our approach leads to a non-convex objective, any local minimizer has optimal statistical error (up to a log term) and projected gradient descent has geometric convergence rates. We demonstrate on both synthetic data and a California wildfire dataset that our method out-performs existing state-of-the-art approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An evidential classifier based on Dempster-Shafer theory and deep learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13549">arxiv:2103.13549</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zheng Tong, Philippe Xu, Thierry Denux</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new classifier based on Dempster-Shafer (DS) theory and a convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture for set-valued classification. In this classifier, called the evidential deep-learning classifier, convolutional and pooling layers first extract high-dimensional features from input data. The features are then converted into mass functions and aggregated by Dempster's rule in a DS layer. Finally, an expected utility layer performs set-valued classification based on mass functions. We propose an end-to-end learning strategy for jointly updating the network parameters. Additionally, an approach for selecting partial multi-class acts is proposed. Experiments on image recognition, signal processing, and semantic-relationship classification tasks demonstrate that the proposed combination of deep CNN, DS layer, and expected utility layer makes it possible to improve classification accuracy and to make cautious decisions by assigning confusing patterns to multi-class sets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Symmetry-Preserving Paths in Integrated Gradients</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13533">arxiv:2103.13533</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Miguel Lerma, Mirtha Lucas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We provide rigorous proofs that the Integrated Gradients (IG) attribution method for deep networks satisfies completeness and symmetry-preserving properties. We also study the uniqueness of IG as a path method preserving symmetry.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conditions and Assumptions for Constraint-based Causal Structure Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13521">arxiv:2103.13521</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kayvan Sadeghi, Terry Soo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper formalizes constraint-based structure learning of the "true" causal graph from observed data when unobserved variables are also existent. We provide conditions for a "natural" family of constraint-based structure-learning algorithms that output graphs that are Markov equivalent to the causal graph. Under the faithfulness assumption, this natural family contains all exact structure-learning algorithms. More importantly, we provide clear and testable assumptions, as an alternative to faithfulness, under which any natural structure-learning algorithm outputs Markov equivalent graphs to the causal graph. We provide these definitions and results for the general class of models under the assumption that the distribution is Markovian to the true causal graph, and we specialize the definitions and results for structural causal models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>3D Reasoning for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection in Pediatric WbMRI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13497">arxiv:2103.13497</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alex Chang, Vinith Suriyakumar, Abhishek Moturu, James Tu, Nipaporn Tewattanarat, Sayali Joshi, Andrea Doria, Anna Goldenberg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern deep unsupervised learning methods have shown great promise for detecting diseases across a variety of medical imaging modalities. While previous generative modeling approaches successfully perform anomaly detection by learning the distribution of healthy 2D image slices, they process such slices independently and ignore the fact that they are correlated, all being sampled from a 3D volume. We show that incorporating the 3D context and processing whole-body MRI volumes is beneficial to distinguishing anomalies from their benign counterparts. In our work, we introduce a multi-channel sliding window generative model to perform lesion detection in whole-body MRI (wbMRI). Our experiments demonstrate that our proposed method significantly outperforms processing individual images in isolation and our ablations clearly show the importance of 3D reasoning. Moreover, our work also shows that it is beneficial to include additional patient-specific features to further improve anomaly detection in pediatric scans.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Entropy Minimizing Matrix Factorization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13487">arxiv:2103.13487</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mulin Chen, Xuelong Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nonnegative Matrix Factorization (NMF) is a widely-used data analysis technique, and has yielded impressive results in many real-world tasks. Generally, existing NMF methods represent each sample with several centroids, and find the optimal centroids by minimizing the sum of the approximation errors. However, the outliers deviating from the normal data distribution may have large residues, and then dominate the objective value seriously. In this study, an Entropy Minimizing Matrix Factorization framework (EMMF) is developed to tackle the above problem. Considering that the outliers are usually much less than the normal samples, a new entropy loss function is established for matrix factorization, which minimizes the entropy of the residue distribution and allows a few samples to have large approximation errors. In this way, the outliers do not affect the approximation of the normal samples. The multiplicative updating rules for EMMF are also designed, and the convergence is proved both theoretically and experimentally. In addition, a Graph regularized version of EMMF (G-EMMF) is also presented to deal with the complex data structure. Clustering results on various synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate the reasonableness of the proposed models, and the effectiveness is also verified through the comparison with the state-of-the-arts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Asymptotic Freeness of Layerwise Jacobians Caused by Invariance of Multilayer Perceptron: The Haar Orthogonal Case</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13466">arxiv:2103.13466</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Benoit Collins, Tomohiro Hayase</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Free Probability Theory (FPT) provides rich knowledge for handling mathematical difficulties caused by random matrices that appear in research related to deep neural networks (DNNs), such as the dynamical isometry, Fisher information matrix, and training dynamics. FPT suits these researches because the DNN's parameter-Jacobian and input-Jacobian are polynomials of layerwise Jacobians. However, the critical assumption of asymptotic freenss of the layerwise Jacobian has not been proven completely so far. The asymptotic freeness assumption plays a fundamental role when propagating spectral distributions through the layers. Haar distributed orthogonal matrices are essential for achieving dynamical isometry. In this work, we prove asymptotic freeness of layerwise Jacobians of multilayer perceptron (MLP) in this case. A key of the proof is an invariance of the MLP. Considering the orthogonal matrices that fix the hidden units in each layer, we replace each layer's parameter matrix with itself multiplied by the orthogonal matrix, and then the MLP does not change. Furthermore, if the original weights are Haar orthogonal, the Jacobian is also unchanged by this replacement. Lastly, we can replace each weight with a Haar orthogonal random matrix independent of the Jacobian of the activation function using this key fact.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Blind Speech Separation and Dereverberation using Neural Beamforming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13443">arxiv:2103.13443</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lukas Pfeifenberger, Franz Pernkopf</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present the Blind Speech Separation and Dereverberation (BSSD) network, which performs simultaneous speaker separation, dereverberation and speaker identification in a single neural network. Speaker separation is guided by a set of predefined spatial cues. Dereverberation is performed by using neural beamforming, and speaker identification is aided by embedding vectors and triplet mining. We introduce a frequency-domain model which uses complex-valued neural networks, and a time-domain variant which performs beamforming in latent space. Further, we propose a block-online mode to process longer audio recordings, as they occur in meeting scenarios. We evaluate our system in terms of Scale Independent Signal to Distortion Ratio (SI-SDR), Word Error Rate (WER) and Equal Error Rate (EER).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Active Multitask Learning with Committees</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13420">arxiv:2103.13420</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jingxi Xu, Da Tang, Tony Jebara</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The cost of annotating training data has traditionally been a bottleneck for supervised learning approaches. The problem is further exacerbated when supervised learning is applied to a number of correlated tasks simultaneously since the amount of labels required scales with the number of tasks. To mitigate this concern, we propose an active multitask learning algorithm that achieves knowledge transfer between tasks. The approach forms a so-called committee for each task that jointly makes decisions and directly shares data across similar tasks. Our approach reduces the number of queries needed during training while maintaining high accuracy on test data. Empirical results on benchmark datasets show significant improvements on both accuracy and number of query requests.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bag of Tricks for Node Classification with Graph Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13355">arxiv:2103.13355</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yangkun Wang, Jiarui Jin, Weinan Zhang, Yong Yu, Zheng Zhang, David Wipf</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Over the past few years, graph neural networks (GNN) and label propagation-based methods have made significant progress in addressing node classification tasks on graphs. However, in addition to their reliance on elaborate architectures and algorithms, there are several key technical details that are frequently overlooked, and yet nonetheless can play a vital role in achieving satisfactory performance. In this paper, we first summarize a series of existing tricks-of-the-trade, and then propose several new ones related to label usage, loss function formulation, and model design that can significantly improve various GNN architectures. We empirically evaluate their impact on final node classification accuracy by conducting ablation studies and demonstrate consistently-improved performance, often to an extent that outweighs the gains from more dramatic changes in the underlying GNN architecture. Notably, many of the top-ranked models on the Open Graph Benchmark (OGB) leaderboard and KDDCUP 2021 Large-Scale Challenge MAG240M-LSC benefit from these techniques we initiated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Shapley Value of coalition of variables provides better explanations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13342">arxiv:2103.13342</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Salim I. Amoukou, Nicolas J-B. Brunel, Tangi Salan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While Shapley Values (SV) are one of the gold standard for interpreting machine learning models, we show that they are still poorly understood, in particular in the presence of categorical variables or of variables of low importance. For instance, we show that the popular practice that consists in summing the SV of dummy variables is false as it provides wrong estimates of all the SV in the model and implies spurious interpretations. Based on the identification of null and active coalitions, and a coalitional version of the SV, we provide a correct computation and inference of important variables. Moreover, a Python library (All the experiments and simulations can be reproduced with the publicly available library Active Coalition of Variables, https://www.github.com/salimamoukou/acv00) that computes reliably conditional expectations and SV for tree-based models, is implemented and compared with state-of-the-art algorithms on toy models and real data sets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Address Behaviour Vulnerabilities in the Next Generation of Autonomous Robots</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13268">arxiv:2103.13268</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Michele Colledanchise</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Robots applications in our daily life increase at an unprecedented pace. As robots will soon operate "out in the wild", we must identify the safety and security vulnerabilities they will face. Robotics researchers and manufacturers focus their attention on new, cheaper, and more reliable applications. Still, they often disregard the operability in adversarial environments where a trusted or untrusted user can jeopardize or even alter the robot's task.
  In this paper, we identify a new paradigm of security threats in the next generation of robots. These threats fall beyond the known hardware or network-based ones, and we must find new solutions to address them. These new threats include malicious use of the robot's privileged access, tampering with the robot sensors system, and tricking the robot's deliberation into harmful behaviors. We provide a taxonomy of attacks that exploit these vulnerabilities with realistic examples, and we outline effective countermeasures to prevent better, detect, and mitigate them.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CLAMGen: Closed-Loop Arm Motion Generation via Multi-view Vision-Based RL</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13267">arxiv:2103.13267</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Iretiayo Akinola, Zizhao Wang, Peter Allen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a vision-based reinforcement learning (RL) approach for closed-loop trajectory generation in an arm reaching problem. Arm trajectory generation is a fundamental robotics problem which entails finding collision-free paths to move the robot's body (e.g. arm) in order to satisfy a goal (e.g. place end-effector at a point).
  While classical methods typically require the model of the environment to solve a planning, search or optimization problem, learning-based approaches hold the promise of directly mapping from observations to robot actions.
  However, learning a collision-avoidance policy using RL remains a challenge for various reasons, including, but not limited to, partial observability, poor exploration, low sample efficiency, and learning instabilities.
  To address these challenges, we present a residual-RL method that leverages a greedy goal-reaching RL policy as the base to improve exploration, and the base policy is augmented with residual state-action values and residual actions learned from images to avoid obstacles. Further more, we introduce novel learning objectives and techniques to improve 3D understanding from multiple image views and sample efficiency of our algorithm.
  Compared to RL baselines, our method achieves superior performance in terms of success rate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Behavior coordination for self-adaptive robots using constraint-based configuration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13128">arxiv:2103.13128</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Martin Molina, Pablo Santamaria</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autonomous robots may be able to adapt their behavior in response to changes in the environment. This is useful, for example, to efficiently handle limited resources or to respond appropriately to unexpected events such as faults. The architecture of a self-adaptive robot is complex because it should include automatic mechanisms to dynamically configure the elements that control robot behaviors. To facilitate the construction of this type of architectures, it is useful to have general solutions in the form of software tools that may be applicable to different robotic systems. This paper presents an original algorithm to dynamically configure the control architecture, which is applicable to the development of self-adaptive autonomous robots. This algorithm uses a constraint-based configuration approach to decide which basic robot behaviors should be activated in response to both reactive and deliberative events. The algorithm uses specific search heuristics and initialization procedures to achieve the performance required by robotic systems. The solution has been implemented as a software development tool called Behavior Coordinator CBC (Constraint-Based Configuration), which is based on ROS and open source, available to the general public. This tool has been successfully used for building multiple applications of autonomous aerial robots.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>W2WNet: a two-module probabilistic Convolutional Neural Network with embedded data cleansing functionality</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13107">arxiv:2103.13107</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Francesco Ponzio, Enrico Macii, Elisa Ficarra, Santa Di Cataldo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are supposed to be fed with only high-quality annotated datasets. Nonetheless, in many real-world scenarios, such high quality is very hard to obtain, and datasets may be affected by any sort of image degradation and mislabelling issues. This negatively impacts the performance of standard CNNs, both during the training and the inference phase. To address this issue we propose Wise2WipedNet (W2WNet), a new two-module Convolutional Neural Network, where a Wise module exploits Bayesian inference to identify and discard spurious images during the training, and a Wiped module takes care of the final classification while broadcasting information on the prediction confidence at inference time. The goodness of our solution is demonstrated on a number of public benchmarks addressing different image classification tasks, as well as on a real-world case study on histological image analysis. Overall, our experiments demonstrate that W2WNet is able to identify image degradation and mislabelling issues both at training and at inference time, with a positive impact on the final classification accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Shift-and-Balance Attention</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13080">arxiv:2103.13080</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chunjie Luo, Jianfeng Zhan, Tianshu Hao, Lei Wang, Wanling Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Attention is an effective mechanism to improve the deep model capability. Squeeze-and-Excite (SE) introduces a light-weight attention branch to enhance the network's representational power. The attention branch is gated using the Sigmoid function and multiplied by the feature map's trunk branch. It is too sensitive to coordinate and balance the trunk and attention branches' contributions. To control the attention branch's influence, we propose a new attention method, called Shift-and-Balance (SB). Different from Squeeze-and-Excite, the attention branch is regulated by the learned control factor to control the balance, then added into the feature map's trunk branch. Experiments show that Shift-and-Balance attention significantly improves the accuracy compared to Squeeze-and-Excite when applied in more layers, increasing more size and capacity of a network. Moreover, Shift-and-Balance attention achieves better or close accuracy compared to the state-of-art Dynamic Convolution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Gradient Convergence Bound of Federated Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning with Efficient Communication</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13026">arxiv:2103.13026</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xing Xu, Rongpeng Li, Zhifeng Zhao, Honggang Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The paper considers a distributed version of deep reinforcement learning (DRL) for multi-agent decision-making process in the paradigm of federated learning. Since the deep neural network models in federated learning are trained locally and aggregated iteratively through a central server, frequent information exchange incurs a large amount of communication overheads. Besides, due to the heterogeneity of agents, Markov state transition trajectories from different agents are usually unsynchronized within the same time interval, which will further influence the convergence bound of the aggregated deep neural network models. Therefore, it is of vital importance to reasonably evaluate the effectiveness of different optimization methods. Accordingly, this paper proposes a utility function to consider the balance between reducing communication overheads and improving convergence performance. Meanwhile, this paper develops two new optimization methods on top of variation-aware periodic averaging methods: 1) the decay-based method which gradually decreases the weight of the model's local gradients within the progress of local updating, and 2) the consensus-based method which introduces the consensus algorithm into federated learning for the exchange of the model's local gradients. This paper also provides novel convergence guarantees for both developed methods and demonstrates their effectiveness and efficiency through theoretical analysis and numerical simulation results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discriminator Augmented Model-Based Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.12999">arxiv:2103.12999</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Behzad Haghgoo, Allan Zhou, Archit Sharma, Chelsea Finn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** By planning through a learned dynamics model, model-based reinforcement learning (MBRL) offers the prospect of good performance with little environment interaction. However, it is common in practice for the learned model to be inaccurate, impairing planning and leading to poor performance. This paper aims to improve planning with an importance sampling framework that accounts and corrects for discrepancy between the true and learned dynamics. This framework also motivates an alternative objective for fitting the dynamics model: to minimize the variance of value estimation during planning. We derive and implement this objective, which encourages better prediction on trajectories with larger returns. We observe empirically that our approach improves the performance of current MBRL algorithms on two stochastic control problems, and provide a theoretical basis for our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Including Sparse Production Knowledge into Variational Autoencoders to Increase Anomaly Detection Reliability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.12998">arxiv:2103.12998</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tom Hammerbacher, Markus Lange-Hegermann, Gorden Platz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Digitalization leads to data transparency for production systems that we can benefit from with data-driven analysis methods like neural networks. For example, automated anomaly detection enables saving resources and optimizing the production. We study using rarely occurring information about labeled anomalies into Variational Autoencoder neural network structures to overcome information deficits of supervised and unsupervised approaches. This method outperforms all other models in terms of accuracy, precision, and recall. We evaluate the following methods: Principal Component Analysis, Isolation Forest, Classifying Neural Networks, and Variational Autoencoders on seven time series datasets to find the best performing detection methods. We extend this idea to include more infrequently occurring meta information about production processes. This use of sparse labels, both of anomalies or production data, allows to harness any additional information available for increasing anomaly detection performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Realistic Differentially-Private Transmission Power Flow Data Release</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.14036">arxiv:2103.14036</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>David Smith, Frederik Geth, Elliott Vercoe, Andrew Feutrill, Ming Ding, Jonathan Chan, James Foster, Thierry Rakotoarivelo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For the modeling, design and planning of future energy transmission networks, it is vital for stakeholders to access faithful and useful power flow data, while provably maintaining the privacy of business confidentiality of service providers. This critical challenge has recently been somewhat addressed in [1]. This paper significantly extends this existing work. First, we reduce the potential leakage information by proposing a fundamentally different post-processing method, using public information of grid losses rather than power dispatch, which achieve a higher level of privacy protection. Second, we protect more sensitive parameters, i.e., branch shunt susceptance in addition to series impedance (complete pi-model). This protects power flow data for the transmission high-voltage networks, using differentially private transformations that maintain the optimal power flow consistent with, and faithful to, expected model behaviour. Third, we tested our approach at a larger scale than previous work, using the PGLib-OPF test cases [10]. This resulted in the successful obfuscation of up to a 4700-bus system, which can be successfully solved with faithfulness of parameters and good utility to data analysts. Our approach addresses a more feasible and realistic scenario, and provides higher than state-of-the-art privacy guarantees, while maintaining solvability, fidelity and feasibility of the system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Empirical Analysis of Image-Based Learning Techniques for Malware Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13827">arxiv:2103.13827</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pratikkumar Prajapati, Mark Stamp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we consider malware classification using deep learning techniques and image-based features. We employ a wide variety of deep learning techniques, including multilayer perceptrons (MLP), convolutional neural networks (CNN), long short-term memory (LSTM), and gated recurrent units (GRU). Amongst our CNN experiments, transfer learning plays a prominent role specifically, we test the VGG-19 and ResNet152 models. As compared to previous work, the results presented in this paper are based on a larger and more diverse malware dataset, we consider a wider array of features, and we experiment with a much greater variety of learning techniques. Consequently, our results are the most comprehensive and complete that have yet been published.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Artificial Intelligence in Tumor Subregion Analysis Based on Medical Imaging: A Review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13588">arxiv:2103.13588</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mingquan Lin, Jacob Wynne, Yang Lei, Tonghe Wang, Walter J. Curran, Tian Liu, Xiaofeng Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Medical imaging is widely used in cancer diagnosis and treatment, and artificial intelligence (AI) has achieved tremendous success in various tasks of medical image analysis. This paper reviews AI-based tumor subregion analysis in medical imaging. We summarize the latest AI-based methods for tumor subregion analysis and their applications. Specifically, we categorize the AI-based methods by training strategy: supervised and unsupervised. A detailed review of each category is presented, highlighting important contributions and achievements. Specific challenges and potential AI applications in tumor subregion analysis are discussed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Convexity of Discrete Time Covariance Steering in Stochastic Linear Systems with Wasserstein Terminal Cost</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13579">arxiv:2103.13579</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Isin M. Balci, Abhishek Halder, Efstathios Bakolas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we analyze the properties of the solution to the covariance steering problem for discrete time Gaussian linear systems with a squared Wasserstein distance terminal cost. In our previous work, we have shown that by utilizing the state feedback control policy parametrization, this stochastic optimal control problem can be associated with a difference of convex functions program. Here, we revisit the same covariance control problem but this time we focus on the analysis of the problem. Specifically, we establish the existence of solutions to the optimization problem and derive the first and second order conditions for optimality. We provide analytic expressions for the gradient and the Hessian of the performance index by utilizing specialized tools from matrix calculus. Subsequently, we prove that the optimization problem always admits a global minimizer, and finally, we provide a sufficient condition for the performance index to be a strictly convex function (under the latter condition, the problem admits a unique global minimizer). In particular, we show that when the terminal state covariance is upper bounded, with respect to the Lwner partial order, by the covariance matrix of the desired terminal normal distribution, then our problem admits a unique global minimizing state feedback gain. The results of this paper set the stage for the development of specialized control design tools that exploit the structure of the solution to the covariance steering problem with a squared Wasserstein distance terminal cost.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analysis of Truncated Orthogonal Iteration for Sparse Eigenvector Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13523">arxiv:2103.13523</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hexuan Liu, Aleksandr Aravkin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A wide range of problems in computational science and engineering require estimation of sparse eigenvectors for high dimensional systems. Here, we propose two variants of the Truncated Orthogonal Iteration to compute multiple leading eigenvectors with sparsity constraints simultaneously. We establish numerical convergence results for the proposed algorithms using a perturbation framework, and extend our analysis to other existing alternatives for sparse eigenvector estimation. We then apply our algorithms to solve the sparse principle component analysis problem for a wide range of test datasets, from simple simulations to real-world datasets including MNIST, sea surface temperature and 20 newsgroups. In all these cases, we show that the new methods get state of the art results quickly and with minimal parameter tuning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Feature Weighted Non-negative Matrix Factorization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13491">arxiv:2103.13491</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mulin Chen, Maoguo Gong, Xuelong Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Non-negative Matrix Factorization (NMF) is one of the most popular techniques for data representation and clustering, and has been widely used in machine learning and data analysis. NMF concentrates the features of each sample into a vector, and approximates it by the linear combination of basis vectors, such that the low-dimensional representations are achieved. However, in real-world applications, the features are usually with different importances. To exploit the discriminative features, some methods project the samples into the subspace with a transformation matrix, which disturbs the original feature attributes and neglects the diversity of samples. To alleviate the above problems, we propose the Feature weighted Non-negative Matrix Factorization (FNMF) in this paper. The salient properties of FNMF can be summarized as threefold: 1) it learns the weights of features adaptively according to their importances; 2) it utilizes multiple feature weighting components to preserve the diversity; 3) it can be solved efficiently with the suggested optimization algorithm. Performance on synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed method obtains the state-of-the-art performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semi-Supervised Learning for Bone Mineral Density Estimation in Hip X-ray Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13482">arxiv:2103.13482</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Kang Zheng, Yirui Wang, Xiaoyun Zhou, Fakai Wang, Le Lu, Chihung Lin, Lingyun Huang, Guotong Xie, Jing Xiao, Chang-Fu Kuo, Shun Miao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bone mineral density (BMD) is a clinically critical indicator of osteoporosis, usually measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Due to the limited accessibility of DEXA machines and examinations, osteoporosis is often under-diagnosed and under-treated, leading to increased fragility fracture risks. Thus it is highly desirable to obtain BMDs with alternative cost-effective and more accessible medical imaging examinations such as X-ray plain films. In this work, we formulate the BMD estimation from plain hip X-ray images as a regression problem. Specifically, we propose a new semi-supervised self-training algorithm to train the BMD regression model using images coupled with DEXA measured BMDs and unlabeled images with pseudo BMDs. Pseudo BMDs are generated and refined iteratively for unlabeled images during self-training. We also present a novel adaptive triplet loss to improve the model's regression accuracy. On an in-house dataset of 1,090 images (819 unique patients), our BMD estimation method achieves a high Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8805 to ground-truth BMDs. It offers good feasibility to use the more accessible and cheaper X-ray imaging for opportunistic osteoporosis screening.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Survey of Multimedia Technologies and Robust Algorithms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13477">arxiv:2103.13477</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zijian Kuang, Xinran Tie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multimedia technologies are now more practical and deployable in real life, and the algorithms are widely used in various researching areas such as deep learning, signal processing, haptics, computer vision, robotics, and medical multimedia processing. This survey provides an overview of multimedia technologies and robust algorithms in multimedia data processing, medical multimedia processing, human facial expression tracking and pose recognition, and multimedia in education and training. This survey will also analyze and propose a future research direction based on the overview of current robust algorithms and multimedia technologies. We want to thank the research and previous work done by the Multimedia Research Centre (MRC), the University of Alberta, which is the inspiration and starting point for future research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lightweight Image Super-Resolution with Multi-scale Feature Interaction Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13028">arxiv:2103.13028</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhengxue Wang, Guangwei Gao, Juncheng Li, Yi Yu, Huimin Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, the single image super-resolution (SISR) approaches with deep and complex convolutional neural network structures have achieved promising performance. However, those methods improve the performance at the cost of higher memory consumption, which is difficult to be applied for some mobile devices with limited storage and computing resources. To solve this problem, we present a lightweight multi-scale feature interaction network (MSFIN). For lightweight SISR, MSFIN expands the receptive field and adequately exploits the informative features of the low-resolution observed images from various scales and interactive connections. In addition, we design a lightweight recurrent residual channel attention block (RRCAB) so that the network can benefit from the channel attention mechanism while being sufficiently lightweight. Extensive experiments on some benchmarks have confirmed that our proposed MSFIN can achieve comparable performance against the state-of-the-arts with a more lightweight model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MANAS: Multi-Scale and Multi-Level Neural Architecture Search for Low-Dose CT Denoising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.12995">arxiv:2103.12995</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zexin Lu, Wenjun Xia, Yongqiang Huang, Hongming Shan, Hu Chen, Jiliu Zhou, Yi Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Lowering the radiation dose in computed tomography (CT) can greatly reduce the potential risk to public health. However, the reconstructed images from the dose-reduced CT or low-dose CT (LDCT) suffer from severe noise, compromising the subsequent diagnosis and analysis. Recently, convolutional neural networks have achieved promising results in removing noise from LDCT images; the network architectures used are either handcrafted or built on top of conventional networks such as ResNet and U-Net. Recent advance on neural network architecture search (NAS) has proved that the network architecture has a dramatic effect on the model performance, which indicates that current network architectures for LDCT may be sub-optimal. Therefore, in this paper, we make the first attempt to apply NAS to LDCT and propose a multi-scale and multi-level NAS for LDCT denoising, termed MANAS. On the one hand, the proposed MANAS fuses features extracted by different scale cells to capture multi-scale image structural details. On the other hand, the proposed MANAS can search a hybrid cell- and network-level structure for better performance. Extensively experimental results on three different dose levels demonstrate that the proposed MANAS can achieve better performance in terms of preserving image structural details than several state-of-the-art methods. In addition, we also validate the effectiveness of the multi-scale and multi-level architecture for LDCT denoising.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Online Forums Summarization via Hierarchical Unified Deep Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13587">arxiv:2103.13587</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Sansiri Tarnpradab, Fereshteh Jafariakinabad, Kien A. Hua</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Online discussion forums are prevalent and easily accessible, thus allowing people to share ideas and opinions by posting messages in the discussion threads. Forum threads that significantly grow in length can become difficult for participants, both newcomers and existing, to grasp main ideas. To mitigate this problem, this study aims to create an automatic text summarizer for online forums. We present Hierarchical Unified Deep Neural Network to build sentence and thread representations for the forum summarization. In this scheme, Bi-LSTM derives a representation that comprises information of the whole sentence and whole thread; whereas, CNN captures most informative features with respect to context from sentence and thread. Attention mechanism is applied on top of CNN to further highlight high-level representations that carry important information contributing to a desirable summary. Extensive performance evaluation has been conducted on three datasets, two of which are real-life online forums and one is news dataset. The results reveal that the proposed model outperforms several competitive baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generating Novel Scene Compositions from Single Images and Videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13389">arxiv:2103.13389</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Vadim Sushko, Dan Zhang, Juergen Gall, Anna Khoreva</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Given a large dataset for training, GANs can achieve remarkable performance for the image synthesis task. However, training GANs in extremely low data regimes remains a challenge, as overfitting often occurs, leading to memorization or training divergence. In this work, we introduce SIV-GAN, an unconditional generative model that can generate new scene compositions from a single training image or a single video clip. We propose a two-branch discriminator architecture, with content and layout branches designed to judge internal content and scene layout realism separately from each other. This discriminator design enables synthesis of visually plausible, novel compositions of a scene, with varying content and layout, while preserving the context of the original sample. Compared to previous single-image GANs, our model generates more diverse, higher quality images, while not being restricted to a single image setting. We show that SIV-GAN successfully deals with a new challenging task of learning from a single video, for which prior GAN models fail to achieve synthesis of both high quality and diversity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Safe Linear-Quadratic Dual Control with Almost Sure Performance Guarantee</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13278">arxiv:2103.13278</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yiwen Lu, Yilin Mo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper considers the linear-quadratic dual control problem where the system parameters need to be identified and the control objective needs to be optimized in the meantime. Contrary to existing works on data-driven linear-quadratic regulation, which typically provide error or regret bounds within a certain probability, we propose an online algorithm that guarantees the asymptotic optimality of the controller in the almost sure sense. Our dual control strategy consists of two parts: a switched controller with time-decaying exploration noise and Markov parameter inference based on the cross-correlation between the exploration noise and system output. Central to the almost sure performance guarantee is a safe switched control strategy that falls back to a known conservative but stable controller when the actual state deviates significantly from the target state. We prove that this switching strategy rules out any potential destabilizing controllers from being applied, while the performance gap between our switching strategy and the optimal linear state feedback is exponentially small. Under our dual control scheme, the parameter inference error scales as $O(T^{-1/4+})$, while the suboptimality gap of control performance scales as $O(T^{-1/2+})$, where $T$ is the number of time steps, and $$ is an arbitrarily small positive number. Simulation results on an industrial process example are provided to illustrate the effectiveness of our proposed strategy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unveiling the Power of Mixup for Stronger Classifiers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13027">arxiv:2103.13027</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Zicheng Liu, Siyuan Li, Di Wu, Zhiyuan Chen, Lirong Wu, Jianzhu Guo, Stan Z. Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Mixup-based data augmentations have achieved great success as regularizers for deep neural networks. However, existing methods rely on deliberately handcrafted mixup policies, which ignore or oversell the semantic matching between mixed samples and labels. Driven by their prior assumptions, early methods attempt to smooth decision boundaries by random linear interpolation while others focus on maximizing class-related information via offline saliency optimization. As a result, the issue of label mismatch has not been well addressed. Additionally, the optimization stability of mixup training is constantly troubled by the label mismatch. To address these challenges, we first reformulate mixup for supervised classification as two sub-tasks, mixup sample generation and classification, then propose Automatic Mixup (AutoMix), a revolutionary mixup framework. Specifically, a learnable lightweight Mix Block (MB) with a cross-attention mechanism is proposed to generate a mixed sample by modeling a fair relationship between the pair of samples under direct supervision of the corresponding mixed label. Moreover, the proposed Momentum Pipeline (MP) enhances training stability and accelerates convergence on top of making the Mix Block fully trained end-to-end. Extensive experiments on five popular classification benchmarks show that the proposed approach consistently outperforms leading methods by a large margin.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/03/23/2021.03.23.html' | relative_url }})
