## Summary for 2021-08-02, created on 2021-12-18


<details><summary><b>Large-scale quantum machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01039">arxiv:2108.01039</a>
&#x1F4C8; 123 <br>
<p>Tobias Haug, Chris N. Self, M. S. Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quantum computers promise to enhance machine learning for practical applications. Quantum machine learning for real-world data has to handle extensive amounts of high-dimensional data. However, conventional methods for measuring quantum kernels are impractical for large datasets as they scale with the square of the dataset size. Here, we measure quantum kernels using randomized measurements to gain a quadratic speedup in computation time and quickly process large datasets. Further, we efficiently encode high-dimensional data into quantum computers with the number of features scaling linearly with the circuit depth. The encoding is characterized by the quantum Fisher information metric and is related to the radial basis function kernel. We demonstrate the advantages of our methods by classifying images with the IBM quantum computer. To achieve further speedups we distribute the quantum computational tasks between different quantum computers. Our approach is exceptionally robust to noise via a complementary error mitigation scheme. Using currently available quantum computers, the MNIST database can be processed within 220 hours instead of 10 years which opens up industrial applications of quantum machine learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>StyleGAN-NADA: CLIP-Guided Domain Adaptation of Image Generators</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00946">arxiv:2108.00946</a>
&#x1F4C8; 76 <br>
<p>Rinon Gal, Or Patashnik, Haggai Maron, Gal Chechik, Daniel Cohen-Or</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Can a generative model be trained to produce images from a specific domain, guided by a text prompt only, without seeing any image? In other words: can an image generator be trained "blindly"? Leveraging the semantic power of large scale Contrastive-Language-Image-Pre-training (CLIP) models, we present a text-driven method that allows shifting a generative model to new domains, without having to collect even a single image. We show that through natural language prompts and a few minutes of training, our method can adapt a generator across a multitude of domains characterized by diverse styles and shapes. Notably, many of these modifications would be difficult or outright impossible to reach with existing methods. We conduct an extensive set of experiments and comparisons across a wide range of domains. These demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach and show that our shifted models maintain the latent-space properties that make generative models appealing for downstream tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CARLA: A Python Library to Benchmark Algorithmic Recourse and Counterfactual Explanation Algorithms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00783">arxiv:2108.00783</a>
&#x1F4C8; 47 <br>
<p>Martin Pawelczyk, Sascha Bielawski, Johannes van den Heuvel, Tobias Richter, Gjergji Kasneci</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Counterfactual explanations provide means for prescriptive model explanations by suggesting actionable feature changes (e.g., increase income) that allow individuals to achieve favorable outcomes in the future (e.g., insurance approval). Choosing an appropriate method is a crucial aspect for meaningful counterfactual explanations. As documented in recent reviews, there exists a quickly growing literature with available methods. Yet, in the absence of widely available opensource implementations, the decision in favor of certain models is primarily based on what is readily available. Going forward - to guarantee meaningful comparisons across explanation methods - we present CARLA (Counterfactual And Recourse LibrAry), a python library for benchmarking counterfactual explanation methods across both different data sets and different machine learning models. In summary, our work provides the following contributions: (i) an extensive benchmark of 11 popular counterfactual explanation methods, (ii) a benchmarking framework for research on future counterfactual explanation methods, and (iii) a standardized set of integrated evaluation measures and data sets for transparent and extensive comparisons of these methods. We have open-sourced CARLA and our experimental results on Github, making them available as competitive baselines. We welcome contributions from other research groups and practitioners.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SDEdit: Image Synthesis and Editing with Stochastic Differential Equations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01073">arxiv:2108.01073</a>
&#x1F4C8; 45 <br>
<p>Chenlin Meng, Yang Song, Jiaming Song, Jiajun Wu, Jun-Yan Zhu, Stefano Ermon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a new image editing and synthesis framework, Stochastic Differential Editing (SDEdit), based on a recent generative model using stochastic differential equations (SDEs). Given an input image with user edits (e.g., hand-drawn color strokes), we first add noise to the input according to an SDE, and subsequently denoise it by simulating the reverse SDE to gradually increase its likelihood under the prior. Our method does not require task-specific loss function designs, which are critical components for recent image editing methods based on GAN inversion. Compared to conditional GANs, we do not need to collect new datasets of original and edited images for new applications. Therefore, our method can quickly adapt to various editing tasks at test time without re-training models. Our approach achieves strong performance on a wide range of applications, including image synthesis and editing guided by stroke paintings and image compositing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cohort Bias Adaptation in Aggregated Datasets for Lesion Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00713">arxiv:2108.00713</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Brennan Nichyporuk, Jillian Cardinell, Justin Szeto, Raghav Mehta, Sotirios Tsaftaris, Douglas L. Arnold, Tal Arbel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many automatic machine learning models developed for focal pathology (e.g. lesions, tumours) detection and segmentation perform well, but do not generalize as well to new patient cohorts, impeding their widespread adoption into real clinical contexts. One strategy to create a more diverse, generalizable training set is to naively pool datasets from different cohorts. Surprisingly, training on this \it{big data} does not necessarily increase, and may even reduce, overall performance and model generalizability, due to the existence of cohort biases that affect label distributions. In this paper, we propose a generalized affine conditioning framework to learn and account for cohort biases across multi-source datasets, which we call Source-Conditioned Instance Normalization (SCIN). Through extensive experimentation on three different, large scale, multi-scanner, multi-centre Multiple Sclerosis (MS) clinical trial MRI datasets, we show that our cohort bias adaptation method (1) improves performance of the network on pooled datasets relative to naively pooling datasets and (2) can quickly adapt to a new cohort by fine-tuning the instance normalization parameters, thus learning the new cohort bias with only 10 labelled samples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Making Deep Learning-based Vulnerability Detectors Robust</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00669">arxiv:2108.00669</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Zhen Li, Jing Tang, Deqing Zou, Qian Chen, Shouhuai Xu, Chao Zhang, Yichen Li, Hai Jin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automatically detecting software vulnerabilities in source code is an important problem that has attracted much attention. In particular, deep learning-based vulnerability detectors, or DL-based detectors, are attractive because they do not need human experts to define features or patterns of vulnerabilities. However, such detectors' robustness is unclear. In this paper, we initiate the study in this aspect by demonstrating that DL-based detectors are not robust against simple code transformations, dubbed attacks in this paper, as these transformations may be leveraged for malicious purposes. As a first step towards making DL-based detectors robust against such attacks, we propose an innovative framework, dubbed ZigZag, which is centered at (i) decoupling feature learning and classifier learning and (ii) using a ZigZag-style strategy to iteratively refine them until they converge to robust features and robust classifiers. Experimental results show that the ZigZag framework can substantially improve the robustness of DL-based detectors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computing the Newton-step faster than Hessian accumulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01219">arxiv:2108.01219</a>
&#x1F4C8; 15 <br>
<p>Akshay Srinivasan, Emanuel Todorov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computing the Newton-step of a generic function with $N$ decision variables takes $O(N^3)$ flops. In this paper, we show that given the computational graph of the function, this bound can be reduced to $O(mτ^3)$, where $τ, m$ are the width and size of a tree-decomposition of the graph. The proposed algorithm generalizes nonlinear optimal-control methods based on LQR to general optimization problems and provides non-trivial gains in iteration-complexity even in cases where the Hessian is dense.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AcousticFusion: Fusing Sound Source Localization to Visual SLAM in Dynamic Environments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01246">arxiv:2108.01246</a>
&#x1F4C8; 12 <br>
<p>Tianwei Zhang, Huayan Zhang, Xiaofei Li, Junfeng Chen, Tin Lun Lam, Sethu Vijayakumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Dynamic objects in the environment, such as people and other agents, lead to challenges for existing simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) approaches. To deal with dynamic environments, computer vision researchers usually apply some learning-based object detectors to remove these dynamic objects. However, these object detectors are computationally too expensive for mobile robot on-board processing. In practical applications, these objects output noisy sounds that can be effectively detected by on-board sound source localization. The directional information of the sound source object can be efficiently obtained by direction of sound arrival (DoA) estimation, but depth estimation is difficult. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a novel audio-visual fusion approach that fuses sound source direction into the RGB-D image and thus removes the effect of dynamic obstacles on the multi-robot SLAM system. Experimental results of multi-robot SLAM in different dynamic environments show that the proposed method uses very small computational resources to obtain very stable self-localization results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Toward Spatially Unbiased Generative Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01285">arxiv:2108.01285</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Jooyoung Choi, Jungbeom Lee, Yonghyun Jeong, Sungroh Yoon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent image generation models show remarkable generation performance. However, they mirror strong location preference in datasets, which we call spatial bias. Therefore, generators render poor samples at unseen locations and scales. We argue that the generators rely on their implicit positional encoding to render spatial content. From our observations, the generator's implicit positional encoding is translation-variant, making the generator spatially biased. To address this issue, we propose injecting explicit positional encoding at each scale of the generator. By learning the spatially unbiased generator, we facilitate the robust use of generators in multiple tasks, such as GAN inversion, multi-scale generation, generation of arbitrary sizes and aspect ratios. Furthermore, we show that our method can also be applied to denoising diffusion probabilistic models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AGAR a microbial colony dataset for deep learning detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01234">arxiv:2108.01234</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Sylwia Majchrowska, Jarosław Pawłowski, Grzegorz Guła, Tomasz Bonus, Agata Hanas, Adam Loch, Agnieszka Pawlak, Justyna Roszkowiak, Tomasz Golan, Zuzanna Drulis-Kawa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Annotated Germs for Automated Recognition (AGAR) dataset is an image database of microbial colonies cultured on agar plates. It contains 18000 photos of five different microorganisms as single or mixed cultures, taken under diverse lighting conditions with two different cameras. All the images are classified into "countable", "uncountable", and "empty", with the "countable" class labeled by microbiologists with colony location and species identification (336442 colonies in total). This study describes the dataset itself and the process of its development. In the second part, the performance of selected deep neural network architectures for object detection, namely Faster R-CNN and Cascade R-CNN, was evaluated on the AGAR dataset. The results confirmed the great potential of deep learning methods to automate the process of microbe localization and classification based on Petri dish photos. Moreover, AGAR is the first publicly available dataset of this kind and size and will facilitate the future development of machine learning models. The data used in these studies can be found at https://agar.neurosys.com/.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evaluating Deep Graph Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00955">arxiv:2108.00955</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Wentao Zhang, Zeang Sheng, Yuezihan Jiang, Yikuan Xia, Jun Gao, Zhi Yang, Bin Cui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have already been widely applied in various graph mining tasks. However, they suffer from the shallow architecture issue, which is the key impediment that hinders the model performance improvement. Although several relevant approaches have been proposed, none of the existing studies provides an in-depth understanding of the root causes of performance degradation in deep GNNs. In this paper, we conduct the first systematic experimental evaluation to present the fundamental limitations of shallow architectures. Based on the experimental results, we answer the following two essential questions: (1) what actually leads to the compromised performance of deep GNNs; (2) when we need and how to build deep GNNs. The answers to the above questions provide empirical insights and guidelines for researchers to design deep and well-performed GNNs. To show the effectiveness of our proposed guidelines, we present Deep Graph Multi-Layer Perceptron (DGMLP), a powerful approach (a paradigm in its own right) that helps guide deep GNN designs. Experimental results demonstrate three advantages of DGMLP: 1) high accuracy -- it achieves state-of-the-art node classification performance on various datasets; 2) high flexibility -- it can flexibly choose different propagation and transformation depths according to graph size and sparsity; 3) high scalability and efficiency -- it supports fast training on large-scale graphs. Our code is available in https://github.com/zwt233/DGMLP.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AdvRush: Searching for Adversarially Robust Neural Architectures</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01289">arxiv:2108.01289</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Jisoo Mok, Byunggook Na, Hyeokjun Choe, Sungroh Yoon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks continue to awe the world with their remarkable performance. Their predictions, however, are prone to be corrupted by adversarial examples that are imperceptible to humans. Current efforts to improve the robustness of neural networks against adversarial examples are focused on developing robust training methods, which update the weights of a neural network in a more robust direction. In this work, we take a step beyond training of the weight parameters and consider the problem of designing an adversarially robust neural architecture with high intrinsic robustness. We propose AdvRush, a novel adversarial robustness-aware neural architecture search algorithm, based upon a finding that independent of the training method, the intrinsic robustness of a neural network can be represented with the smoothness of its input loss landscape. Through a regularizer that favors a candidate architecture with a smoother input loss landscape, AdvRush successfully discovers an adversarially robust neural architecture. Along with a comprehensive theoretical motivation for AdvRush, we conduct an extensive amount of experiments to demonstrate the efficacy of AdvRush on various benchmark datasets. Notably, on CIFAR-10, AdvRush achieves 55.91% robust accuracy under FGSM attack after standard training and 50.04% robust accuracy under AutoAttack after 7-step PGD adversarial training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Deep Learning for HAR with shallow LSTMs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00702">arxiv:2108.00702</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Marius Bock, Alexander Hoelzemann, Michael Moeller, Kristof Van Laerhoven</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies in Human Activity Recognition (HAR) have shown that Deep Learning methods are able to outperform classical Machine Learning algorithms. One popular Deep Learning architecture in HAR is the DeepConvLSTM. In this paper we propose to alter the DeepConvLSTM architecture to employ a 1-layered instead of a 2-layered LSTM. We validate our architecture change on 5 publicly available HAR datasets by comparing the predictive performance with and without the change employing varying hidden units within the LSTM layer(s). Results show that across all datasets, our architecture consistently improves on the original one: Recognition performance increases up to 11.7% for the F1-score, and our architecture significantly decreases the amount of learnable parameters. This improvement over DeepConvLSTM decreases training time by as much as 48%. Our results stand in contrast to the belief that one needs at least a 2-layered LSTM when dealing with sequential data. Based on our results we argue that said claim might not be applicable to sensor-based HAR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SABER: Data-Driven Motion Planner for Autonomously Navigating Heterogeneous Robots</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01262">arxiv:2108.01262</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Alexander Schperberg, Stephanie Tsuei, Stefano Soatto, Dennis Hong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present an end-to-end online motion planning framework that uses a data-driven approach to navigate a heterogeneous robot team towards a global goal while avoiding obstacles in uncertain environments. First, we use stochastic model predictive control (SMPC) to calculate control inputs that satisfy robot dynamics, and consider uncertainty during obstacle avoidance with chance constraints. Second, recurrent neural networks are used to provide a quick estimate of future state uncertainty considered in the SMPC finite-time horizon solution, which are trained on uncertainty outputs of various simultaneous localization and mapping algorithms. When two or more robots are in communication range, these uncertainties are then updated using a distributed Kalman filtering approach. Lastly, a Deep Q-learning agent is employed to serve as a high-level path planner, providing the SMPC with target positions that move the robots towards a desired global goal. Our complete methods are demonstrated on a ground and aerial robot simultaneously (code available at: https://github.com/AlexS28/SABER).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Representation learning for neural population activity with Neural Data Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01210">arxiv:2108.01210</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Joel Ye, Chethan Pandarinath</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural population activity is theorized to reflect an underlying dynamical structure. This structure can be accurately captured using state space models with explicit dynamics, such as those based on recurrent neural networks (RNNs). However, using recurrence to explicitly model dynamics necessitates sequential processing of data, slowing real-time applications such as brain-computer interfaces. Here we introduce the Neural Data Transformer (NDT), a non-recurrent alternative. We test the NDT's ability to capture autonomous dynamical systems by applying it to synthetic datasets with known dynamics and data from monkey motor cortex during a reaching task well-modeled by RNNs. The NDT models these datasets as well as state-of-the-art recurrent models. Further, its non-recurrence enables 3.9ms inference, well within the loop time of real-time applications and more than 6 times faster than recurrent baselines on the monkey reaching dataset. These results suggest that an explicit dynamics model is not necessary to model autonomous neural population dynamics. Code: https://github.com/snel-repo/neural-data-transformers

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LICHEE: Improving Language Model Pre-training with Multi-grained Tokenization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00801">arxiv:2108.00801</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Weidong Guo, Mingjun Zhao, Lusheng Zhang, Di Niu, Jinwen Luo, Zhenhua Liu, Zhenyang Li, Jianbo Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Language model pre-training based on large corpora has achieved tremendous success in terms of constructing enriched contextual representations and has led to significant performance gains on a diverse range of Natural Language Understanding (NLU) tasks. Despite the success, most current pre-trained language models, such as BERT, are trained based on single-grained tokenization, usually with fine-grained characters or sub-words, making it hard for them to learn the precise meaning of coarse-grained words and phrases. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective pre-training method named LICHEE to efficiently incorporate multi-grained information of input text. Our method can be applied to various pre-trained language models and improve their representation capability. Extensive experiments conducted on CLUE and SuperGLUE demonstrate that our method achieves comprehensive improvements on a wide variety of NLU tasks in both Chinese and English with little extra inference cost incurred, and that our best ensemble model achieves the state-of-the-art performance on CLUE benchmark competition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Identify Light-Curve Signals with Deep Learning Based Object Detection Algorithm. I. Transit Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00670">arxiv:2108.00670</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Kaiming Cui, Junjie Liu, Fabo Feng, Jifeng Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning techniques have been well explored in the transiting exoplanet field; however, previous work mainly focuses on classification and inspection. In this work, we develop a novel detection algorithm based on a well proven object detection framework in the computer vision field. Through training the network on the light curves of the confirmed Kepler exoplanets, our model yields about 90% precision and recall for identifying transits with signal-to-noise ratio higher than 6 (set the confidence threshold to 0.6). Giving a slightly lower confidence threshold, recall can reach higher than 95%. We also transfer the trained model to the TESS data and obtain similar performance. The results of our algorithm match the intuition of the human visual perception and make it useful to find single-transiting candidates. Moreover, the parameters of the output bounding boxes can also help to find multiplanet systems. Our network and detection functions are implemented in the Deep-Transit toolkit, which is an open-source Python package hosted on GitHub and PyPI.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>More but Correct: Generating Diversified and Entity-revised Medical Response</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01266">arxiv:2108.01266</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Bin Li, Encheng Chen, Hongru Liu, Yixuan Weng, Bin Sun, Shutao Li, Yongping Bai, Meiling Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Medical Dialogue Generation (MDG) is intended to build a medical dialogue system for intelligent consultation, which can communicate with patients in real-time, thereby improving the efficiency of clinical diagnosis with broad application prospects. This paper presents our proposed framework for the Chinese MDG organized by the 2021 China conference on knowledge graph and semantic computing (CCKS) competition, which requires generating context-consistent and medically meaningful responses conditioned on the dialogue history. In our framework, we propose a pipeline system composed of entity prediction and entity-aware dialogue generation, by adding predicted entities to the dialogue model with a fusion mechanism, thereby utilizing information from different sources. At the decoding stage, we propose a new decoding mechanism named Entity-revised Diverse Beam Search (EDBS) to improve entity correctness and promote the length and quality of the final response. The proposed method wins both the CCKS and the International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR) 2021 Workshop Machine Learning for Preventing and Combating Pandemics (MLPCP) Track 1 Entity-aware MED competitions, which demonstrate the practicality and effectiveness of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The RareDis corpus: a corpus annotated with rare diseases, their signs and symptoms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01204">arxiv:2108.01204</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Claudia Martínez-deMiguel, Isabel Segura-Bedmar, Esteban Chacón-Solano, Sara Guerrero-Aspizua</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The RareDis corpus contains more than 5,000 rare diseases and almost 6,000 clinical manifestations are annotated. Moreover, the Inter Annotator Agreement evaluation shows a relatively high agreement (F1-measure equal to 83.5% under exact match criteria for the entities and equal to 81.3% for the relations). Based on these results, this corpus is of high quality, supposing a significant step for the field since there is a scarcity of available corpus annotated with rare diseases. This could open the door to further NLP applications, which would facilitate the diagnosis and treatment of these rare diseases and, therefore, would improve dramatically the quality of life of these patients.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Musical Speech: A Transformer-based Composition Tool</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01043">arxiv:2108.01043</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Jason d'Eon, Sri Harsha Dumpala, Chandramouli Shama Sastry, Dani Oore, Sageev Oore</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a new compositional tool that will generate a musical outline of speech recorded/provided by the user for use as a musical building block in their compositions. The tool allows any user to use their own speech to generate musical material, while still being able to hear the direct connection between their recorded speech and the resulting music. The tool is built on our proposed pipeline. This pipeline begins with speech-based signal processing, after which some simple musical heuristics are applied, and finally these pre-processed signals are passed through Transformer models trained on new musical tasks. We illustrate the effectiveness of our pipeline -- which does not require a paired dataset for training -- through examples of music created by musicians making use of our tool.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-phase Liver Tumor Segmentation with Spatial Aggregation and Uncertain Region Inpainting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00911">arxiv:2108.00911</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yue Zhang, Chengtao Peng, Liying Peng, Huimin Huang, Ruofeng Tong, Lanfen Lin, Jingsong Li, Yen-Wei Chen, Qingqing Chen, Hongjie Hu, Zhiyi Peng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-phase computed tomography (CT) images provide crucial complementary information for accurate liver tumor segmentation (LiTS). State-of-the-art multi-phase LiTS methods usually fused cross-phase features through phase-weighted summation or channel-attention based concatenation. However, these methods ignored the spatial (pixel-wise) relationships between different phases, hence leading to insufficient feature integration. In addition, the performance of existing methods remains subject to the uncertainty in segmentation, which is particularly acute in tumor boundary regions. In this work, we propose a novel LiTS method to adequately aggregate multi-phase information and refine uncertain region segmentation. To this end, we introduce a spatial aggregation module (SAM), which encourages per-pixel interactions between different phases, to make full use of cross-phase information. Moreover, we devise an uncertain region inpainting module (URIM) to refine uncertain pixels using neighboring discriminative features. Experiments on an in-house multi-phase CT dataset of focal liver lesions (MPCT-FLLs) demonstrate that our method achieves promising liver tumor segmentation and outperforms state-of-the-arts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BezierSeg: Parametric Shape Representation for Fast Object Segmentation in Medical Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00760">arxiv:2108.00760</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Haichou Chen, Yishu Deng, Bin Li, Zeqin Li, Haohua Chen, Bingzhong Jing, Chaofeng Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Delineating the lesion area is an important task in image-based diagnosis. Pixel-wise classification is a popular approach to segmenting the region of interest. However, at fuzzy boundaries such methods usually result in glitches, discontinuity, or disconnection, inconsistent with the fact that lesions are solid and smooth. To overcome these undesirable artifacts, we propose the BezierSeg model which outputs bezier curves encompassing the region of interest. Directly modelling the contour with analytic equations ensures that the segmentation is connected, continuous, and the boundary is smooth. In addition, it offers sub-pixel accuracy. Without loss of accuracy, the bezier contour can be resampled and overlaid with images of any resolution. Moreover, a doctor can conveniently adjust the curve's control points to refine the result. Our experiments show that the proposed method runs in real time and achieves accuracy competitive with pixel-wise segmentation models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Flip Learning: Erase to Segment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00752">arxiv:2108.00752</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yuhao Huang, Xin Yang, Yuxin Zou, Chaoyu Chen, Jian Wang, Haoran Dou, Nishant Ravikumar, Alejandro F Frangi, Jianqiao Zhou, Dong Ni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nodule segmentation from breast ultrasound images is challenging yet essential for the diagnosis. Weakly-supervised segmentation (WSS) can help reduce time-consuming and cumbersome manual annotation. Unlike existing weakly-supervised approaches, in this study, we propose a novel and general WSS framework called Flip Learning, which only needs the box annotation. Specifically, the target in the label box will be erased gradually to flip the classification tag, and the erased region will be considered as the segmentation result finally. Our contribution is three-fold. First, our proposed approach erases on superpixel level using a Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning framework to exploit the prior boundary knowledge and accelerate the learning process. Second, we design two rewards: classification score and intensity distribution reward, to avoid under- and over-segmentation, respectively. Third, we adopt a coarse-to-fine learning strategy to reduce the residual errors and improve the segmentation performance. Extensively validated on a large dataset, our proposed approach achieves competitive performance and shows great potential to narrow the gap between fully-supervised and weakly-supervised learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Group Fisher Pruning for Practical Network Compression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00708">arxiv:2108.00708</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Liyang Liu, Shilong Zhang, Zhanghui Kuang, Aojun Zhou, Jing-Hao Xue, Xinjiang Wang, Yimin Chen, Wenming Yang, Qingmin Liao, Wayne Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Network compression has been widely studied since it is able to reduce the memory and computation cost during inference. However, previous methods seldom deal with complicated structures like residual connections, group/depth-wise convolution and feature pyramid network, where channels of multiple layers are coupled and need to be pruned simultaneously. In this paper, we present a general channel pruning approach that can be applied to various complicated structures. Particularly, we propose a layer grouping algorithm to find coupled channels automatically. Then we derive a unified metric based on Fisher information to evaluate the importance of a single channel and coupled channels. Moreover, we find that inference speedup on GPUs is more correlated with the reduction of memory rather than FLOPs, and thus we employ the memory reduction of each channel to normalize the importance. Our method can be used to prune any structures including those with coupled channels. We conduct extensive experiments on various backbones, including the classic ResNet and ResNeXt, mobile-friendly MobileNetV2, and the NAS-based RegNet, both on image classification and object detection which is under-explored. Experimental results validate that our method can effectively prune sophisticated networks, boosting inference speed without sacrificing accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Stable neural networks: large-width asymptotics and convergence rates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.02316">arxiv:2108.02316</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Stefano Favaro, Sandra Fortini, Stefano Peluchetti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In modern deep learning, there is a recent and growing literature on the interplay between large-width asymptotics for deep Gaussian neural networks (NNs), i.e. deep NNs with Gaussian-distributed weights, and classes of Gaussian stochastic processes (SPs). Such an interplay has proved to be critical in several contexts of practical interest, e.g. Bayesian inference under Gaussian SP priors, kernel regression for infinite-wide deep NNs trained via gradient descent, and information propagation within infinite-wide NNs. Motivated by empirical analysis, showing the potential of replacing Gaussian distributions with Stable distributions for the NN's weights, in this paper we investigate large-width asymptotics for (fully connected) feed-forward deep Stable NNs, i.e. deep NNs with Stable-distributed weights. First, we show that as the width goes to infinity jointly over the NN's layers, a suitable rescaled deep Stable NN converges weakly to a Stable SP whose distribution is characterized recursively through the NN's layers. Because of the non-triangular NN's structure, this is a non-standard asymptotic problem, to which we propose a novel and self-contained inductive approach, which may be of independent interest. Then, we establish sup-norm convergence rates of a deep Stable NN to a Stable SP, quantifying the critical difference between the settings of ``joint growth" and ``sequential growth" of the width over the NN's layers. Our work extends recent results on infinite-wide limits for deep Gaussian NNs to the more general deep Stable NNs, providing the first result on convergence rates for infinite-wide deep NNs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pure Exploration in Multi-armed Bandits with Graph Side Information</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01152">arxiv:2108.01152</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Parth K. Thaker, Nikhil Rao, Mohit Malu, Gautam Dasarathy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study pure exploration in multi-armed bandits with graph side-information. In particular, we consider the best arm (and near-best arm) identification problem in the fixed confidence setting under the assumption that the arm rewards are smooth with respect to a given arbitrary graph. This captures a range of real world pure-exploration scenarios where one often has information about the similarity of the options or actions under consideration. We propose a novel algorithm GRUB (GRaph based UcB) for this problem and provide a theoretical characterization of its performance that elicits the benefit of the graph-side information. We complement our theory with experimental results that show that capitalizing on available graph side information yields significant improvements over pure exploration methods that are unable to use this information.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Supervised Disentangled Representation Learning for Third-Person Imitation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01069">arxiv:2108.01069</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jinghuan Shang, Michael S. Ryoo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Humans learn to imitate by observing others. However, robot imitation learning generally requires expert demonstrations in the first-person view (FPV). Collecting such FPV videos for every robot could be very expensive. Third-person imitation learning (TPIL) is the concept of learning action policies by observing other agents in a third-person view (TPV), similar to what humans do. This ultimately allows utilizing human and robot demonstration videos in TPV from many different data sources, for the policy learning. In this paper, we present a TPIL approach for robot tasks with egomotion. Although many robot tasks with ground/aerial mobility often involve actions with camera egomotion, study on TPIL for such tasks has been limited. Here, FPV and TPV observations are visually very different; FPV shows egomotion while the agent appearance is only observable in TPV. To enable better state learning for TPIL, we propose our disentangled representation learning method. We use a dual auto-encoder structure plus representation permutation loss and time-contrastive loss to ensure the state and viewpoint representations are well disentangled. Our experiments show the effectiveness of our approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Efficient Image-to-Image Translation HourGlass-based Architecture for Object Pushing Policy Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01034">arxiv:2108.01034</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Marco Ewerton, Angel Martínez-González, Jean-Marc Odobez</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Humans effortlessly solve pushing tasks in everyday life but unlocking these capabilities remains a challenge in robotics because physics models of these tasks are often inaccurate or unattainable. State-of-the-art data-driven approaches learn to compensate for these inaccuracies or replace the approximated physics models altogether. Nevertheless, approaches like Deep Q-Networks (DQNs) suffer from local optima in large state-action spaces. Furthermore, they rely on well-chosen deep learning architectures and learning paradigms. In this paper, we propose to frame the learning of pushing policies (where to push and how) by DQNs as an image-to-image translation problem and exploit an Hourglass-based architecture. We present an architecture combining a predictor of which pushes lead to changes in the environment with a state-action value predictor dedicated to the pushing task. Moreover, we investigate positional information encoding to learn position-dependent policy behaviors. We demonstrate in simulation experiments with a UR5 robot arm that our overall architecture helps the DQN learn faster and achieve higher performance in a pushing task involving objects with unknown dynamics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Causal Inference in Educational Systems: A Graphical Modeling Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00654">arxiv:2108.00654</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Manie Tadayon, Greg Pottie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Educational systems have traditionally been evaluated using cross-sectional studies, namely, examining a pretest, posttest, and single intervention. Although this is a popular approach, it does not model valuable information such as confounding variables, feedback to students, and other real-world deviations of studies from ideal conditions. Moreover, learning inherently is a sequential process and should involve a sequence of interventions. In this paper, we propose various experimental and quasi-experimental designs for educational systems and quantify them using the graphical model and directed acyclic graph (DAG) language. We discuss the applications and limitations of each method in education. Furthermore, we propose to model the education system as time-varying treatments, confounders, and time-varying treatments-confounders feedback. We show that if we control for a sufficient set of confounders and use appropriate inference techniques such as the inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW) or g-formula, we can close the backdoor paths and derive the unbiased causal estimate of joint interventions on the outcome. Finally, we compare the g-formula and IPTW performance and discuss the pros and cons of using each method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Power transformer faults diagnosis using undestructive methods (Roger and IEC) and artificial neural network for dissolved gas analysis applied on the functional transformer in the Algerian north-eastern: a comparative study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.10205">arxiv:2108.10205</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Bouchaoui Lahcene, Kamel Eddine Hemsas, Hacene Mellah, saad eddine benlahneche</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nowadays, power transformer aging and failures are viewed with great attention in power transmission industry. Dissolved gas analysis (DGA) is classified among the biggest widely used methods used within the context of asset management policy to detect the incipient faults in their earlier stage in power transformers. Up to now, several procedures have been employed for the lecture of DGA results. Among these useful means, we find Key Gases, Rogers Ratios, IEC Ratios, the historical technique less used today Doernenburg Ratios, the two types of Duval Pentagons methods, several versions of the Duval Triangles method and Logarithmic Nomograph. Problem. DGA data extracted from different units in service served to verify the ability and reliability of these methods in assessing the state of health of the power transformer. Aim. An improving the quality of diagnostics of electrical power transformer by artificial neural network tools based on two conventional methods in the case of a functional power transformer at Sétif province in East North of Algeria. Methodology. Design an inelegant tool for power transformer diagnosis using neural networks based on traditional methods IEC and Rogers, which allows to early detection faults, to increase the reliability, of the entire electrical energy system from transport to consumers and improve a continuity and quality of service. Results. The solution of the problem was carried out by using feed-forward back-propagation neural networks implemented in MATLAB-Simulink environment. Four real power transformers working under different environment and climate conditions such as: desert, humid, cold were taken into account. The practical results of the diagnosis of these power transformers by the DGA are presented. Practical value.....

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Creation and Detection of German Voice Deepfakes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01469">arxiv:2108.01469</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Vanessa Barnekow, Dominik Binder, Niclas Kromrey, Pascal Munaretto, Andreas Schaad, Felix Schmieder</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Synthesizing voice with the help of machine learning techniques has made rapid progress over the last years [1] and first high profile fraud cases have been recently reported [2]. Given the current increase in using conferencing tools for online teaching, we question just how easy (i.e. needed data, hardware, skill set) it would be to create a convincing voice fake. We analyse how much training data a participant (e.g. a student) would actually need to fake another participants voice (e.g. a professor). We provide an analysis of the existing state of the art in creating voice deep fakes, as well as offer detailed technical guidance and evidence of just how much effort is needed to copy a voice. A user study with more than 100 participants shows how difficult it is to identify real and fake voice (on avg. only 37 percent can distinguish between real and fake voice of a professor). With a focus on German language and an online teaching environment we discuss the societal implications as well as demonstrate how to use machine learning techniques to possibly detect such fakes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Linking Sap Flow Measurements with Earth Observations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01290">arxiv:2108.01290</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Enrico Tomelleri, Giustino Tonon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While single-tree transpiration is challenging to compare with earth observation, canopy scale data are suitable for this purpose. To test the potentialities of the second approach, we equipped the trees at two measurement sites with sap flow sensors in spruce forests. The sites have contrasting topography. The measurement period covered the months between June 2020 and January 2021. To link plot scale transpiration with earth observations, we utilized Sentinel-2 and local meteorological data. Within a machine learning framework, we have tested the suitability of earth observations for modelling canopy transpiration. The R2 of the cross-validated trained models at the measurement sites was between 0.57 and 0.80. These results demonstrate the relevance of Sentinel-2 data for the data-driven upscaling of ecosystem fluxes from plot scale sap flow data. If applied to a broader network of sites and climatic conditions, such an approach could offer unprecedented possibilities for investigating our forests' resilience and resistance capacity to an intensified hydrological cycle in the contest of a changing climate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hierarchical Representations and Explicit Memory: Learning Effective Navigation Policies on 3D Scene Graphs using Graph Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01176">arxiv:2108.01176</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zachary Ravichandran, Lisa Peng, Nathan Hughes, J. Daniel Griffith, Luca Carlone</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Representations are crucial for a robot to learn effective navigation policies. Recent work has shown that mid-level perceptual abstractions, such as depth estimates or 2D semantic segmentation, lead to more effective policies when provided as observations in place of raw sensor data (e.g., RGB images). However, such policies must still learn latent three-dimensional scene properties from mid-level abstractions. In contrast, high-level, hierarchical representations such as 3D scene graphs explicitly provide a scene's geometry, topology, and semantics, making them compelling representations for navigation. In this work, we present a reinforcement learning framework that leverages high-level hierarchical representations to learn navigation policies. Towards this goal, we propose a graph neural network architecture and show how to embed a 3D scene graph into an agent-centric feature space, which enables the robot to learn policies for low-level action in an end-to-end manner. For each node in the scene graph, our method uses features that capture occupancy and semantic content, while explicitly retaining memory of the robot trajectory. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method against commonly used visuomotor policies in a challenging object search task. These experiments and supporting ablation studies show that our method leads to more effective object search behaviors, exhibits improved long-term memory, and successfully leverages hierarchical information to guide its navigation objectives.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Correcting Arabic Soft Spelling Mistakes using BiLSTM-based Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01141">arxiv:2108.01141</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Gheith A. Abandah, Ashraf Suyyagh, Mohammed Z. Khedher</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Soft spelling errors are a class of spelling mistakes that is widespread among native Arabic speakers and foreign learners alike. Some of these errors are typographical in nature. They occur due to orthographic variations of some Arabic letters and the complex rules that dictate their correct usage. Many people forgo these rules, and given the identical phonetic sounds, they often confuse such letters. In this paper, we propose a bidirectional long short-term memory network that corrects this class of errors. We develop, train, evaluate, and compare a set of BiLSTM networks. We approach the spelling correction problem at the character level. We handle Arabic texts from both classical and modern standard Arabic. We treat the problem as a one-to-one sequence transcription problem. Since the soft Arabic errors class encompasses omission and addition mistakes, to preserve the one-to-one sequence transcription, we propose a simple low-resource yet effective technique that maintains the one-to-one sequencing and avoids using a costly encoder-decoder architecture. We train the BiLSTM models to correct the spelling mistakes using transformed input and stochastic error injection approaches. We recommend a configuration that has two BiLSTM layers, uses the dropout regularization, and is trained using the latter training approach with error injection rate of 40%. The best model corrects 96.4% of the injected errors and achieves a low character error rate of 1.28% on a real test set of soft spelling mistakes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PyEuroVoc: A Tool for Multilingual Legal Document Classification with EuroVoc Descriptors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01139">arxiv:2108.01139</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Andrei-Marius Avram, Vasile Pais, Dan Tufis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** EuroVoc is a multilingual thesaurus that was built for organizing the legislative documentary of the European Union institutions. It contains thousands of categories at different levels of specificity and its descriptors are targeted by legal texts in almost thirty languages. In this work we propose a unified framework for EuroVoc classification on 22 languages by fine-tuning modern Transformer-based pretrained language models. We study extensively the performance of our trained models and show that they significantly improve the results obtained by a similar tool - JEX - on the same dataset. The code and the fine-tuned models were open sourced, together with a programmatic interface that eases the process of loading the weights of a trained model and of classifying a new document.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficacy of Statistical and Artificial Intelligence-based False Information Cyberattack Detection Models for Connected Vehicles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01124">arxiv:2108.01124</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sakib Mahmud Khan, Gurcan Comert, Mashrur Chowdhury</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Connected vehicles (CVs), because of the external connectivity with other CVs and connected infrastructure, are vulnerable to cyberattacks that can instantly compromise the safety of the vehicle itself and other connected vehicles and roadway infrastructure. One such cyberattack is the false information attack, where an external attacker injects inaccurate information into the connected vehicles and eventually can cause catastrophic consequences by compromising safety-critical applications like the forward collision warning. The occurrence and target of such attack events can be very dynamic, making real-time and near-real-time detection challenging. Change point models, can be used for real-time anomaly detection caused by the false information attack. In this paper, we have evaluated three change point-based statistical models; Expectation Maximization, Cumulative Summation, and Bayesian Online Change Point Algorithms for cyberattack detection in the CV data. Also, data-driven artificial intelligence (AI) models, which can be used to detect known and unknown underlying patterns in the dataset, have the potential of detecting a real-time anomaly in the CV data. We have used six AI models to detect false information attacks and compared the performance for detecting the attacks with our developed change point models. Our study shows that change points models performed better in real-time false information attack detection compared to the performance of the AI models. Change point models having the advantage of no training requirements can be a feasible and computationally efficient alternative to AI models for false information attack detection in connected vehicles.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pre-trained Models for Sonar Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01111">arxiv:2108.01111</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Matias Valdenegro-Toro, Alan Preciado-Grijalva, Bilal Wehbe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning and neural networks are now ubiquitous in sonar perception, but it lags behind the computer vision field due to the lack of data and pre-trained models specifically for sonar images. In this paper we present the Marine Debris Turntable dataset and produce pre-trained neural networks trained on this dataset, meant to fill the gap of missing pre-trained models for sonar images. We train Resnet 20, MobileNets, DenseNet121, SqueezeNet, MiniXception, and an Autoencoder, over several input image sizes, from 32 x 32 to 96 x 96, on the Marine Debris turntable dataset. We evaluate these models using transfer learning for low-shot classification in the Marine Debris Watertank and another dataset captured using a Gemini 720i sonar. Our results show that in both datasets the pre-trained models produce good features that allow good classification accuracy with low samples (10-30 samples per class). The Gemini dataset validates that the features transfer to other kinds of sonar sensors. We expect that the community benefits from the public release of our pre-trained models and the turntable dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning-based Preference Prediction for Constrained Multi-Criteria Path-Planning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01080">arxiv:2108.01080</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kevin Osanlou, Christophe Guettier, Andrei Bursuc, Tristan Cazenave, Eric Jacopin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning-based methods are increasingly popular for search algorithms in single-criterion optimization problems. In contrast, for multiple-criteria optimization there are significantly fewer approaches despite the existence of numerous applications. Constrained path-planning for Autonomous Ground Vehicles (AGV) is one such application, where an AGV is typically deployed in disaster relief or search and rescue applications in off-road environments. The agent can be faced with the following dilemma : optimize a source-destination path according to a known criterion and an uncertain criterion under operational constraints. The known criterion is associated to the cost of the path, representing the distance. The uncertain criterion represents the feasibility of driving through the path without requiring human intervention. It depends on various external parameters such as the physics of the vehicle, the state of the explored terrains or weather conditions. In this work, we leverage knowledge acquired through offline simulations by training a neural network model to predict the uncertain criterion. We integrate this model inside a path-planner which can solve problems online. Finally, we conduct experiments on realistic AGV scenarios which illustrate that the proposed framework requires human intervention less frequently, trading for a limited increase in the path distance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Finding Discriminative Filters for Specific Degradations in Blind Super-Resolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01070">arxiv:2108.01070</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Liangbin Xie, Xintao Wang, Chao Dong, Zhongang Qi, Ying Shan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent blind super-resolution (SR) methods typically consist of two branches, one for degradation prediction and the other for conditional restoration. However, our experiments show that a one-branch network can achieve comparable performance to the two-branch scheme. Then we wonder: how can one-branch networks automatically learn to distinguish degradations? To find the answer, we propose a new diagnostic tool -- Filter Attribution method based on Integral Gradient (FAIG). Unlike previous integral gradient methods, our FAIG aims at finding the most discriminative filters instead of input pixels/features for degradation removal in blind SR networks. With the discovered filters, we further develop a simple yet effective method to predict the degradation of an input image. Based on FAIG, we show that, in one-branch blind SR networks, 1) we are able to find a very small number of (1%) discriminative filters for each specific degradation; 2) The weights, locations and connections of the discovered filters are all important to determine the specific network function. 3) The task of degradation prediction can be implicitly realized by these discriminative filters without explicit supervised learning. Our findings can not only help us better understand network behaviors inside one-branch blind SR networks, but also provide guidance on designing more efficient architectures and diagnosing networks for blind SR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Time-based Dynamic Controllability of Disjunctive Temporal Networks with Uncertainty: A Tree Search Approach with Graph Neural Network Guidance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01068">arxiv:2108.01068</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kevin Osanlou, Jeremy Frank, J. Benton, Andrei Bursuc, Christophe Guettier, Eric Jacopin, Tristan Cazenave</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Scheduling in the presence of uncertainty is an area of interest in artificial intelligence due to the large number of applications. We study the problem of dynamic controllability (DC) of disjunctive temporal networks with uncertainty (DTNU), which seeks a strategy to satisfy all constraints in response to uncontrollable action durations. We introduce a more restricted, stronger form of controllability than DC for DTNUs, time-based dynamic controllability (TDC), and present a tree search approach to determine whether or not a DTNU is TDC. Moreover, we leverage the learning capability of a message passing neural network (MPNN) as a heuristic for tree search guidance. Finally, we conduct experiments for which the tree search shows superior results to state-of-the-art timed-game automata (TGA) based approaches. We observe that using an MPNN for tree search guidance leads to a significant increase in solving performance and scalability to harder DTNU problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimal Solving of Constrained Path-Planning Problems with Graph Convolutional Networks and Optimized Tree Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01036">arxiv:2108.01036</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kevin Osanlou, Andrei Bursuc, Christophe Guettier, Tristan Cazenave, Eric Jacopin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning-based methods are growing prominence for planning purposes. However, there are very few approaches for learning-assisted constrained path-planning on graphs, while there are multiple downstream practical applications. This is the case for constrained path-planning for Autonomous Unmanned Ground Vehicles (AUGV), typically deployed in disaster relief or search and rescue applications. In off-road environments, the AUGV must dynamically optimize a source-destination path under various operational constraints, out of which several are difficult to predict in advance and need to be addressed on-line. We propose a hybrid solving planner that combines machine learning models and an optimal solver. More specifically, a graph convolutional network (GCN) is used to assist a branch and bound (B&B) algorithm in handling the constraints. We conduct experiments on realistic scenarios and show that GCN support enables substantial speedup and smoother scaling to harder problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bringing AI pipelines onto cloud-HPC: setting a baseline for accuracy of COVID-19 AI diagnosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01033">arxiv:2108.01033</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Iacopo Colonnelli, Barbara Cantalupo, Concetto Spampinato, Matteo Pennisi, Marco Aldinucci</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** HPC is an enabling platform for AI. The introduction of AI workloads in the HPC applications basket has non-trivial consequences both on the way of designing AI applications and on the way of providing HPC computing. This is the leitmotif of the convergence between HPC and AI. The formalized definition of AI pipelines is one of the milestones of HPC-AI convergence. If well conducted, it allows, on the one hand, to obtain portable and scalable applications. On the other hand, it is crucial for the reproducibility of scientific pipelines. In this work, we advocate the StreamFlow Workflow Management System as a crucial ingredient to define a parametric pipeline, called "CLAIRE COVID-19 Universal Pipeline," which is able to explore the optimization space of methods to classify COVID-19 lung lesions from CT scans, compare them for accuracy, and therefore set a performance baseline. The universal pipeline automatizes the training of many different Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) and many different hyperparameters. It, therefore, requires a massive computing power, which is found in traditional HPC infrastructure thanks to the portability-by-design of pipelines designed with StreamFlow. Using the universal pipeline, we identified a DNN reaching over 90% accuracy in detecting COVID-19 lesions in CT scans.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning off-road maneuver plans for autonomous vehicles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01021">arxiv:2108.01021</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kevin Osanlou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This thesis explores the benefits machine learning algorithms can bring to online planning and scheduling for autonomous vehicles in off-road situations. Mainly, we focus on typical problems of interest which include computing itineraries that meet certain objectives, as well as computing scheduling strategies to execute synchronized maneuvers with other vehicles. We present a range of learning-based heuristics to assist different itinerary planners. We show that these heuristics allow a significant increase in performance for optimal planners. Furthermore, in the case of approximate planning, we show that not only does the running time decrease, the quality of the itinerary found also becomes almost always better. Finally, in order to synthesize strategies to execute synchronized maneuvers, we propose a novel type of scheduling controllability and a learning-assisted algorithm. The proposed framework achieves significant improvement on known benchmarks in this controllability type over the performance of state-of-the-art works in a related controllability type. Moreover, it is able to find strategies on complex scheduling problems for which previous works fail to do so.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Constrained Shortest Path Search with Graph Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00978">arxiv:2108.00978</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kevin Osanlou, Christophe Guettier, Andrei Bursuc, Tristan Cazenave, Eric Jacopin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Planning for Autonomous Unmanned Ground Vehicles (AUGV) is still a challenge, especially in difficult, off-road, critical situations. Automatic planning can be used to reach mission objectives, to perform navigation or maneuvers. Most of the time, the problem consists in finding a path from a source to a destination, while satisfying some operational constraints. In a graph without negative cycles, the computation of the single-pair shortest path from a start node to an end node is solved in polynomial time. Additional constraints on the solution path can however make the problem harder to solve. This becomes the case when we need the path to pass through a few mandatory nodes without requiring a specific order of visit. The complexity grows exponentially with the number of mandatory nodes to visit. In this paper, we focus on shortest path search with mandatory nodes on a given connected graph. We propose a hybrid model that combines a constraint-based solver and a graph convolutional neural network to improve search performance. Promising results are obtained on realistic scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multilevel Knowledge Transfer for Cross-Domain Object Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00977">arxiv:2108.00977</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Botos Csaba, Xiaojuan Qi, Arslan Chaudhry, Puneet Dokania, Philip Torr</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Domain shift is a well known problem where a model trained on a particular domain (source) does not perform well when exposed to samples from a different domain (target). Unsupervised methods that can adapt to domain shift are highly desirable as they allow effective utilization of the source data without requiring additional annotated training data from the target. Practically, obtaining sufficient amount of annotated data from the target domain can be both infeasible and extremely expensive. In this work, we address the domain shift problem for the object detection task. Our approach relies on gradually removing the domain shift between the source and the target domains. The key ingredients to our approach are -- (a) mapping the source to the target domain on pixel-level; (b) training a teacher network on the mapped source and the unannotated target domain using adversarial feature alignment; and (c) finally training a student network using the pseudo-labels obtained from the teacher. Experimentally, when tested on challenging scenarios involving domain shift, we consistently obtain significantly large performance gains over various recent state of the art approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Applied Deep Learning Approach for Estimating Soybean Relative Maturity from UAV Imagery to Aid Plant Breeding Decisions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00952">arxiv:2108.00952</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Saba Moeinizade, Hieu Pham, Ye Han, Austin Dobbels, Guiping Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For a global breeding organization, identifying the next generation of superior crops is vital for its success. Recognizing new genetic varieties requires years of in-field testing to gather data about the crop's yield, pest resistance, heat resistance, etc. At the conclusion of the growing season, organizations need to determine which varieties will be advanced to the next growing season (or sold to farmers) and which ones will be discarded from the candidate pool. Specifically for soybeans, identifying their relative maturity is a vital piece of information used for advancement decisions. However, this trait needs to be physically observed, and there are resource limitations (time, money, etc.) that bottleneck the data collection process. To combat this, breeding organizations are moving toward advanced image capturing devices. In this paper, we develop a robust and automatic approach for estimating the relative maturity of soybeans using a time series of UAV images. An end-to-end hybrid model combining Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) is proposed to extract features and capture the sequential behavior of time series data. The proposed deep learning model was tested on six different environments across the United States. Results suggest the effectiveness of our proposed CNN-LSTM model compared to the local regression method. Furthermore, we demonstrate how this newfound information can be used to aid in plant breeding advancement decisions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Projective Skip-Connections for Segmentation Along a Subset of Dimensions in Retinal OCT</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00831">arxiv:2108.00831</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Dmitrii Lachinov, Philipp Seeboeck, Julia Mai, Ursula Schmidt-Erfurth, Hrvoje Bogunovic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In medical imaging, there are clinically relevant segmentation tasks where the output mask is a projection to a subset of input image dimensions. In this work, we propose a novel convolutional neural network architecture that can effectively learn to produce a lower-dimensional segmentation mask than the input image. The network restores encoded representation only in a subset of input spatial dimensions and keeps the representation unchanged in the others. The newly proposed projective skip-connections allow linking the encoder and decoder in a UNet-like structure. We evaluated the proposed method on two clinically relevant tasks in retinal Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT): geographic atrophy and retinal blood vessel segmentation. The proposed method outperformed the current state-of-the-art approaches on all the OCT datasets used, consisting of 3D volumes and corresponding 2D en-face masks. The proposed architecture fills the methodological gap between image classification and ND image segmentation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Robust Object Detection: Bayesian RetinaNet for Homoscedastic Aleatoric Uncertainty Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00784">arxiv:2108.00784</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Natalia Khanzhina, Alexey Lapenok, Andrey Filchenkov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** According to recent studies, commonly used computer vision datasets contain about 4% of label errors. For example, the COCO dataset is known for its high level of noise in data labels, which limits its use for training robust neural deep architectures in a real-world scenario. To model such a noise, in this paper we have proposed the homoscedastic aleatoric uncertainty estimation, and present a series of novel loss functions to address the problem of image object detection at scale. Specifically, the proposed functions are based on Bayesian inference and we have incorporated them into the common community-adopted object detection deep learning architecture RetinaNet. We have also shown that modeling of homoscedastic aleatoric uncertainty using our novel functions allows to increase the model interpretability and to improve the object detection performance being evaluated on the COCO dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Angle Based Feature Learning in GNN for 3D Object Detection using Point Cloud</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00780">arxiv:2108.00780</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Md Afzal Ansari, Md Meraz, Pavan Chakraborty, Mohammed Javed</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present new feature encoding methods for Detection of 3D objects in point clouds. We used a graph neural network (GNN) for Detection of 3D objects namely cars, pedestrians, and cyclists. Feature encoding is one of the important steps in Detection of 3D objects. The dataset used is point cloud data which is irregular and unstructured and it needs to be encoded in such a way that ensures better feature encapsulation. Earlier works have used relative distance as one of the methods to encode the features. These methods are not resistant to rotation variance problems in Graph Neural Networks. We have included angular-based measures while performing feature encoding in graph neural networks. Along with that, we have performed a comparison between other methods like Absolute, Relative, Euclidean distances, and a combination of the Angle and Relative methods. The model is trained and evaluated on the subset of the KITTI object detection benchmark dataset under resource constraints. Our results demonstrate that a combination of angle measures and relative distance has performed better than other methods. In comparison to the baseline method(relative), it achieved better performance. We also performed time analysis of various feature encoding methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Experimental Urban Case Study with Various Data Sources and a Model for Traffic Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.07698">arxiv:2108.07698</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alexander Genser, Noel Hautle, Michail Makridis, Anastasios Kouvelas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate estimation of the traffic state over a network is essential since it is the starting point for designing and implementing any traffic management strategy. Hence, traffic operators and users of a transportation network can make reliable decisions such as influence/change route or mode choice. However, the problem of traffic state estimation from various sensors within an urban environment is very complex for several different reasons, such as availability of sensors, different noise levels, different output quantities, sensor accuracy, heterogeneous data fusion, and many more. To provide a better understanding of this problem, we organized an experimental campaign with video measurement in an area within the urban network of Zurich, Switzerland. We focus on capturing the traffic state in terms of traffic flow and travel times by ensuring measurements from established thermal cameras by the city's authorities, processed video data, and the Google Distance Matrix. We assess the different data sources, and we propose a simple yet efficient Multiple Linear Regression (MLR) model to estimate travel times with fusion of various data sources. Comparative results with ground-truth data (derived from video measurements) show the efficiency and robustness of the proposed methodology.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Importance of Domain-specific Explanations in AI-based Cybersecurity Systems (Technical Report)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.02006">arxiv:2108.02006</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jose N. Paredes, Juan Carlos L. Teze, Gerardo I. Simari, Maria Vanina Martinez</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the availability of large datasets and ever-increasing computing power, there has been a growing use of data-driven artificial intelligence systems, which have shown their potential for successful application in diverse areas. However, many of these systems are not able to provide information about the rationale behind their decisions to their users. Lack of understanding of such decisions can be a major drawback, especially in critical domains such as those related to cybersecurity. In light of this problem, in this paper we make three contributions: (i) proposal and discussion of desiderata for the explanation of outputs generated by AI-based cybersecurity systems; (ii) a comparative analysis of approaches in the literature on Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) under the lens of both our desiderata and further dimensions that are typically used for examining XAI approaches; and (iii) a general architecture that can serve as a roadmap for guiding research efforts towards the development of explainable AI-based cybersecurity systems -- at its core, this roadmap proposes combinations of several research lines in a novel way towards tackling the unique challenges that arise in this context.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Process Mining Model to Predict Mortality in Paralytic Ileus Patients</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01267">arxiv:2108.01267</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Maryam Pishgar, Martha Razo, Julian Theis, Houshang Darabi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Paralytic Ileus (PI) patients are at high risk of death when admitted to the Intensive care unit (ICU), with mortality as high as 40\%. There is minimal research concerning PI patient mortality prediction. There is a need for more accurate prediction modeling for ICU patients diagnosed with PI. This paper demonstrates performance improvements in predicting the mortality of ICU patients diagnosed with PI after 24 hours of being admitted. The proposed framework, PMPI(Process Mining Model to predict mortality of PI patients), is a modification of the work used for prediction of in-hospital mortality for ICU patients with diabetes. PMPI demonstrates similar if not better performance with an Area under the ROC Curve (AUC) score of 0.82 compared to the best results of the existing literature. PMPI uses patient medical history, the time related to the events, and demographic information for prediction. The PMPI prediction framework has the potential to help medical teams in making better decisions for treatment and care for ICU patients with PI to increase their life expectancy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Desk Organization: Effect of Multimodal Inputs on Spatial Relational Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01254">arxiv:2108.01254</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ryan Rowe, Shivam Singhal, Daqing Yi, Tapomayukh Bhattacharjee, Siddhartha S. Srinivasa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For robots to operate in a three dimensional world and interact with humans, learning spatial relationships among objects in the surrounding is necessary. Reasoning about the state of the world requires inputs from many different sensory modalities including vision ($V$) and haptics ($H$). We examine the problem of desk organization: learning how humans spatially position different objects on a planar surface according to organizational ''preference''. We model this problem by examining how humans position objects given multiple features received from vision and haptic modalities. However, organizational habits vary greatly between people both in structure and adherence. To deal with user organizational preferences, we add an additional modality, ''utility'' ($U$), which informs on a particular human's perceived usefulness of a given object. Models were trained as generalized (over many different people) or tailored (per person). We use two types of models: random forests, which focus on precise multi-task classification, and Markov logic networks, which provide an easily interpretable insight into organizational habits. The models were applied to both synthetic data, which proved to be learnable when using fixed organizational constraints, and human-study data, on which the random forest achieved over 90% accuracy. Over all combinations of $\{H, U, V\}$ modalities, $UV$ and $HUV$ were the most informative for organization. In a follow-up study, we gauged participants preference of desk organizations by a generalized random forest organization vs. by a random model. On average, participants rated the random forest models as 4.15 on a 5-point Likert scale compared to 1.84 for the random model

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Your fairness may vary: Group fairness of pretrained language models in toxic text classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01250">arxiv:2108.01250</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ioana Baldini, Dennis Wei, Karthikeyan Natesan Ramamurthy, Mikhail Yurochkin, Moninder Singh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the performance-fairness trade-off in more than a dozen fine-tuned LMs for toxic text classification. We empirically show that no blanket statement can be made with respect to the bias of large versus regular versus compressed models. Moreover, we find that focusing on fairness-agnostic performance metrics can lead to models with varied fairness characteristics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hybrid Classical-Quantum Deep Learning Models for Autonomous Vehicle Traffic Image Classification Under Adversarial Attack</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01125">arxiv:2108.01125</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Reek Majumder, Sakib Mahmud Khan, Fahim Ahmed, Zadid Khan, Frank Ngeni, Gurcan Comert, Judith Mwakalonge, Dimitra Michalaka, Mashrur Chowdhury</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image classification must work for autonomous vehicles (AV) operating on public roads, and actions performed based on image misclassification can have serious consequences. Traffic sign images can be misclassified by an adversarial attack on machine learning models used by AVs for traffic sign recognition. To make classification models resilient against adversarial attacks, we used a hybrid deep-learning model with both the quantum and classical layers. Our goal is to study the hybrid deep-learning architecture for classical-quantum transfer learning models to support the current era of intermediate-scale quantum technology. We have evaluated the impacts of various white box adversarial attacks on these hybrid models. The classical part of hybrid models includes a convolution network from the pre-trained Resnet18 model, which extracts informative features from a high dimensional LISA traffic sign image dataset. The output from the classical processor is processed further through the quantum layer, which is composed of various quantum gates and provides support to various quantum mechanical features like entanglement and superposition. We have tested multiple combinations of quantum circuits to provide better classification accuracy with decreasing training data and found better resiliency for our hybrid classical-quantum deep learning model during attacks compared to the classical-only machine learning models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convergence rates of deep ReLU networks for multiclass classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00969">arxiv:2108.00969</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Thijs Bos, Johannes Schmidt-Hieber</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For classification problems, trained deep neural networks return probabilities of class memberships. In this work we study convergence of the learned probabilities to the true conditional class probabilities. More specifically we consider sparse deep ReLU network reconstructions minimizing cross-entropy loss in the multiclass classification setup. Interesting phenomena occur when the class membership probabilities are close to zero. Convergence rates are derived that depend on the near-zero behaviour via a margin-type condition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Machine Learning Constructives and Local Searches for the Travelling Salesman Problem</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00938">arxiv:2108.00938</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tommaso Vitali, Umberto Junior Mele, Luca Maria Gambardella, Roberto Montemanni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The ML-Constructive heuristic is a recently presented method and the first hybrid method capable of scaling up to real scale traveling salesman problems. It combines machine learning techniques and classic optimization techniques. In this paper we present improvements to the computational weight of the original deep learning model. In addition, as simpler models reduce the execution time, the possibility of adding a local-search phase is explored to further improve performance. Experimental results corroborate the quality of the proposed improvements.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Communication-Efficient Federated Learning via Predictive Coding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00918">arxiv:2108.00918</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kai Yue, Richeng Jin, Chau-Wai Wong, Huaiyu Dai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning can enable remote workers to collaboratively train a shared machine learning model while allowing training data to be kept locally. In the use case of wireless mobile devices, the communication overhead is a critical bottleneck due to limited power and bandwidth. Prior work has utilized various data compression tools such as quantization and sparsification to reduce the overhead. In this paper, we propose a predictive coding based communication scheme for federated learning. The scheme has shared prediction functions among all devices and allows each worker to transmit a compressed residual vector derived from the reference. In each communication round, we select the predictor and quantizer based on the rate-distortion cost, and further reduce the redundancy with entropy coding. Extensive simulations reveal that the communication cost can be reduced up to 99% with even better learning performance when compared with other baseline methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sequential Multivariate Change Detection with Calibrated and Memoryless False Detection Rates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00883">arxiv:2108.00883</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Oliver Cobb, Arnaud Van Looveren, Janis Klaise</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Responding appropriately to the detections of a sequential change detector requires knowledge of the rate at which false positives occur in the absence of change. When the pre-change and post-change distributions are unknown, setting detection thresholds to achieve a desired false positive rate is challenging, even when there exists a large number of samples from the reference distribution. Existing works resort to setting time-invariant thresholds that focus on the expected runtime of the detector in the absence of change, either bounding it loosely from below or targeting it directly but with asymptotic arguments that we show cause significant miscalibration in practice. We present a simulation-based approach to setting time-varying thresholds that allows a desired expected runtime to be targeted with a 20x reduction in miscalibration whilst additionally keeping the false positive rate constant across time steps. Whilst the approach to threshold setting is metric agnostic, we show that when using the popular and powerful quadratic time MMD estimator, thoughtful structuring of the computation can reduce the cost during configuration from $O(N^2B)$ to $O(N^2+NB)$ and during operation from $O(N^2)$ to $O(N)$, where $N$ is the number of reference samples and $B$ the number of bootstrap samples. Code is made available as part of the open-source Python library \texttt{alibi-detect}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Domain Adaptation for Autoencoder-Based End-to-End Communication Over Wireless Channels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00874">arxiv:2108.00874</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jayaram Raghuram, Yijing Zeng, Dolores García Martí, Somesh Jha, Suman Banerjee, Joerg Widmer, Rafael Ruiz Ortiz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The problem of domain adaptation conventionally considers the setting where a source domain has plenty of labeled data, and a target domain (with a different data distribution) has plenty of unlabeled data but none or very limited labeled data. In this paper, we address the setting where the target domain has only limited labeled data from a distribution that is expected to change frequently. We first propose a fast and light-weight method for adapting a Gaussian mixture density network (MDN) using only a small set of target domain samples. This method is well-suited for the setting where the distribution of target data changes rapidly (e.g., a wireless channel), making it challenging to collect a large number of samples and retrain. We then apply the proposed MDN adaptation method to the problem of end-of-end learning of a wireless communication autoencoder. A communication autoencoder models the encoder, decoder, and the channel using neural networks, and learns them jointly to minimize the overall decoding error rate. However, the error rate of an autoencoder trained on a particular (source) channel distribution can degrade as the channel distribution changes frequently, not allowing enough time for data collection and retraining of the autoencoder to the target channel distribution. We propose a method for adapting the autoencoder without modifying the encoder and decoder neural networks, and adapting only the MDN model of the channel. The method utilizes feature transformations at the decoder to compensate for changes in the channel distribution, and effectively present to the decoder samples close to the source distribution. Experimental evaluation on simulated datasets and real mmWave wireless channels demonstrate that the proposed methods can quickly adapt the MDN model, and improve or maintain the error rate of the autoencoder under changing channel conditions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Attacks Against Deep Reinforcement Learning Framework in Internet of Vehicles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00833">arxiv:2108.00833</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anum Talpur, Mohan Gurusamy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning (ML) has made incredible impacts and transformations in a wide range of vehicular applications. As the use of ML in Internet of Vehicles (IoV) continues to advance, adversarial threats and their impact have become an important subject of research worth exploring. In this paper, we focus on Sybil-based adversarial threats against a deep reinforcement learning (DRL)-assisted IoV framework and more specifically, DRL-based dynamic service placement in IoV. We carry out an experimental study with real vehicle trajectories to analyze the impact on service delay and resource congestion under different attack scenarios for the DRL-based dynamic service placement application. We further investigate the impact of the proportion of Sybil-attacked vehicles in the network. The results demonstrate that the performance is significantly affected by Sybil-based data poisoning attacks when compared to adversary-free healthy network scenario.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Relation Aware Semi-autoregressive Semantic Parsing for NL2SQL</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00804">arxiv:2108.00804</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Junyang Huang, Yongbo Wang, Yongliang Wang, Yang Dong, Yanghua Xiao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Natural language to SQL (NL2SQL) aims to parse a natural language with a given database into a SQL query, which widely appears in practical Internet applications. Jointly encode database schema and question utterance is a difficult but important task in NL2SQL. One solution is to treat the input as a heterogeneous graph. However, it failed to learn good word representation in question utterance. Learning better word representation is important for constructing a well-designed NL2SQL system. To solve the challenging task, we present a Relation aware Semi-autogressive Semantic Parsing (\MODN) ~framework, which is more adaptable for NL2SQL. It first learns relation embedding over the schema entities and question words with predefined schema relations with ELECTRA and relation aware transformer layer as backbone. Then we decode the query SQL with a semi-autoregressive parser and predefined SQL syntax. From empirical results and case study, our model shows its effectiveness in learning better word representation in NL2SQL.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalization Properties of Stochastic Optimizers via Trajectory Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00781">arxiv:2108.00781</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Liam Hodgkinson, Umut Şimşekli, Rajiv Khanna, Michael W. Mahoney</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the ubiquitous use of stochastic optimization algorithms in machine learning, the precise impact of these algorithms on generalization performance in realistic non-convex settings is still poorly understood. In this paper, we provide an encompassing theoretical framework for investigating the generalization properties of stochastic optimizers, which is based on their dynamics. We first prove a generalization bound attributable to the optimizer dynamics in terms of the celebrated Fernique-Talagrand functional applied to the trajectory of the optimizer. This data- and algorithm-dependent bound is shown to be the sharpest possible in the absence of further assumptions. We then specialize this result by exploiting the Markovian structure of stochastic optimizers, deriving generalization bounds in terms of the (data-dependent) transition kernels associated with the optimization algorithms. In line with recent work that has revealed connections between generalization and heavy-tailed behavior in stochastic optimization, we link the generalization error to the local tail behavior of the transition kernels. We illustrate that the local power-law exponent of the kernel acts as an effective dimension, which decreases as the transitions become "less Gaussian". We support our theory with empirical results from a variety of neural networks, and we show that both the Fernique-Talagrand functional and the local power-law exponent are predictive of generalization performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Random Matrix Perspective on Random Tensors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00774">arxiv:2108.00774</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>José Henrique de Morais Goulart, Romain Couillet, Pierre Comon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tensor models play an increasingly prominent role in many fields, notably in machine learning. In several applications of such models, such as community detection, topic modeling and Gaussian mixture learning, one must estimate a low-rank signal from a noisy tensor. Hence, understanding the fundamental limits and the attainable performance of estimators of that signal inevitably calls for the study of random tensors. Substantial progress has been achieved on this subject thanks to recent efforts, under the assumption that the tensor dimensions grow large. Yet, some of the most significant among these results--in particular, a precise characterization of the abrupt phase transition (in terms of signal-to-noise ratio) that governs the performance of the maximum likelihood (ML) estimator of a symmetric rank-one model with Gaussian noise--were derived on the basis of statistical physics ideas, which are not easily accessible to non-experts.
  In this work, we develop a sharply distinct approach, relying instead on standard but powerful tools brought by years of advances in random matrix theory. The key idea is to study the spectra of random matrices arising from contractions of a given random tensor. We show how this gives access to spectral properties of the random tensor itself. In the specific case of a symmetric rank-one model with Gaussian noise, our technique yields a hitherto unknown characterization of the local maximum of the ML problem that is global above the phase transition threshold. This characterization is in terms of a fixed-point equation satisfied by a formula that had only been previously obtained via statistical physics methods. Moreover, our analysis sheds light on certain properties of the landscape of the ML problem in the large-dimensional setting. Our approach is versatile and can be extended to other models, such as asymmetric, non-Gaussian and higher-order ones.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-objective Conflict-based Search Using Safe-interval Path Planning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00745">arxiv:2108.00745</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhongqiang Ren, Sivakumar Rathinam, Howie Choset</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper addresses a generalization of the well known multi-agent path finding (MAPF) problem that optimizes multiple conflicting objectives simultaneously such as travel time and path risk. This generalization, referred to as multi-objective MAPF (MOMAPF), arises in several applications ranging from hazardous material transportation to construction site planning. In this paper, we present a new multi-objective conflict-based search (MO-CBS) approach that relies on a novel multi-objective safe interval path planning (MO-SIPP) algorithm for its low-level search. We first develop the MO-SIPP algorithm, show its properties and then embed it in MO-CBS. We present extensive numerical results to show that (1) there is an order of magnitude improvement in the average low level search time, and (2) a significant improvement in the success rates of finding the Pareto-optimal front can be obtained using the proposed approach in comparison with the state of the art. Finally, we also provide a case study to demonstrate the potential application of the proposed algorithms for construction site planning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multiplicative updates for symmetric-cone factorizations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00740">arxiv:2108.00740</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yong Sheng Soh, Antonios Varvitsiotis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Given a matrix $X\in \mathbb{R}^{m\times n}_+$ with non-negative entries, the cone factorization problem over a cone $\mathcal{K}\subseteq \mathbb{R}^k$ concerns computing $\{ a_1,\ldots, a_{m} \} \subseteq \mathcal{K}$ and $\{ b_1,\ldots, b_{n} \} \subseteq~\mathcal{K}^*$ belonging to its dual so that $X_{ij} = \langle a_i, b_j \rangle$ for all $i\in [m], j\in [n]$. Cone factorizations are fundamental to mathematical optimization as they allow us to express convex bodies as feasible regions of linear conic programs. In this paper, we introduce and analyze the symmetric-cone multiplicative update (SCMU) algorithm for computing cone factorizations when $\mathcal{K}$ is symmetric; i.e., it is self-dual and homogeneous. Symmetric cones are of central interest in mathematical optimization as they provide a common language for studying linear optimization over the nonnegative orthant (linear programs), over the second-order cone (second order cone programs), and over the cone of positive semidefinite matrices (semidefinite programs). The SCMU algorithm is multiplicative in the sense that the iterates are updated by applying a meticulously chosen automorphism of the cone computed using a generalization of the geometric mean to symmetric cones. Using an extension of Lieb's concavity theorem and von Neumann's trace inequality to symmetric cones, we show that the squared loss objective is non-decreasing along the trajectories of the SCMU algorithm. Specialized to the nonnegative orthant, the SCMU algorithm corresponds to the seminal algorithm by Lee and Seung for computing Nonnegative Matrix Factorizations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Orientation-Aware Planning for Parallel Task Execution of Omni-Directional Mobile Robot</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00716">arxiv:2108.00716</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Cheng Gong, Zirui Li, Xingyu Zhou, Jiachen Li, Jianwei Gong, Junhui Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Omni-directional mobile robot (OMR) systems have been very popular in academia and industry for their superb maneuverability and flexibility. Yet their potential has not been fully exploited, where the extra degree of freedom in OMR can potentially enable the robot to carry out extra tasks. For instance, gimbals or sensors on robots may suffer from a limited field of view or be constrained by the inherent mechanical design, which will require the chassis to be orientation-aware and respond in time. To solve this problem and further develop the OMR systems, in this paper, we categorize the tasks related to OMR chassis into orientation transition tasks and position transition tasks, where the two tasks can be carried out at the same time. By integrating the parallel task goals in a single planning problem, we proposed an orientation-aware planning architecture for OMR systems to execute the orientation transition and position transition in a unified and efficient way. A modified trajectory optimization method called orientation-aware timed-elastic-band (OATEB) is introduced to generate the trajectory that satisfies the requirements of both tasks. Experiments in both 2D simulated environments and real scenes are carried out. A four-wheeled OMR is deployed to conduct the real scene experiment and the results demonstrate that the proposed method is capable of simultaneously executing parallel tasks and is applicable to real-life scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Objective Path-Based D* Lite</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00710">arxiv:2108.00710</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhongqiang Ren, Sivakumar Rathinam, Howie Choset</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Incremental graph search algorithms, such as D* Lite, reuse previous search efforts to speed up subsequent similar path planning tasks. These algorithms have demonstrated their efficiency in comparison with search from scratch, and have been leveraged in many applications such as navigation in unknown terrain. On the other hand, path planning typically involves optimizing multiple conflicting objectives simultaneously, such as travel risk, arrival time, etc. Multi-objective path planning is challenging as the number of "Pareto-optimal" solutions can grow exponentially with respect to the size of the graph, which makes it computationally burdensome to plan from scratch each time when similar planning tasks needs to be solved. This article presents a new multi-objective incremental search algorithm called Multi-Objective Path-Based D* Lite (MOPBD*) which reuses previous search efforts to speed up subsequent planning tasks while optimizing multiple objectives. Numerical results show that MOPBD* is more efficient than search from scratch and runs an order of magnitude faster than existing incremental method for multi-objective path planning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Piecewise Linear Units Improve Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00700">arxiv:2108.00700</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jordan Inturrisi, Sui Yang Khoo, Abbas Kouzani, Riccardo Pagliarella</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The activation function is at the heart of a deep neural networks nonlinearity; the choice of the function has great impact on the success of training. Currently, many practitioners prefer the Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU) due to its simplicity and reliability, despite its few drawbacks. While most previous functions proposed to supplant ReLU have been hand-designed, recent work on learning the function during training has shown promising results. In this paper we propose an adaptive piecewise linear activation function, the Piecewise Linear Unit (PiLU), which can be learned independently for each dimension of the neural network. We demonstrate how PiLU is a generalised rectifier unit and note its similarities with the Adaptive Piecewise Linear Units, namely adaptive and piecewise linear. Across a distribution of 30 experiments, we show that for the same model architecture, hyperparameters, and pre-processing, PiLU significantly outperforms ReLU: reducing classification error by 18.53% on CIFAR-10 and 13.13% on CIFAR-100, for a minor increase in the number of neurons. Further work should be dedicated to exploring generalised piecewise linear units, as well as verifying these results across other challenging domains and larger problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bespoke Fractal Sampling Patterns for Discrete Fourier Space via the Kaleidoscope Transform</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00639">arxiv:2108.00639</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jacob M. White, Stuart Crozier, Shekhar S. Chandra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sampling strategies are important for sparse imaging methodologies, especially those employing the discrete Fourier transform (DFT). Chaotic sensing is one such methodology that employs deterministic, fractal sampling in conjunction with finite, iterative reconstruction schemes to form an image from limited samples. Using a sampling pattern constructed entirely from periodic lines in DFT space, chaotic sensing was found to outperform traditional compressed sensing for magnetic resonance imaging; however, only one such sampling pattern was presented and the reason for its fractal nature was not proven. Through the introduction of a novel image transform known as the kaleidoscope transform, which formalises and extends upon the concept of downsampling and concatenating an image with itself, this paper: (1) demonstrates a fundamental relationship between multiplication in modular arithmetic and downsampling; (2) provides a rigorous mathematical explanation for the fractal nature of the sampling pattern in the DFT; and (3) leverages this understanding to develop a collection of novel fractal sampling patterns for the 2D DFT with customisable properties. The ability to design tailor-made fractal sampling patterns expands the utility of the DFT in chaotic imaging and may form the basis for a bespoke chaotic sensing methodology, in which the fractal sampling matches the imaging task for improved reconstruction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Learning-Based Fast Uplink Grant for Massive IoT via Support Vector Machines and Long Short-Term Memory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.10070">arxiv:2108.10070</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Eslam Eldeeb, Mohammad Shehab, Hirley Alves</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The current random access (RA) allocation techniques suffer from congestion and high signaling overhead while serving massive machine type communication (mMTC) applications. To this end, 3GPP introduced the need to use fast uplink grant (FUG) allocation in order to reduce latency and increase reliability for smart internet-of-things (IoT) applications with strict QoS constraints. We propose a novel FUG allocation based on support vector machine (SVM), First, MTC devices are prioritized using SVM classifier. Second, LSTM architecture is used for traffic prediction and correction techniques to overcome prediction errors. Both results are used to achieve an efficient resource scheduler in terms of the average latency and total throughput. A Coupled Markov Modulated Poisson Process (CMMPP) traffic model with mixed alarm and regular traffic is applied to compare the proposed FUG allocation to other existing allocation techniques. In addition, an extended traffic model based CMMPP is used to evaluate the proposed algorithm in a more dense network. We test the proposed scheme using real-time measurement data collected from the Numenta Anomaly Benchmark (NAB) database. Our simulation results show the proposed model outperforms the existing RA allocation schemes by achieving the highest throughput and the lowest access delay of the order of 1 ms by achieving prediction accuracy of 98 $\%$ when serving the target massive and critical MTC applications with a limited number of resources.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Personal Devices for Contact Tracing: Smartphones and Wearables to Fight Covid-19</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.02008">arxiv:2108.02008</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pai Chet Ng, Petros Spachos, Stefano Gregori, Konstantinos Plataniotis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Digital contact tracing has emerged as a viable tool supplementing manual contact tracing. To date, more than 100 contact tracing applications have been published to slow down the spread of highly contagious Covid-19. Despite subtle variabilities among these applications, all of them achieve contact tracing by manipulating the following three components: a) use a personal device to identify the user while designing a secure protocol to anonymize the user's identity; b) leverage networking technologies to analyze and store the data; c) exploit rich sensing features on the user device to detect the interaction among users and thus estimate the exposure risk. This paper reviews the current digital contact tracing based on these three components. We focus on two personal devices that are intimate to the user: smartphones and wearables. We discuss the centralized and decentralized networking approaches that use to facilitate the data flow. Lastly, we investigate the sensing feature available on smartphones and wearables to detect the proximity between any two users and present experiments comparing the proximity sensing performance between these two personal devices.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robustness of convolutional neural networks to physiological ECG noise</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01995">arxiv:2108.01995</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>J. Venton, P. M. Harris, A. Sundar, N. A. S. Smith, P. J. Aston</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The electrocardiogram (ECG) is one of the most widespread diagnostic tools in healthcare and supports the diagnosis of cardiovascular disorders. Deep learning methods are a successful and popular technique to detect indications of disorders from an ECG signal. However, there are open questions around the robustness of these methods to various factors, including physiological ECG noise. In this study we generate clean and noisy versions of an ECG dataset before applying Symmetric Projection Attractor Reconstruction (SPAR) and scalogram image transformations. A pretrained convolutional neural network is trained using transfer learning to classify these image transforms. For the clean ECG dataset, F1 scores for SPAR attractor and scalogram transforms were 0.70 and 0.79, respectively, and the scores decreased by less than 0.05 for the noisy ECG datasets. Notably, when the network trained on clean data was used to classify the noisy datasets, performance decreases of up to 0.18 in F1 scores were seen. However, when the network trained on the noisy data was used to classify the clean dataset, the performance decrease was less than 0.05. We conclude that physiological ECG noise impacts classification using deep learning methods and careful consideration should be given to the inclusion of noisy ECG signals in the training data when developing supervised networks for ECG classification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Hinge-Loss based Codebook Transfer for Cross-Domain Recommendation with Nonoverlapping Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01473">arxiv:2108.01473</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sowmini Devi Veeramachaneni, Arun K Pujari, Vineet Padmanabhan, Vikas Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recommender systems(RS), especially collaborative filtering(CF) based RS, has been playing an important role in many e-commerce applications. As the information being searched over the internet is rapidly increasing, users often face the difficulty of finding items of his/her own interest and RS often provides help in such tasks. Recent studies show that, as the item space increases, and the number of items rated by the users become very less, issues like sparsity arise. To mitigate the sparsity problem, transfer learning techniques are being used wherein the data from dense domain(source) is considered in order to predict the missing entries in the sparse domain(target). In this paper, we propose a transfer learning approach for cross-domain recommendation when both domains have no overlap of users and items. In our approach the transferring of knowledge from source to target domain is done in a novel way. We make use of co-clustering technique to obtain the codebook (cluster-level rating pattern) of source domain. By making use of hinge loss function we transfer the learnt codebook of the source domain to target. The use of hinge loss as a loss function is novel and has not been tried before in transfer learning. We demonstrate that our technique improves the approximation of the target matrix on benchmark datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Taking Cognition Seriously: A generalised physics of cognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01229">arxiv:2108.01229</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sophie Alyx Taylor, Son Cao Tran, Dan V. Nicolau Jr</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The study of complex systems through the lens of category theory consistently proves to be a powerful approach. We propose that cognition deserves the same category-theoretic treatment. We show that by considering a highly-compact cognitive system, there are fundamental physical trade-offs resulting in a utility problem. We then examine how to do this systematically, and propose some requirements for "cognitive categories", before investigating the phenomenona of topological defects in gauge fields over conceptual spaces.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Waveform Selection for Radar Tracking in Target Channels With Memory via Universal Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01181">arxiv:2108.01181</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Charles E. Thornton, R. Michael Buehrer, Anthony F. Martone</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In tracking radar, the sensing environment often varies significantly over a track duration due to the target's trajectory and dynamic interference. Adapting the radar's waveform using partial information about the state of the scene has been shown to provide performance benefits in many practical scenarios. Moreover, radar measurements generally exhibit strong temporal correlation, allowing memory-based learning algorithms to effectively learn waveform selection strategies. This work examines a radar system which builds a compressed model of the radar-environment interface in the form of a context-tree. The radar uses this context tree-based model to select waveforms in a signal-dependent target channel, which may respond adversarially to the radar's strategy. This approach is guaranteed to asymptotically converge to the average-cost optimal policy for any stationary target channel that can be represented as a Markov process of order U < $\infty$, where the constant U is unknown to the radar. The proposed approach is tested in a simulation study, and is shown to provide tracking performance improvements over two state-of-the-art waveform selection schemes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Metodos de Agrupamentos em dois Estagios</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01123">arxiv:2108.01123</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jefferson Souza, Teresa Ludermir</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work investigates the use of two-stage clustering methods. Four techniques were proposed: SOMK, SOMAK, ASCAK and SOINAK. SOMK is composed of a SOM (Self-Organizing Maps) followed by the K-means algorithm, SOMAK is a combination of SOM followed by the Ant K-means (AK) algorithm, ASCAK is composed by the ASCA (Ant System-based Clustering Algorithm) and AK algorithms, SOINAK is composed by the Self-Organizing Incremental Neural Network (SOINN) and AK. SOINAK presented a better performance among the four proposed techniques when applied to pattern recognition problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting user demographics based on interest analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01014">arxiv:2108.01014</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Reza Shafiloo, Marjan Kaedi, Ali Pourmiri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** These days, due to the increasing amount of information generated on the web, most web service providers try to personalize their services. Users also interact with web-based systems in multiple ways and state their interests and preferences by rating the provided items. This paper proposes a framework to predict users' demographic based on ratings registered by users in a system. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that the item ratings are employed for users' demographic prediction problems, which have extensively been studied in recommendation systems and service personalization. We apply the framework to the Movielens dataset's ratings and predict users' age and gender. The experimental results show that using all ratings registered by users improves the prediction accuracy by at least 16% compared with previously studied models. Moreover, by classifying the items as popular and unpopular, we eliminate ratings that belong to 95% of items and still reach an acceptable level of accuracy. This significantly reduces update costs in a time-varying environment. Besides this classification, we propose other methods to reduce data volume while keeping the predictions accurate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AI Techniques for Software Requirements Prioritization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00832">arxiv:2108.00832</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Alexander Felfernig</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Aspects such as limited resources, frequently changing market demands, and different technical restrictions regarding the implementation of software requirements (features) often demand for the prioritization of requirements. The task of prioritization is the ranking and selection of requirements that should be included in future software releases. In this context, an intelligent prioritization decision support is extremely important. The prioritization approaches discussed in this paper are based on different Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques that can help to improve the overall quality of requirements prioritization processes

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The CirCor DigiScope Dataset: From Murmur Detection to Murmur Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00813">arxiv:2108.00813</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jorge Oliveira, Francesco Renna, Paulo Dias Costa, Marcelo Nogueira, Cristina Oliveira, Carlos Ferreira, Alipio Jorge, Sandra Mattos, Thamine Hatem, Thiago Tavares, Andoni Elola, Ali Bahrami Rad, Reza Sameni, Gari D Clifford, Miguel T. Coimbra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cardiac auscultation is one of the most cost-effective techniques used to detect and identify many heart conditions. Computer-assisted decision systems based on auscultation can support physicians in their decisions. Unfortunately, the application of such systems in clinical trials is still minimal since most of them only aim to detect the presence of extra or abnormal waves in the phonocardiogram signal. This is mainly due to the lack of large publicly available datasets, where a more detailed description of such abnormal waves (e.g., cardiac murmurs) exists. As a result, current machine learning algorithms are unable to classify such waves.
  To pave the way to more effective research on healthcare recommendation systems based on auscultation, our team has prepared the currently largest pediatric heart sound dataset. A total of 5282 recordings have been collected from the four main auscultation locations of 1568 patients, in the process 215780 heart sounds have been manually annotated. Furthermore, and for the first time, each cardiac murmur has been manually annotated by an expert annotator according to its timing, shape, pitch, grading and quality. In addition, the auscultation locations where the murmur is present were identified as well as the auscultation location where the murmur is detected more intensively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tensor completion using geodesics on Segre manifolds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00735">arxiv:2108.00735</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Lars Swijsen, Joeri Van der Veken, Nick Vannieuwenhoven</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a Riemannian conjugate gradient (CG) optimization method for finding low rank approximations of incomplete tensors. Our main contribution consists of an explicit expression of the geodesics on the Segre manifold. These are exploited in our algorithm to perform the retractions. We apply our method to movie rating predictions in a recommender system for the MovieLens dataset, and identification of pure fluorophores via fluorescent spectroscopy with missing data. In this last application, we recover the tensor decomposition from less than $10\%$ of the data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rapid Elastic Architecture Search under Specialized Classes and Resource Constraints</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.01224">arxiv:2108.01224</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Jing Liu, Bohan Zhuang, Mingkui Tan, Xu Liu, Dinh Phung, Yuanqing Li, Jianfei Cai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In many real-world applications, we often need to handle various deployment scenarios, where the resource constraint and the superclass of interest corresponding to a group of classes are dynamically specified. How to efficiently deploy deep models for diverse deployment scenarios is a new challenge. Previous NAS approaches seek to design architectures for all classes simultaneously, which may not be optimal for some individual superclasses. A straightforward solution is to search an architecture from scratch for each deployment scenario, which however is computation-intensive and impractical. To address this, we present a novel and general framework, called Elastic Architecture Search (EAS), permitting instant specializations at runtime for diverse superclasses with various resource constraints. To this end, we first propose to effectively train an over-parameterized network via a superclass dropout strategy to disentangle different superclasses during training. In this way, the resulting model is robust to the subsequent superclasses dropping at inference time. Based on the well-trained over-parameterized network, we then propose an efficient architecture generator to obtain promising architectures within a single forward pass. Experiments on three image classification datasets show that EAS is able to find more compact networks with better performance while remarkably being orders of magnitude faster than state-of-the-art NAS methods. For example, our proposed EAS finds compact architectures within 0.1 second for 50 deployment scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Semantic Segmentation with Superpixel-Mix</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00968">arxiv:2108.00968</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Gianni Franchi, Nacim Belkhir, Mai Lan Ha, Yufei Hu, Andrei Bursuc, Volker Blanz, Angela Yao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Along with predictive performance and runtime speed, reliability is a key requirement for real-world semantic segmentation. Reliability encompasses robustness, predictive uncertainty and reduced bias. To improve reliability, we introduce Superpixel-mix, a new superpixel-based data augmentation method with teacher-student consistency training. Unlike other mixing-based augmentation techniques, mixing superpixels between images is aware of object boundaries, while yielding consistent gains in segmentation accuracy. Our proposed technique achieves state-of-the-art results in semi-supervised semantic segmentation on the Cityscapes dataset. Moreover, Superpixel-mix improves the reliability of semantic segmentation by reducing network uncertainty and bias, as confirmed by competitive results under strong distributions shift (adverse weather, image corruptions) and when facing out-of-distribution data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Extending Sticky-Datalog+/- via Finite-Position Selection Functions: Tractability, Algorithms, and Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.00903">arxiv:2108.00903</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Leopoldo Bertossi, Mostafa Milani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Weakly-Sticky(WS) Datalog+/- is an expressive member of the family of Datalog+/- program classes that is defined on the basis of the conditions of stickiness and weak-acyclicity. Conjunctive query answering (QA) over the WS programs has been investigated, and its tractability in data complexity has been established. However, the design and implementation of practical QA algorithms and their optimizations have been open. In order to fill this gap, we first study Sticky and WS programs from the point of view of the behavior of the chase procedure. We extend the stickiness property of the chase to that of generalized stickiness of the chase (GSCh) modulo an oracle that selects (and provides) the predicate positions where finitely values appear during the chase. Stickiness modulo a selection function S that provides only a subset of those positions defines sch(S), a semantic subclass of GSCh. Program classes with selection functions include Sticky and WS, and another syntactic class that we introduce and characterize, namely JWS, of jointly-weakly-sticky programs, which contains WS. The selection functions for these last three classes are computable, and no external, possibly non-computable oracle is needed. We propose a bottom-up QA algorithm for programs in the class sch(S), for a general selection function S. As a particular case, we obtain a polynomial-time QA algorithm for JWS and weakly-sticky programs. Unlike WS, JWS turns out to be closed under magic-sets query optimization. As a consequence, both the generic polynomial-time QA algorithm and its magic-set optimization can be particularized and applied to WS.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-08/2021-08-01.md)
