## Summary for 2021-09-18, created on 2021-12-18


<details><summary><b>Modern Evolution Strategies for Creativity: Fitting Concrete Images and Abstract Concepts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08857">arxiv:2109.08857</a>
&#x1F4C8; 361 <br>
<p>Yingtao Tian, David Ha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Evolutionary algorithms have been used in the digital art scene since the 1970s. A popular application of genetic algorithms is to optimize the procedural placement of vector graphic primitives to resemble a given painting. In recent years, deep learning-based approaches have also been proposed to generate procedural drawings, which can be optimized using gradient descent. In this work, we revisit the use of evolutionary algorithms for computational creativity. We find that modern evolution strategies (ES) algorithms, when tasked with the placement of shapes, offer large improvements in both quality and efficiency compared to traditional genetic algorithms, and even comparable to gradient-based methods. We demonstrate that ES is also well suited at optimizing the placement of shapes to fit the CLIP model, and can produce diverse, distinct geometric abstractions that are aligned with human interpretation of language. Videos and demo: https://es-clip.github.io/

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AirLoop: Lifelong Loop Closure Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08975">arxiv:2109.08975</a>
&#x1F4C8; 32 <br>
<p>Dasong Gao, Chen Wang, Sebastian Scherer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Loop closure detection is an important building block that ensures the accuracy and robustness of simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) systems. Due to their generalization ability, CNN-based approaches have received increasing attention. Although they normally benefit from training on datasets that are diverse and reflective of the environments, new environments often emerge after the model is deployed. It is therefore desirable to incorporate the data newly collected during operation for incremental learning. Nevertheless, simply finetuning the model on new data is infeasible since it may cause the model's performance on previously learned data to degrade over time, which is also known as the problem of catastrophic forgetting. In this paper, we present AirLoop, a method that leverages techniques from lifelong learning to minimize forgetting when training loop closure detection models incrementally. We experimentally demonstrate the effectiveness of AirLoop on TartanAir, Nordland, and RobotCar datasets. To the best of our knowledge, AirLoop is one of the first works to achieve lifelong learning of deep loop closure detectors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Manifold-preserved GANs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08955">arxiv:2109.08955</a>
&#x1F4C8; 28 <br>
<p>Haozhe Liu, Hanbang Liang, Xianxu Hou, Haoqian Wu, Feng Liu, Linlin Shen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been widely adopted in various fields. However, existing GANs generally are not able to preserve the manifold of data space, mainly due to the simple representation of discriminator for the real/generated data. To address such open challenges, this paper proposes Manifold-preserved GANs (MaF-GANs), which generalize Wasserstein GANs into high-dimensional form. Specifically, to improve the representation of data, the discriminator in MaF-GANs is designed to map data into a high-dimensional manifold. Furthermore, to stabilize the training of MaF-GANs, an operation with precise and universal solution for any K-Lipschitz continuity, called Topological Consistency is proposed. The effectiveness of the proposed method is justified by both theoretical analysis and empirical results. When adopting DCGAN as the backbone on CelebA (256*256), the proposed method achieved 12.43 FID, which outperforms the state-of-the-art model like Realness GAN (23.51 FID) by a large margin. Code will be made publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SpeechNAS: Towards Better Trade-off between Latency and Accuracy for Large-Scale Speaker Verification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08839">arxiv:2109.08839</a>
&#x1F4C8; 22 <br>
<p>Wentao Zhu, Tianlong Kong, Shun Lu, Jixiang Li, Dawei Zhang, Feng Deng, Xiaorui Wang, Sen Yang, Ji Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, x-vector has been a successful and popular approach for speaker verification, which employs a time delay neural network (TDNN) and statistics pooling to extract speaker characterizing embedding from variable-length utterances. Improvement upon the x-vector has been an active research area, and enormous neural networks have been elaborately designed based on the x-vector, eg, extended TDNN (E-TDNN), factorized TDNN (F-TDNN), and densely connected TDNN (D-TDNN). In this work, we try to identify the optimal architectures from a TDNN based search space employing neural architecture search (NAS), named SpeechNAS. Leveraging the recent advances in the speaker recognition, such as high-order statistics pooling, multi-branch mechanism, D-TDNN and angular additive margin softmax (AAM) loss with a minimum hyper-spherical energy (MHE), SpeechNAS automatically discovers five network architectures, from SpeechNAS-1 to SpeechNAS-5, of various numbers of parameters and GFLOPs on the large-scale text-independent speaker recognition dataset VoxCeleb1. Our derived best neural network achieves an equal error rate (EER) of 1.02% on the standard test set of VoxCeleb1, which surpasses previous TDNN based state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin. Code and trained weights are in https://github.com/wentaozhu/speechnas.git

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Machine Learning Pipeline to Examine Political Bias with Congressional Speeches</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09014">arxiv:2109.09014</a>
&#x1F4C8; 21 <br>
<p>Prasad hajare, Sadia Kamal, Siddharth Krishnan, Arunkumar Bagavathi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computational methods to model political bias in social media involve several challenges due to heterogeneity, high-dimensional, multiple modalities, and the scale of the data. Political bias in social media has been studied in multiple viewpoints like media bias, political ideology, echo chambers, and controversies using machine learning pipelines. Most of the current methods rely heavily on the manually-labeled ground-truth data for the underlying political bias prediction tasks. Limitations of such methods include human-intensive labeling, labels related to only a specific problem, and the inability to determine the near future bias state of a social media conversation. In this work, we address such problems and give machine learning approaches to study political bias in two ideologically diverse social media forums: Gab and Twitter without the availability of human-annotated data. Our proposed methods exploit the use of transcripts collected from political speeches in US congress to label the data and achieve the highest accuracy of 70.5% and 65.1% in Twitter and Gab data respectively to predict political bias. We also present a machine learning approach that combines features from cascades and text to forecast cascade's political bias with an accuracy of about 85%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Augmenting semantic lexicons using word embeddings and transfer learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09010">arxiv:2109.09010</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Thayer Alshaabi, Colin M. Van Oort, Mikaela Irene Fudolig, Michael V. Arnold, Christopher M. Danforth, Peter Sheridan Dodds</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sentiment-aware intelligent systems are essential to a wide array of applications. These systems are driven by language models which broadly fall into two paradigms: Lexicon-based and contextual. Although recent contextual models are increasingly dominant, we still see demand for lexicon-based models because of their interpretability and ease of use. For example, lexicon-based models allow researchers to readily determine which words and phrases contribute most to a change in measured sentiment. A challenge for any lexicon-based approach is that the lexicon needs to be routinely expanded with new words and expressions. Here, we propose two models for automatic lexicon expansion. Our first model establishes a baseline employing a simple and shallow neural network initialized with pre-trained word embeddings using a non-contextual approach. Our second model improves upon our baseline, featuring a deep Transformer-based network that brings to bear word definitions to estimate their lexical polarity. Our evaluation shows that both models are able to score new words with a similar accuracy to reviewers from Amazon Mechanical Turk, but at a fraction of the cost.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Atrial Fibrillation: A Medical and Technological Review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08974">arxiv:2109.08974</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Samayan Bhattacharya, Sk Shahnawaz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Atrial Fibrillation (AF) is the most common type of arrhythmia (Greek a-, loss + rhythmos, rhythm = loss of rhythm) leading to hospitalization in the United States. Though sometimes AF is asymptomatic, it increases the risk of stroke and heart failure in patients, in addition to lowering the health-related quality of life (HRQOL). AF-related care costs the healthcare system between $6.0 to $26 billion each year. Early detection of AF and clinical attention can help improve symptoms and HRQOL of the patient, as well as bring down the cost of care. However, the prevalent paradigm of AF detection depends on electrocardiogram (ECG) recorded at a single point in time and does not shed light on the relation of the symptoms with heart rhythm or AF. In the recent decade, due to the democratization of health monitors and the advent of high-performing computers, Machine Learning algorithms have been proven effective in identifying AF, from the ECG of patients. This paper provides an overview of the symptoms of AF, its diagnosis, and future prospects for research in the field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computational Imaging and Artificial Intelligence: The Next Revolution of Mobile Vision</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08880">arxiv:2109.08880</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Jinli Suo, Weihang Zhang, Jin Gong, Xin Yuan, David J. Brady, Qionghai Dai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Signal capture stands in the forefront to perceive and understand the environment and thus imaging plays the pivotal role in mobile vision. Recent explosive progresses in Artificial Intelligence (AI) have shown great potential to develop advanced mobile platforms with new imaging devices. Traditional imaging systems based on the "capturing images first and processing afterwards" mechanism cannot meet this unprecedented demand. Differently, Computational Imaging (CI) systems are designed to capture high-dimensional data in an encoded manner to provide more information for mobile vision systems.Thanks to AI, CI can now be used in real systems by integrating deep learning algorithms into the mobile vision platform to achieve the closed loop of intelligent acquisition, processing and decision making, thus leading to the next revolution of mobile vision.Starting from the history of mobile vision using digital cameras, this work first introduces the advances of CI in diverse applications and then conducts a comprehensive review of current research topics combining CI and AI. Motivated by the fact that most existing studies only loosely connect CI and AI (usually using AI to improve the performance of CI and only limited works have deeply connected them), in this work, we propose a framework to deeply integrate CI and AI by using the example of self-driving vehicles with high-speed communication, edge computing and traffic planning. Finally, we outlook the future of CI plus AI by investigating new materials, brain science and new computing techniques to shed light on new directions of mobile vision systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Unreasonable Effectiveness of the Final Batch Normalization Layer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09016">arxiv:2109.09016</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Veysel Kocaman, Ofer M. Shir, Thomas Baeck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Early-stage disease indications are rarely recorded in real-world domains, such as Agriculture and Healthcare, and yet, their accurate identification is critical in that point of time. In this type of highly imbalanced classification problems, which encompass complex features, deep learning (DL) is much needed because of its strong detection capabilities. At the same time, DL is observed in practice to favor majority over minority classes and consequently suffer from inaccurate detection of the targeted early-stage indications. In this work, we extend the study done by Kocaman et al., 2020, showing that the final BN layer, when placed before the softmax output layer, has a considerable impact in highly imbalanced image classification problems as well as undermines the role of the softmax outputs as an uncertainty measure. This current study addresses additional hypotheses and reports on the following findings: (i) the performance gain after adding the final BN layer in highly imbalanced settings could still be achieved after removing this additional BN layer in inference; (ii) there is a certain threshold for the imbalance ratio upon which the progress gained by the final BN layer reaches its peak; (iii) the batch size also plays a role and affects the outcome of the final BN application; (iv) the impact of the BN application is also reproducible on other datasets and when utilizing much simpler neural architectures; (v) the reported BN effect occurs only per a single majority class and multiple minority classes i.e., no improvements are evident when there are two majority classes; and finally, (vi) utilizing this BN layer with sigmoid activation has almost no impact when dealing with a strongly imbalanced image classification tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Human Recognition based on Retinal Bifurcations and Modified Correlation Function</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08977">arxiv:2109.08977</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Amin Dehghani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nowadays high security is an important issue for most of the secure places and recent advances increase the needs of high-security systems. Therefore, needs to high security for controlling and permitting the allowable people to enter the high secure places, increases and extends the use of conventional recognition methods. Therefore, a novel identification method using retinal images is proposed in this paper. For this purpose, new mathematical functions are applied on corners and bifurcations. To evaluate the proposed method we use 40 retinal images from the DRIVE database, 20 normal retinal image from STARE database and 140 normal retinal images from local collected database and the accuracy rate is 99.34 percent.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Text Detoxification using Large Pre-trained Neural Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08914">arxiv:2109.08914</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>David Dale, Anton Voronov, Daryna Dementieva, Varvara Logacheva, Olga Kozlova, Nikita Semenov, Alexander Panchenko</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present two novel unsupervised methods for eliminating toxicity in text. Our first method combines two recent ideas: (1) guidance of the generation process with small style-conditional language models and (2) use of paraphrasing models to perform style transfer. We use a well-performing paraphraser guided by style-trained language models to keep the text content and remove toxicity. Our second method uses BERT to replace toxic words with their non-offensive synonyms. We make the method more flexible by enabling BERT to replace mask tokens with a variable number of words. Finally, we present the first large-scale comparative study of style transfer models on the task of toxicity removal. We compare our models with a number of methods for style transfer. The models are evaluated in a reference-free way using a combination of unsupervised style transfer metrics. Both methods we suggest yield new SOTA results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MetaMedSeg: Volumetric Meta-learning for Few-Shot Organ Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09734">arxiv:2109.09734</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Anastasia Makarevich, Azade Farshad, Vasileios Belagiannis, Nassir Navab</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The lack of sufficient annotated image data is a common issue in medical image segmentation. For some organs and densities, the annotation may be scarce, leading to poor model training convergence, while other organs have plenty of annotated data. In this work, we present MetaMedSeg, a gradient-based meta-learning algorithm that redefines the meta-learning task for the volumetric medical data with the goal to capture the variety between the slices. We also explore different weighting schemes for gradients aggregation, arguing that different tasks might have different complexity, and hence, contribute differently to the initialization. We propose an importance-aware weighting scheme to train our model. In the experiments, we present an evaluation of the medical decathlon dataset by extracting 2D slices from CT and MRI volumes of different organs and performing semantic segmentation. The results show that our proposed volumetric task definition leads to up to 30% improvement in terms of IoU compared to related baselines. The proposed update rule is also shown to improve the performance for complex scenarios where the data distribution of the target organ is very different from the source organs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Random Multi-Channel Image Synthesis for Multiplexed Immunofluorescence Imaging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09004">arxiv:2109.09004</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Shunxing Bao, Yucheng Tang, Ho Hin Lee, Riqiang Gao, Sophie Chiron, Ilwoo Lyu, Lori A. Coburn, Keith T. Wilson, Joseph T. Roland, Bennett A. Landman, Yuankai Huo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multiplex immunofluorescence (MxIF) is an emerging imaging technique that produces the high sensitivity and specificity of single-cell mapping. With a tenet of 'seeing is believing', MxIF enables iterative staining and imaging extensive antibodies, which provides comprehensive biomarkers to segment and group different cells on a single tissue section. However, considerable depletion of the scarce tissue is inevitable from extensive rounds of staining and bleaching ('missing tissue'). Moreover, the immunofluorescence (IF) imaging can globally fail for particular rounds ('missing stain''). In this work, we focus on the 'missing stain' issue. It would be appealing to develop digital image synthesis approaches to restore missing stain images without losing more tissue physically. Herein, we aim to develop image synthesis approaches for eleven MxIF structural molecular markers (i.e., epithelial and stromal) on real samples. We propose a novel multi-channel high-resolution image synthesis approach, called pixN2N-HD, to tackle possible missing stain scenarios via a high-resolution generative adversarial network (GAN). Our contribution is three-fold: (1) a single deep network framework is proposed to tackle missing stain in MxIF; (2) the proposed 'N-to-N' strategy reduces theoretical four years of computational time to 20 hours when covering all possible missing stains scenarios, with up to five missing stains (e.g., '(N-1)-to-1', '(N-2)-to-2'); and (3) this work is the first comprehensive experimental study of investigating cross-stain synthesis in MxIF. Our results elucidate a promising direction of advancing MxIF imaging with deep image synthesis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Underwater Image Enhancement Using Convolutional Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08916">arxiv:2109.08916</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Anushka Yadav, Mayank Upadhyay, Ghanapriya Singh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work proposes a method for underwater image enhancement using the principle of histogram equalization. Since underwater images have a global strong dominant colour, their colourfulness and contrast are often degraded. Before applying the histogram equalisation technique on the image, the image is converted from coloured image to a gray scale image for further operations. Histogram equalization is a technique for adjusting image intensities to enhance contrast. The colours of the image are retained using a convolutional neural network model which is trained by the datasets of underwater images to give better results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A two-step machine learning approach for crop disease detection: an application of GAN and UAV technology</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.11066">arxiv:2109.11066</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Aaditya Prasad, Nikhil Mehta, Matthew Horak, Wan D. Bae</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automated plant diagnosis is a technology that promises large increases in cost-efficiency for agriculture. However, multiple problems reduce the effectiveness of drones, including the inverse relationship between resolution and speed and the lack of adequate labeled training data. This paper presents a two-step machine learning approach that analyzes low-fidelity and high-fidelity images in sequence, preserving efficiency as well as accuracy. Two data-generators are also used to minimize class imbalance in the high-fidelity dataset and to produce low-fidelity data that is representative of UAV images. The analysis of applications and methods is conducted on a database of high-fidelity apple tree images which are corrupted with class imbalance. The application begins by generating high-fidelity data using generative networks and then uses this novel data alongside the original high-fidelity data to produce low-fidelity images. A machine-learning identifier identifies plants and labels them as potentially diseased or not. A machine learning classifier is then given the potentially diseased plant images and returns actual diagnoses for these plants. The results show an accuracy of 96.3% for the high-fidelity system and a 75.5% confidence level for our low-fidelity system. Our drone technology shows promising results in accuracy when compared to labor-based methods of diagnosis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A survey on deep learning approaches for breast cancer diagnosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08853">arxiv:2109.08853</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Timothy Kwong, Samaneh Mazaheri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning has introduced several learning-based methods to recognize breast tumours and presents high applicability in breast cancer diagnostics. It has presented itself as a practical installment in Computer-Aided Diagnostic (CAD) systems to further assist radiologists in diagnostics for different modalities. A deep learning network trained on images provided by hospitals or public databases can perform classification, detection, and segmentation of lesion types. Significant progress has been made in recognizing tumours on 2D images but recognizing 3D images remains a frontier so far. The interconnection of deep learning networks between different fields of study help propels discoveries for more efficient, accurate, and robust networks. In this review paper, the following topics will be explored: (i) theory and application of deep learning, (ii) progress of 2D, 2.5D, and 3D CNN approaches in breast tumour recognition from a performance metric perspective, and (iii) challenges faced in CNN approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hybrid Data Augmentation and Deep Attention-based Dilated Convolutional-Recurrent Neural Networks for Speech Emotion Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09026">arxiv:2109.09026</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Nhat Truong Pham, Duc Ngoc Minh Dang, Sy Dzung Nguyen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Speech emotion recognition (SER) has been one of the significant tasks in Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) applications. However, it is hard to choose the optimal features and deal with imbalance labeled data. In this article, we investigate hybrid data augmentation (HDA) methods to generate and balance data based on traditional and generative adversarial networks (GAN) methods. To evaluate the effectiveness of HDA methods, a deep learning framework namely (ADCRNN) is designed by integrating deep dilated convolutional-recurrent neural networks with an attention mechanism. Besides, we choose 3D log Mel-spectrogram (MelSpec) features as the inputs for the deep learning framework. Furthermore, we reconfigure a loss function by combining a softmax loss and a center loss to classify the emotions. For validating our proposed methods, we use the EmoDB dataset that consists of several emotions with imbalanced samples. Experimental results prove that the proposed methods achieve better accuracy than the state-of-the-art methods on the EmoDB with 87.12% and 88.47% for the traditional and GAN-based methods, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Visual Representation Learning for Preference-Aware Path Planning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08968">arxiv:2109.08968</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Kavan Singh Sikand, Sadegh Rabiee, Adam Uccello, Xuesu Xiao, Garrett Warnell, Joydeep Biswas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autonomous mobile robots deployed in outdoor environments must reason about different types of terrain for both safety (e.g., prefer dirt over mud) and deployer preferences (e.g., prefer dirt path over flower beds). Most existing solutions to this preference-aware path planning problem use semantic segmentation to classify terrain types from camera images, and then ascribe costs to each type. Unfortunately, there are three key limitations of such approaches -- they 1) require pre-enumeration of the discrete terrain types, 2) are unable to handle hybrid terrain types (e.g., grassy dirt), and 3) require expensive labelled data to train visual semantic segmentation. We introduce Visual Representation Learning for Preference-Aware Path Planning (VRL-PAP), an alternative approach that overcomes all three limitations: VRL-PAP leverages unlabeled human demonstrations of navigation to autonomously generate triplets for learning visual representations of terrain that are viewpoint invariant and encode terrain types in a continuous representation space. The learned representations are then used along with the same unlabeled human navigation demonstrations to learn a mapping from the representation space to terrain costs. At run time, VRL-PAP maps from images to representations and then representations to costs to perform preference-aware path planning. We present empirical results from challenging outdoor settings that demonstrate VRL-PAP 1) is successfully able to pick paths that reflect demonstrated preferences, 2) is comparable in execution to geometric navigation with a highly detailed manually annotated map (without requiring such annotations), 3) is able to generalize to novel terrain types with minimal additional unlabeled demonstrations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>iWave3D: End-to-end Brain Image Compression with Trainable 3-D Wavelet Transform</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08942">arxiv:2109.08942</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Dongmei Xue, Haichuan Ma, Li Li, Dong Liu, Zhiwei Xiong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the rapid development of whole brain imaging technology, a large number of brain images have been produced, which puts forward a great demand for efficient brain image compression methods. At present, the most commonly used compression methods are all based on 3-D wavelet transform, such as JP3D. However, traditional 3-D wavelet transforms are designed manually with certain assumptions on the signal, but brain images are not as ideal as assumed. What's more, they are not directly optimized for compression task. In order to solve these problems, we propose a trainable 3-D wavelet transform based on the lifting scheme, in which the predict and update steps are replaced by 3-D convolutional neural networks. Then the proposed transform is embedded into an end-to-end compression scheme called iWave3D, which is trained with a large amount of brain images to directly minimize the rate-distortion loss. Experimental results demonstrate that our method outperforms JP3D significantly by 2.012 dB in terms of average BD-PSNR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MS-SincResNet: Joint learning of 1D and 2D kernels using multi-scale SincNet and ResNet for music genre classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08910">arxiv:2109.08910</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Pei-Chun Chang, Yong-Sheng Chen, Chang-Hsing Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this study, we proposed a new end-to-end convolutional neural network, called MS-SincResNet, for music genre classification. MS-SincResNet appends 1D multi-scale SincNet (MS-SincNet) to 2D ResNet as the first convolutional layer in an attempt to jointly learn 1D kernels and 2D kernels during the training stage. First, an input music signal is divided into a number of fixed-duration (3 seconds in this study) music clips, and the raw waveform of each music clip is fed into 1D MS-SincNet filter learning module to obtain three-channel 2D representations. The learned representations carry rich timbral, harmonic, and percussive characteristics comparing with spectrograms, harmonic spectrograms, percussive spectrograms and Mel-spectrograms. ResNet is then used to extract discriminative embeddings from these 2D representations. The spatial pyramid pooling (SPP) module is further used to enhance the feature discriminability, in terms of both time and frequency aspects, to obtain the classification label of each music clip. Finally, the voting strategy is applied to summarize the classification results from all 3-second music clips. In our experimental results, we demonstrate that the proposed MS-SincResNet outperforms the baseline SincNet and many well-known hand-crafted features. Considering individual 2D representation, MS-SincResNet also yields competitive results with the state-of-the-art methods on the GTZAN dataset and the ISMIR2004 dataset. The code is available at https://github.com/PeiChunChang/MS-SincResNet

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DuRecDial 2.0: A Bilingual Parallel Corpus for Conversational Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08877">arxiv:2109.08877</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Zeming Liu, Haifeng Wang, Zheng-Yu Niu, Hua Wu, Wanxiang Che</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we provide a bilingual parallel human-to-human recommendation dialog dataset (DuRecDial 2.0) to enable researchers to explore a challenging task of multilingual and cross-lingual conversational recommendation. The difference between DuRecDial 2.0 and existing conversational recommendation datasets is that the data item (Profile, Goal, Knowledge, Context, Response) in DuRecDial 2.0 is annotated in two languages, both English and Chinese, while other datasets are built with the setting of a single language. We collect 8.2k dialogs aligned across English and Chinese languages (16.5k dialogs and 255k utterances in total) that are annotated by crowdsourced workers with strict quality control procedure. We then build monolingual, multilingual, and cross-lingual conversational recommendation baselines on DuRecDial 2.0. Experiment results show that the use of additional English data can bring performance improvement for Chinese conversational recommendation, indicating the benefits of DuRecDial 2.0. Finally, this dataset provides a challenging testbed for future studies of monolingual, multilingual, and cross-lingual conversational recommendation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Clean-label Backdoor Attack against Deep Hashing based Retrieval</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08868">arxiv:2109.08868</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Kuofeng Gao, Jiawang Bai, Bin Chen, Dongxian Wu, Shu-Tao Xia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep hashing has become a popular method in large-scale image retrieval due to its computational and storage efficiency. However, recent works raise the security concerns of deep hashing. Although existing works focus on the vulnerability of deep hashing in terms of adversarial perturbations, we identify a more pressing threat, backdoor attack, when the attacker has access to the training data. A backdoored deep hashing model behaves normally on original query images, while returning the images with the target label when the trigger presents, which makes the attack hard to be detected. In this paper, we uncover this security concern by utilizing clean-label data poisoning. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt at the backdoor attack against deep hashing models. To craft the poisoned images, we first generate the targeted adversarial patch as the backdoor trigger. Furthermore, we propose the confusing perturbations to disturb the hashing code learning, such that the hashing model can learn more about the trigger. The confusing perturbations are imperceptible and generated by dispersing the images with the target label in the Hamming space. We have conducted extensive experiments to verify the efficacy of our backdoor attack under various settings. For instance, it can achieve 63% targeted mean average precision on ImageNet under 48 bits code length with only 40 poisoned images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FastHyMix: Fast and Parameter-free Hyperspectral Image Mixed Noise Removal</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08879">arxiv:2109.08879</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Lina Zhuang, Michael K. Ng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hyperspectral imaging with high spectral resolution plays an important role in finding objects, identifying materials, or detecting processes. The decrease of the widths of spectral bands leads to a decrease in the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of measurements. The decreased SNR reduces the reliability of measured features or information extracted from HSIs. Furthermore, the image degradations linked with various mechanisms also result in different types of noise, such as Gaussian noise, impulse noise, deadlines, and stripes. This paper introduces a fast and parameter-free hyperspectral image mixed noise removal method (termed FastHyMix), which characterizes the complex distribution of mixed noise by using a Gaussian mixture model and exploits two main characteristics of hyperspectral data, namely low-rankness in the spectral domain and high correlation in the spatial domain. The Gaussian mixture model enables us to make a good estimation of Gaussian noise intensity and the location of sparse noise. The proposed method takes advantage of the low-rankness using subspace representation and the spatial correlation of HSIs by adding a powerful deep image prior, which is extracted from a neural denoising network. An exhaustive array of experiments and comparisons with state-of-the-art denoisers were carried out. The experimental results show significant improvement in both synthetic and real datasets. A MATLAB demo of this work will be available at https://github.com/LinaZhuang for the sake of reproducibility.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Domain Composition and Attention for Unseen-Domain Generalizable Medical Image Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08852">arxiv:2109.08852</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ran Gu, Jingyang Zhang, Rui Huang, Wenhui Lei, Guotai Wang, Shaoting Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Domain generalizable model is attracting increasing attention in medical image analysis since data is commonly acquired from different institutes with various imaging protocols and scanners. To tackle this challenging domain generalization problem, we propose a Domain Composition and Attention-based network (DCA-Net) to improve the ability of domain representation and generalization. First, we present a domain composition method that represents one certain domain by a linear combination of a set of basis representations (i.e., a representation bank). Second, a novel plug-and-play parallel domain preceptor is proposed to learn these basis representations and we introduce a divergence constraint function to encourage the basis representations to be as divergent as possible. Then, a domain attention module is proposed to learn the linear combination coefficients of the basis representations. The result of linear combination is used to calibrate the feature maps of an input image, which enables the model to generalize to different and even unseen domains. We validate our method on public prostate MRI dataset acquired from six different institutions with apparent domain shift. Experimental results show that our proposed model can generalize well on different and even unseen domains and it outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the multi-domain prostate segmentation task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Automatic Bias Detection in Knowledge Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.10697">arxiv:2109.10697</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Daphna Keidar, Mian Zhong, Ce Zhang, Yash Raj Shrestha, Bibek Paudel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the recent surge in social applications relying on knowledge graphs, the need for techniques to ensure fairness in KG based methods is becoming increasingly evident. Previous works have demonstrated that KGs are prone to various social biases, and have proposed multiple methods for debiasing them. However, in such studies, the focus has been on debiasing techniques, while the relations to be debiased are specified manually by the user. As manual specification is itself susceptible to human cognitive bias, there is a need for a system capable of quantifying and exposing biases, that can support more informed decisions on what to debias. To address this gap in the literature, we describe a framework for identifying biases present in knowledge graph embeddings, based on numerical bias metrics. We illustrate the framework with three different bias measures on the task of profession prediction, and it can be flexibly extended to further bias definitions and applications. The relations flagged as biased can then be handed to decision makers for judgement upon subsequent debiasing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dual Behavior Regularized Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09037">arxiv:2109.09037</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Chapman Siu, Jason Traish, Richard Yi Da Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning has been shown to perform a range of complex tasks through interaction with an environment or collected leveraging experience. However, many of these approaches presume optimal or near optimal experiences or the presence of a consistent environment. In this work we propose dual, advantage-based behavior policy based on counterfactual regret minimization. We demonstrate the flexibility of this approach and how it can be adapted to online contexts where the environment is available to collect experiences and a variety of other contexts. We demonstrate this new algorithm can outperform several strong baseline models in different contexts based on a range of continuous environments. Additional ablations provide insights into how our dual behavior regularized reinforcement learning approach is designed compared with other plausible modifications and demonstrates its ability to generalize.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>G-CoS: GNN-Accelerator Co-Search Towards Both Better Accuracy and Efficiency</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08983">arxiv:2109.08983</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yongan Zhang, Haoran You, Yonggan Fu, Tong Geng, Ang Li, Yingyan Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have emerged as the state-of-the-art (SOTA) method for graph-based learning tasks. However, it still remains prohibitively challenging to inference GNNs over large graph datasets, limiting their application to large-scale real-world tasks. While end-to-end jointly optimizing GNNs and their accelerators is promising in boosting GNNs' inference efficiency and expediting the design process, it is still underexplored due to the vast and distinct design spaces of GNNs and their accelerators. In this work, we propose G-CoS, a GNN and accelerator co-search framework that can automatically search for matched GNN structures and accelerators to maximize both task accuracy and acceleration efficiency. Specifically, GCoS integrates two major enabling components: (1) a generic GNN accelerator search space which is applicable to various GNN structures and (2) a one-shot GNN and accelerator co-search algorithm that enables simultaneous and efficient search for optimal GNN structures and their matched accelerators. To the best of our knowledge, G-CoS is the first co-search framework for GNNs and their accelerators. Extensive experiments and ablation studies show that the GNNs and accelerators generated by G-CoS consistently outperform SOTA GNNs and GNN accelerators in terms of both task accuracy and hardware efficiency, while only requiring a few hours for the end-to-end generation of the best matched GNNs and their accelerators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AI Accelerator Survey and Trends</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08957">arxiv:2109.08957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Albert Reuther, Peter Michaleas, Michael Jones, Vijay Gadepally, Siddharth Samsi, Jeremy Kepner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Over the past several years, new machine learning accelerators were being announced and released every month for a variety of applications from speech recognition, video object detection, assisted driving, and many data center applications. This paper updates the survey of AI accelerators and processors from past two years. This paper collects and summarizes the current commercial accelerators that have been publicly announced with peak performance and power consumption numbers. The performance and power values are plotted on a scatter graph, and a number of dimensions and observations from the trends on this plot are again discussed and analyzed. This year, we also compile a list of benchmarking performance results and compute the computational efficiency with respect to peak performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Weakly Supervised Explainable Phrasal Reasoning with Neural Fuzzy Logic</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08927">arxiv:2109.08927</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zijun Wu, Atharva Naik, Zi Xuan Zhang, Lili Mou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Natural language inference (NLI) aims to determine the logical relationship between two sentences among the target labels Entailment, Contradiction, and Neutral. In recent years, deep learning models have become a prevailing approach to NLI, but they lack interpretability and explainability. In this work, we address the explainability for NLI by weakly supervised logical reasoning, and propose an Explainable Phrasal Reasoning (EPR) approach. Our model first detects phrases as the semantic unit and aligns corresponding phrases. Then, the model predicts the NLI label for the aligned phrases, and induces the sentence label by fuzzy logic formulas. Our EPR is almost everywhere differentiable and thus the system can be trained end-to-end in a weakly supervised manner. We annotated a corpus and developed a set of metrics to evaluate phrasal reasoning. Results show that our EPR yields much more meaningful explanations in terms of F scores than previous studies. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to develop a weakly supervised phrasal reasoning model for the NLI task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Serving DNN Models with Multi-Instance GPUs: A Case of the Reconfigurable Machine Scheduling Problem</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.11067">arxiv:2109.11067</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Cheng Tan, Zhichao Li, Jian Zhang, Yu Cao, Sikai Qi, Zherui Liu, Yibo Zhu, Chuanxiong Guo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-Instance GPU (MIG) is a new feature introduced by NVIDIA A100 GPUs that partitions one physical GPU into multiple GPU instances. With MIG, A100 can be the most cost-efficient GPU ever for serving Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). However, discovering the most efficient GPU partitions is challenging. The underlying problem is NP-hard; moreover, it is a new abstract problem, which we define as the Reconfigurable Machine Scheduling Problem (RMS). This paper studies serving DNNs with MIG, a new case of RMS. We further propose a solution, MIG-serving. MIG- serving is an algorithm pipeline that blends a variety of newly designed algorithms and customized classic algorithms, including a heuristic greedy algorithm, Genetic Algorithm (GA), and Monte Carlo Tree Search algorithm (MCTS). We implement MIG-serving on Kubernetes. Our experiments show that compared to using A100 as-is, MIG-serving can save up to 40% of GPUs while providing the same throughput.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Regularize! Don't Mix: Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning without Explicit Centralized Structures</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09038">arxiv:2109.09038</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chapman Siu, Jason Traish, Richard Yi Da Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose using regularization for Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning rather than learning explicit cooperative structures called {\em Multi-Agent Regularized Q-learning} (MARQ). Many MARL approaches leverage centralized structures in order to exploit global state information or removing communication constraints when the agents act in a decentralized manner. Instead of learning redundant structures which is removed during agent execution, we propose instead to leverage shared experiences of the agents to regularize the individual policies in order to promote structured exploration. We examine several different approaches to how MARQ can either explicitly or implicitly regularize our policies in a multi-agent setting. MARQ aims to address these limitations in the MARL context through applying regularization constraints which can correct bias in off-policy out-of-distribution agent experiences and promote diverse exploration. Our algorithm is evaluated on several benchmark multi-agent environments and we show that MARQ consistently outperforms several baselines and state-of-the-art algorithms; learning in fewer steps and converging to higher returns.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Greedy UnMixing for Q-Learning in Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09034">arxiv:2109.09034</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chapman Siu, Jason Traish, Richard Yi Da Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper introduces Greedy UnMix (GUM) for cooperative multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL). Greedy UnMix aims to avoid scenarios where MARL methods fail due to overestimation of values as part of the large joint state-action space. It aims to address this through a conservative Q-learning approach through restricting the state-marginal in the dataset to avoid unobserved joint state action spaces, whilst concurrently attempting to unmix or simplify the problem space under the centralized training with decentralized execution paradigm. We demonstrate the adherence to Q-function lower bounds in the Q-learning for MARL scenarios, and demonstrate superior performance to existing Q-learning MARL approaches as well as more general MARL algorithms over a set of benchmark MARL tasks, despite its relative simplicity compared with state-of-the-art approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hindsight Foresight Relabeling for Meta-Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09031">arxiv:2109.09031</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Michael Wan, Jian Peng, Tanmay Gangwani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Meta-reinforcement learning (meta-RL) algorithms allow for agents to learn new behaviors from small amounts of experience, mitigating the sample inefficiency problem in RL. However, while meta-RL agents can adapt quickly to new tasks at test time after experiencing only a few trajectories, the meta-training process is still sample-inefficient. Prior works have found that in the multi-task RL setting, relabeling past transitions and thus sharing experience among tasks can improve sample efficiency and asymptotic performance. We apply this idea to the meta-RL setting and devise a new relabeling method called Hindsight Foresight Relabeling (HFR). We construct a relabeling distribution using the combination of "hindsight", which is used to relabel trajectories using reward functions from the training task distribution, and "foresight", which takes the relabeled trajectories and computes the utility of each trajectory for each task. HFR is easy to implement and readily compatible with existing meta-RL algorithms. We find that HFR improves performance when compared to other relabeling methods on a variety of meta-RL tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multimodal Classification: Current Landscape, Taxonomy and Future Directions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09020">arxiv:2109.09020</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>William C. Sleeman IV, Rishabh Kapoor, Preetam Ghosh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multimodal classification research has been gaining popularity in many domains that collect more data from multiple sources including satellite imagery, biometrics, and medicine. However, the lack of consistent terminology and architectural descriptions makes it difficult to compare different existing solutions. We address these challenges by proposing a new taxonomy for describing such systems based on trends found in recent publications on multimodal classification. Many of the most difficult aspects of unimodal classification have not yet been fully addressed for multimodal datasets including big data, class imbalance, and instance level difficulty. We also provide a discussion of these challenges and future directions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Development of patients triage algorithm from nationwide COVID-19 registry data based on machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09001">arxiv:2109.09001</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hyung Ju Hwang, Seyoung Jung, Min Sue Park, Hyeontae Jo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prompt severity assessment model of confirmed patients who were infected with infectious diseases could enable efficient diagnosis and alleviate the burden on the medical system. This paper provides the development processes of the severity assessment model using machine learning techniques and its application on SARS-CoV-2 patients. Here, we highlight that our model only requires basic patients' basic personal data, allowing for them to judge their own severity. We selected the boosting-based decision tree model as a classifier and interpreted mortality as a probability score after modeling. Specifically, hyperparameters that determine the structure of the tree model were tuned using the Bayesian optimization technique without any knowledge of medical information. As a result, we measured model performance and identified the variables affecting the severity through the model. Finally, we aim to establish a medical system that allows patients to check their own severity and informs them to visit the appropriate clinic center based on the past treatment details of other patients with similar severity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamic and Systematic Survey of Deep Learning Approaches for Driving Behavior Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08996">arxiv:2109.08996</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Farid Talebloo, Emad A. Mohammed, Behrouz H. Far</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Improper driving results in fatalities, damages, increased energy consumptions, and depreciation of the vehicles. Analyzing driving behaviour could lead to optimize and avoid mentioned issues. By identifying the type of driving and mapping them to the consequences of that type of driving, we can get a model to prevent them. In this regard, we try to create a dynamic survey paper to review and present driving behaviour survey data for future researchers in our research. By analyzing 58 articles, we attempt to classify standard methods and provide a framework for future articles to be examined and studied in different dashboards and updated about trends.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hierarchical Policy for Non-prehensile Multi-object Rearrangement with Deep Reinforcement Learning and Monte Carlo Tree Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08973">arxiv:2109.08973</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Fan Bai, Fei Meng, Jianbang Liu, Jiankun Wang, Max Q. -H. Meng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Non-prehensile multi-object rearrangement is a robotic task of planning feasible paths and transferring multiple objects to their predefined target poses without grasping. It needs to consider how each object reaches the target and the order of object movement, which significantly deepens the complexity of the problem. To address these challenges, we propose a hierarchical policy to divide and conquer for non-prehensile multi-object rearrangement. In the high-level policy, guided by a designed policy network, the Monte Carlo Tree Search efficiently searches for the optimal rearrangement sequence among multiple objects, which benefits from imitation and reinforcement. In the low-level policy, the robot plans the paths according to the order of path primitives and manipulates the objects to approach the goal poses one by one. We verify through experiments that the proposed method can achieve a higher success rate, fewer steps, and shorter path length compared with the state-of-the-art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Temporal Knowledge Graph Completion using Box Embeddings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08970">arxiv:2109.08970</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Johannes Messner, Ralph Abboud, smail lkan Ceylan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge graph completion is the task of inferring missing facts based on existing data in a knowledge graph. Temporal knowledge graph completion (TKGC) is an extension of this task to temporal knowledge graphs, where each fact is additionally associated with a time stamp. Current approaches for TKGC primarily build on existing embedding models which are developed for (static) knowledge graph completion, and extend these models to incorporate time, where the idea is to learn latent representations for entities, relations, and timestamps and then use the learned representations to predict missing facts at various time steps. In this paper, we propose BoxTE, a box embedding model for TKGC, building on the static knowledge graph embedding model BoxE. We show that BoxTE is fully expressive, and possesses strong inductive capacity in the temporal setting. We then empirically evaluate our model and show that it achieves state-of-the-art results on several TKGC benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Intra-Inter Subject Self-supervised Learning for Multivariate Cardiac Signals</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08908">arxiv:2109.08908</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiang Lan, Dianwen Ng, Shenda Hong, Mengling Feng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning information-rich and generalizable representations effectively from unlabeled multivariate cardiac signals to identify abnormal heart rhythms (cardiac arrhythmias) is valuable in real-world clinical settings but often challenging due to its complex temporal dynamics. Cardiac arrhythmias can vary significantly in temporal patterns even for the same patient ($i.e.$, intra subject difference). Meanwhile, the same type of cardiac arrhythmia can show different temporal patterns among different patients due to different cardiac structures ($i.e.$, inter subject difference). In this paper, we address the challenges by proposing an Intra-inter Subject self-supervised Learning (ISL) model that is customized for multivariate cardiac signals. Our proposed ISL model integrates medical knowledge into self-supervision to effectively learn from intra-inter subject differences. In intra subject self-supervision, ISL model first extracts heartbeat-level features from each subject using a channel-wise attentional CNN-RNN encoder. Then a stationarity test module is employed to capture the temporal dependencies between heartbeats. In inter subject self-supervision, we design a set of data augmentations according to the clinical characteristics of cardiac signals and perform contrastive learning among subjects to learn distinctive representations for various types of patients. Extensive experiments on three real-world datasets were conducted. In a semi-supervised transfer learning scenario, our pre-trained ISL model leads about 10% improvement over supervised training when only 1% labeled data is available, suggesting strong generalizability and robustness of the model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Resilient Artificial Intelligence: Survey and Research Issues</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08904">arxiv:2109.08904</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Oliver Eigner, Sebastian Eresheim, Peter Kieseberg, Lukas Daniel Klausner, Martin Pirker, Torsten Priebe, Simon Tjoa, Fiammetta Marulli, Francesco Mercaldo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial intelligence (AI) systems are becoming critical components of today's IT landscapes. Their resilience against attacks and other environmental influences needs to be ensured just like for other IT assets. Considering the particular nature of AI, and machine learning (ML) in particular, this paper provides an overview of the emerging field of resilient AI and presents research issues the authors identify as potential future work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Coordinate Descent for MCP/SCAD Penalized Least Squares Converges Linearly</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08850">arxiv:2109.08850</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yuling Jiao, Dingwei Li, Min Liu, Xiliang Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recovering sparse signals from observed data is an important topic in signal/imaging processing, statistics and machine learning. Nonconvex penalized least squares have been attracted a lot of attentions since they enjoy nice statistical properties. Computationally, coordinate descent (CD) is a workhorse for minimizing the nonconvex penalized least squares criterion due to its simplicity and scalability. In this work, we prove the linear convergence rate to CD for solving MCP/SCAD penalized least squares problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Near-Minimax Optimal Estimation With Shallow ReLU Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08844">arxiv:2109.08844</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rahul Parhi, Robert D. Nowak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of estimating an unknown function from noisy data using shallow (single-hidden layer) ReLU neural networks. The estimators we study minimize the sum of squared data-fitting errors plus a regularization term proportional to the Euclidean norm of the network weights. This minimization corresponds to the common approach of training a neural network with weight decay. We quantify the performance (mean-squared error) of these neural network estimators when the data-generating function belongs to the space of functions of second-order bounded variation in the Radon domain. This space of functions was recently proposed as the natural function space associated with shallow ReLU neural networks. We derive a minimax lower bound for the estimation problem for this function space and show that the neural network estimators are minimax optimal up to logarithmic factors. We also show that this is a "mixed variation" function space that contains classical multivariate function spaces including certain Sobolev spaces and certain spectral Barron spaces. Finally, we use these results to quantify a gap between neural networks and linear methods (which include kernel methods). This paper sheds light on the phenomenon that neural networks seem to break the curse of dimensionality.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generating Active Explicable Plans in Human-Robot Teaming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08834">arxiv:2109.08834</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Akkamahadevi Hanni, Yu Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Intelligent robots are redefining a multitude of critical domains but are still far from being fully capable of assisting human peers in day-to-day tasks. An important requirement of collaboration is for each teammate to maintain and respect an understanding of the others' expectations of itself. Lack of which may lead to serious issues such as loose coordination between teammates, reduced situation awareness, and ultimately teaming failures. Hence, it is important for robots to behave explicably by meeting the human's expectations. One of the challenges here is that the expectations of the human are often hidden and can change dynamically as the human interacts with the robot. However, existing approaches to generating explicable plans often assume that the human's expectations are known and static. In this paper, we propose the idea of active explicable planning to relax this assumption. We apply a Bayesian approach to model and predict dynamic human belief and expectations to make explicable planning more anticipatory. We hypothesize that active explicable plans can be more efficient and explicable at the same time, when compared to explicable plans generated by the existing methods. In our experimental evaluation, we verify that our approach generates more efficient explicable plans while successfully capturing the dynamic belief change of the human teammate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Anti-Neuron Watermarking: Protecting Personal Data Against Unauthorized Neural Model Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09023">arxiv:2109.09023</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zihang Zou, Boqing Gong, Liqiang Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we raise up an emerging personal data protection problem where user personal data (e.g. images) could be inappropriately exploited to train deep neural network models without authorization. To solve this problem, we revisit traditional watermarking in advanced machine learning settings. By embedding a watermarking signature using specialized linear color transformation to user images, neural models will be imprinted with such a signature if training data include watermarked images. Then, a third-party verifier can verify potential unauthorized usage by inferring the watermark signature from neural models. We further explore the desired properties of watermarking and signature space for convincing verification. Through extensive experiments, we show empirically that linear color transformation is effective in protecting user's personal images for various realistic settings. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to protect users' personal data from unauthorized usage in neural network training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PCNN: A physics-constrained neural network for multiphase flows</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08965">arxiv:2109.08965</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Haoyang Zheng, Ziyang Huang, Guang Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The present study develops a physics-constrained neural network (PCNN) to predict sequential patterns and motions of multiphase flows (MPFs), which includes strong interactions among various fluid phases. To predict the order parameters, which locate individual phases, in the future time, the conditional neural processes and long short-term memory (CNP-LSTM) are applied to quickly infer the dynamics of the phases after encoding only a few observations. After that, the multiphase consistent and conservative boundedness mapping algorithm (MCBOM) is implemented to correct the order parameters predicted from CNP-LSTM in order to strictly satisfy the mass conservation, the summation of the volume fractions of the phases to be unity, the consistency of reduction, and the boundedness of the order parameters. Then, the density of the fluid mixture is updated from the corrected order parameters. Finally, the velocity in the future time is predicted by a physics-informed CNP-LSTM (PICNP-LSTM) where conservation of momentum is included in the loss function with the observed density and velocity as the inputs. The proposed PCNN for MPFs sequentially performs (CNP-LSTM)-(MCBOM)-(PICNP-LSTM), which avoids unphysical behaviors of the order parameters, accelerates the convergence, and requires fewer data to make predictions. Numerical experiments demonstrate that the proposed PCNN is capable of predicting MPFs effectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scenario adaptive disruption prediction study for next generation burning-plasma tokamaks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08956">arxiv:2109.08956</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>J. Zhu, C. Rea, R. S. Granetz, E. S. Marmar, K. J. Montes, R. Sweeney, R. A. Tinguely, D. L. Chen, B. Shen, B. J. Xiao, D. Humphreys, J. Barr, O. Meneghini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Next generation high performance (HP) tokamaks risk damage from unmitigated disruptions at high current and power. Achieving reliable disruption prediction for a device's HP operation based on its low performance (LP) data is key to success. In this letter, through explorative data analysis and dedicated numerical experiments on multiple existing tokamaks, we demonstrate how the operational regimes of tokamaks can affect the power of a trained disruption predictor. First, our results suggest data-driven disruption predictors trained on abundant LP discharges work poorly on the HP regime of the same tokamak, which is a consequence of the distinct distributions of the tightly correlated signals related to disruptions in these two regimes. Second, we find that matching operational parameters among tokamaks strongly improves cross-machine accuracy which implies our model learns from the underlying scalings of dimensionless physics parameters like q_{95}, _{p} and confirms the importance of these parameters in disruption physics and cross machine domain matching from the data-driven perspective. Finally, our results show how in the absence of HP data from the target devices, the best predictivity of the HP regime for the target machine can be achieved by combining LP data from the target with HP data from other machines. These results provide a possible disruption predictor development strategy for next generation tokamaks, such as ITER and SPARC, and highlight the importance of developing on existing machines baseline scenario discharges of future tokamaks to collect more relevant disruptive data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Removing Noise from Extracellular Neural Recordings Using Fully Convolutional Denoising Autoencoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08945">arxiv:2109.08945</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Christodoulos Kechris, Alexandros Delitzas, Vasileios Matsoukas, Panagiotis C. Petrantonakis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Extracellular recordings are severely contaminated by a considerable amount of noise sources, rendering the denoising process an extremely challenging task that should be tackled for efficient spike sorting. To this end, we propose an end-to-end deep learning approach to the problem, utilizing a Fully Convolutional Denoising Autoencoder, which learns to produce a clean neuronal activity signal from a noisy multichannel input. The experimental results on simulated data show that our proposed method can improve significantly the quality of noise-corrupted neural signals, outperforming widely-used wavelet denoising techniques.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>KNN Learning Techniques for Proportional Myocontrol in Prosthetics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08917">arxiv:2109.08917</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tim Sziburis, Markus Nowak, Davide Brunelli</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work has been conducted in the context of pattern-recognition-based control for electromyographic prostheses. It presents a k-nearest neighbour (kNN) classification technique for gesture recognition, extended by a proportionality scheme. The methods proposed are practically implemented and validated. Datasets are captured by means of a state-of-the-art 8-channel electromyography (EMG) armband positioned on the forearm. Based on this data, the influence of kNN's parameters is analyzed in pilot experiments. Moreover, the effect of proportionality scaling and rest thresholding schemes is investigated. A randomized, double-blind user study is conducted to compare the implemented method with the state-of-research algorithm Ridge Regression with Random Fourier Features (RR-RFF) for different levels of gesture exertion. The results from these experiments show a statistically significant improvement in favour of the kNN-based algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reconfigurable Low-latency Memory System for Sparse Matricized Tensor Times Khatri-Rao Product on FPGA</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08874">arxiv:2109.08874</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sasindu Wijeratne, Rajgopal Kannan, Viktor Prasanna</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tensor decomposition has become an essential tool in many applications in various domains, including machine learning. Sparse Matricized Tensor Times Khatri-Rao Product (MTTKRP) is one of the most computationally expensive kernels in tensor computations. Despite having significant computational parallelism, MTTKRP is a challenging kernel to optimize due to its irregular memory access characteristics. This paper focuses on a multi-faceted memory system, which explores the spatial and temporal locality of the data structures of MTTKRP. Further, users can reconfigure our design depending on the behavior of the compute units used in the FPGA accelerator. Our system efficiently accesses all the MTTKRP data structures while reducing the total memory access time, using a distributed cache and Direct Memory Access (DMA) subsystem. Moreover, our work improves the memory access time by 3.5x compared with commercial memory controller IPs. Also, our system shows 2x and 1.26x speedups compared with cache-only and DMA-only memory systems, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Favoring Eagerness for Remaining Items: Achieving Efficient and Fair Assignments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08856">arxiv:2109.08856</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Xiaoxi Guo, Sujoy Sikdar, Lirong Xia, Hanpin Wang, Yongzhi Cao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the assignment problem, items must be assigned to agents who have unit demands, based on agents' ordinal preferences. Often the goal is to design a mechanism that is both fair and efficient. In this paper, we first prove that, unfortunately, the desirable efficiency notions rank-maximality, ex-post favoring-higher-ranks, and ex-ante favoring-higher-ranks, which aim to allocate each item to agents who rank it highest over all the items, are incompatible with the desirable fairness notions strong equal treatment of equals (SETE) and sd-weak-envy-freeness (sd-WEF) simultaneously. In light of this, we propose novel properties of efficiency based on a subtly different notion to favoring higher ranks, by favoring "eagerness" for remaining items and aiming to guarantee that each item is allocated to agents who rank it highest among remaining items. Specifically, we propose ex-post favoring-eagerness-for-remaining-items (ep-FERI) and ex-ante favoring-eagerness-for-remaining-items (ea-FERI). We prove that the eager Boston mechanism satisfies ep-FERI and sd-WSP and that the uniform probabilistic respecting eagerness mechanism satisfies ea-FERI. We also prove that both mechanisms satisfy SETE and sd-WEF, and show that no mechanism can satisfy stronger versions of envy-freeness and strategyproofness while simultaneously maintaining SETE, and either ep-FERI or ea-FERI.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Electrostimulation of Brain Deep Structures in Parkinson's Disease</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.05092">arxiv:2111.05092</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Elcin Huseyn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The study involved 56 patients with advanced and late stages of Parkinsons disease, which could be considered as potentially requiring neurosurgical treatment-electrical stimulation of deep brain structures. An algorithm has been developed for selecting patients with advanced and late stages of Parkinsons disease for neurological treatment-implantation of a system for electrical stimulation of deep brain structures in distant neurosurgical centers, which includes two stages for patients with limited mobility - outpatient and inpatient. The development of an algorithm for referral to neurological treatment has shortened the path of a patient with limited mobility from a polyclinic to a neurological center. Electro stimulation of deep brain structures in Parkinsons disease significantly improved the condition of patients-to increase functional activity by 55%, reduce the severity of motor disorders by 55%, and reduce the dose of levodopa drugs by half.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fairness Maximization among Offline Agents in Online-Matching Markets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08934">arxiv:2109.08934</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Will Ma, Pan Xu, Yifan Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Matching markets involve heterogeneous agents (typically from two parties) who are paired for mutual benefit. During the last decade, matching markets have emerged and grown rapidly through the medium of the Internet. They have evolved into a new format, called Online Matching Markets (OMMs), with examples ranging from crowdsourcing to online recommendations to ridesharing. There are two features distinguishing OMMs from traditional matching markets. One is the dynamic arrival of one side of the market: we refer to these as online agents while the rest are offline agents. Examples of online and offline agents include keywords (online) and sponsors (offline) in Google Advertising; workers (online) and tasks (offline) in Amazon Mechanical Turk (AMT); riders (online) and drivers (offline when restricted to a short time window) in ridesharing. The second distinguishing feature of OMMs is the real-time decision-making element. However, studies have shown that the algorithms making decisions in these OMMs leave disparities in the match rates of offline agents. For example, tasks in neighborhoods of low socioeconomic status rarely get matched to gig workers, and drivers of certain races/genders get discriminated against in matchmaking. In this paper, we propose online matching algorithms which optimize for either individual or group-level fairness among offline agents in OMMs. We present two linear-programming (LP) based sampling algorithms, which achieve online competitive ratios at least 0.725 for individual fairness maximization (IFM) and 0.719 for group fairness maximization (GFM), respectively. We conduct extensive numerical experiments and results show that our boosted version of sampling algorithms are not only conceptually easy to implement but also highly effective in practical instances of fairness-maximization-related models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>S$^3$VAADA: Submodular Subset Selection for Virtual Adversarial Active Domain Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08901">arxiv:2109.08901</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Harsh Rangwani, Arihant Jain, Sumukh K Aithal, R. Venkatesh Babu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised domain adaptation (DA) methods have focused on achieving maximal performance through aligning features from source and target domains without using labeled data in the target domain. Whereas, in the real-world scenario's it might be feasible to get labels for a small proportion of target data. In these scenarios, it is important to select maximally-informative samples to label and find an effective way to combine them with the existing knowledge from source data. Towards achieving this, we propose S$^3$VAADA which i) introduces a novel submodular criterion to select a maximally informative subset to label and ii) enhances a cluster-based DA procedure through novel improvements to effectively utilize all the available data for improving generalization on target. Our approach consistently outperforms the competing state-of-the-art approaches on datasets with varying degrees of domain shifts.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-09/2021-09-17.md)
