## Summary for 2021-09-15, created on 2021-12-18


<details><summary><b>Language Models are Few-shot Multilingual Learners</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07684">arxiv:2109.07684</a>
&#x1F4C8; 70 <br>
<p>Genta Indra Winata, Andrea Madotto, Zhaojiang Lin, Rosanne Liu, Jason Yosinski, Pascale Fung</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** General-purpose language models have demonstrated impressive capabilities, performing on par with state-of-the-art approaches on a range of downstream natural language processing (NLP) tasks and benchmarks when inferring instructions from very few examples. Here, we evaluate the multilingual skills of the GPT and T5 models in conducting multi-class classification on non-English languages without any parameter updates. We show that, given a few English examples as context, pre-trained language models can predict not only English test samples but also non-English ones. Finally, we find the in-context few-shot cross-lingual prediction results of language models are significantly better than random prediction, and they are competitive compared to the existing state-of-the-art cross-lingual models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Mathematical Properties of Integers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07230">arxiv:2109.07230</a>
&#x1F4C8; 44 <br>
<p>Maria Ryskina, Kevin Knight</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Embedding words in high-dimensional vector spaces has proven valuable in many natural language applications. In this work, we investigate whether similarly-trained embeddings of integers can capture concepts that are useful for mathematical applications. We probe the integer embeddings for mathematical knowledge, apply them to a set of numerical reasoning tasks, and show that by learning the representations from mathematical sequence data, we can substantially improve over number embeddings learned from English text corpora.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Challenges in Detoxifying Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07445">arxiv:2109.07445</a>
&#x1F4C8; 40 <br>
<p>Johannes Welbl, Amelia Glaese, Jonathan Uesato, Sumanth Dathathri, John Mellor, Lisa Anne Hendricks, Kirsty Anderson, Pushmeet Kohli, Ben Coppin, Po-Sen Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large language models (LM) generate remarkably fluent text and can be efficiently adapted across NLP tasks. Measuring and guaranteeing the quality of generated text in terms of safety is imperative for deploying LMs in the real world; to this end, prior work often relies on automatic evaluation of LM toxicity. We critically discuss this approach, evaluate several toxicity mitigation strategies with respect to both automatic and human evaluation, and analyze consequences of toxicity mitigation in terms of model bias and LM quality. We demonstrate that while basic intervention strategies can effectively optimize previously established automatic metrics on the RealToxicityPrompts dataset, this comes at the cost of reduced LM coverage for both texts about, and dialects of, marginalized groups. Additionally, we find that human raters often disagree with high automatic toxicity scores after strong toxicity reduction interventions -- highlighting further the nuances involved in careful evaluation of LM toxicity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Task Learning with Sequence-Conditioned Transporter Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07578">arxiv:2109.07578</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Michael H. Lim, Andy Zeng, Brian Ichter, Maryam Bandari, Erwin Coumans, Claire Tomlin, Stefan Schaal, Aleksandra Faust</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Enabling robots to solve multiple manipulation tasks has a wide range of industrial applications. While learning-based approaches enjoy flexibility and generalizability, scaling these approaches to solve such compositional tasks remains a challenge. In this work, we aim to solve multi-task learning through the lens of sequence-conditioning and weighted sampling. First, we propose a new suite of benchmark specifically aimed at compositional tasks, MultiRavens, which allows defining custom task combinations through task modules that are inspired by industrial tasks and exemplify the difficulties in vision-based learning and planning methods. Second, we propose a vision-based end-to-end system architecture, Sequence-Conditioned Transporter Networks, which augments Goal-Conditioned Transporter Networks with sequence-conditioning and weighted sampling and can efficiently learn to solve multi-task long horizon problems. Our analysis suggests that not only the new framework significantly improves pick-and-place performance on novel 10 multi-task benchmark problems, but also the multi-task learning with weighted sampling can vastly improve learning and agent performances on individual tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tied & Reduced RNN-T Decoder</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07513">arxiv:2109.07513</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Rami Botros, Tara N. Sainath, Robert David, Emmanuel Guzman, Wei Li, Yanzhang He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Previous works on the Recurrent Neural Network-Transducer (RNN-T) models have shown that, under some conditions, it is possible to simplify its prediction network with little or no loss in recognition accuracy (arXiv:2003.07705 [eess.AS], [2], arXiv:2012.06749 [cs.CL]). This is done by limiting the context size of previous labels and/or using a simpler architecture for its layers instead of LSTMs. The benefits of such changes include reduction in model size, faster inference and power savings, which are all useful for on-device applications.
  In this work, we study ways to make the RNN-T decoder (prediction network + joint network) smaller and faster without degradation in recognition performance. Our prediction network performs a simple weighted averaging of the input embeddings, and shares its embedding matrix weights with the joint network's output layer (a.k.a. weight tying, commonly used in language modeling arXiv:1611.01462 [cs.LG]). This simple design, when used in conjunction with additional Edit-based Minimum Bayes Risk (EMBR) training, reduces the RNN-T Decoder from 23M parameters to just 2M, without affecting word-error rate (WER).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>METEOR: A Massive Dense & Heterogeneous Behavior Dataset for Autonomous Driving</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07648">arxiv:2109.07648</a>
&#x1F4C8; 19 <br>
<p>Rohan Chandra, Mridul Mahajan, Rahul Kala, Rishitha Palugulla, Chandrababu Naidu, Alok Jain, Dinesh Manocha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a new and complex traffic dataset, METEOR, which captures traffic patterns in unstructured scenarios in India. METEOR consists of more than 1000 one-minute video clips, over 2 million annotated frames with ego-vehicle trajectories, and more than 13 million bounding boxes for surrounding vehicles or traffic agents. METEOR is a unique dataset in terms of capturing the heterogeneity of microscopic and macroscopic traffic characteristics. Furthermore, we provide annotations for rare and interesting driving behaviors such as cut-ins, yielding, overtaking, overspeeding, zigzagging, sudden lane changing, running traffic signals, driving in the wrong lanes, taking wrong turns, lack of right-of-way rules at intersections, etc. We also present diverse traffic scenarios corresponding to rainy weather, nighttime driving, driving in rural areas with unmarked roads, and high-density traffic scenarios. We use our novel dataset to evaluate the performance of object detection and behavior prediction algorithms. We show that state-of-the-art object detectors fail in these challenging conditions and also propose a new benchmark test: action-behavior prediction with a baseline mAP score of 70.74.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Matching with Transformers in MELT</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07401">arxiv:2109.07401</a>
&#x1F4C8; 17 <br>
<p>Sven Hertling, Jan Portisch, Heiko Paulheim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One of the strongest signals for automated matching of ontologies and knowledge graphs are the textual descriptions of the concepts. The methods that are typically applied (such as character- or token-based comparisons) are relatively simple, and therefore do not capture the actual meaning of the texts. With the rise of transformer-based language models, text comparison based on meaning (rather than lexical features) is possible. In this paper, we model the ontology matching task as classification problem and present approaches based on transformer models. We further provide an easy to use implementation in the MELT framework which is suited for ontology and knowledge graph matching. We show that a transformer-based filter helps to choose the correct correspondences given a high-recall alignment and already achieves a good result with simple alignment post-processing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automatic Symmetry Discovery with Lie Algebra Convolutional Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07103">arxiv:2109.07103</a>
&#x1F4C8; 14 <br>
<p>Nima Dehmamy, Robin Walters, Yanchen Liu, Dashun Wang, Rose Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing equivariant neural networks require prior knowledge of the symmetry group and discretization for continuous groups. We propose to work with Lie algebras (infinitesimal generators) instead of Lie groups. Our model, the Lie algebra convolutional network (L-conv) can automatically discover symmetries and does not require discretization of the group. We show that L-conv can serve as a building block to construct any group equivariant feedforward architecture. Both CNNs and Graph Convolutional Networks can be expressed as L-conv with appropriate groups. We discover direct connections between L-conv and physics: (1) group invariant loss generalizes field theory (2) Euler-Lagrange equation measures the robustness, and (3) equivariance leads to conservation laws and Noether current.These connections open up new avenues for designing more general equivariant networks and applying them to important problems in physical sciences

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Constraint based Knowledge Base Distillation in End-to-End Task Oriented Dialogs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07396">arxiv:2109.07396</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Dinesh Raghu, Atishya Jain,  Mausam, Sachindra Joshi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** End-to-End task-oriented dialogue systems generate responses based on dialog history and an accompanying knowledge base (KB). Inferring those KB entities that are most relevant for an utterance is crucial for response generation. Existing state of the art scales to large KBs by softly filtering over irrelevant KB information. In this paper, we propose a novel filtering technique that consists of (1) a pairwise similarity based filter that identifies relevant information by respecting the n-ary structure in a KB record. and, (2) an auxiliary loss that helps in separating contextually unrelated KB information. We also propose a new metric -- multiset entity F1 which fixes a correctness issue in the existing entity F1 metric. Experimental results on three publicly available task-oriented dialog datasets show that our proposed approach outperforms existing state-of-the-art models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Relation-Oriented Clustering Method for Open Relation Extraction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07205">arxiv:2109.07205</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Jun Zhao, Tao Gui, Qi Zhang, Yaqian Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The clustering-based unsupervised relation discovery method has gradually become one of the important methods of open relation extraction (OpenRE). However, high-dimensional vectors can encode complex linguistic information which leads to the problem that the derived clusters cannot explicitly align with the relational semantic classes. In this work, we propose a relation-oriented clustering model and use it to identify the novel relations in the unlabeled data. Specifically, to enable the model to learn to cluster relational data, our method leverages the readily available labeled data of pre-defined relations to learn a relation-oriented representation. We minimize distance between the instance with same relation by gathering the instances towards their corresponding relation centroids to form a cluster structure, so that the learned representation is cluster-friendly. To reduce the clustering bias on predefined classes, we optimize the model by minimizing a joint objective on both labeled and unlabeled data. Experimental results show that our method reduces the error rate by 29.2% and 15.7%, on two datasets respectively, compared with current SOTA methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FSER: Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Speech Emotion Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07916">arxiv:2109.07916</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Bonaventure F. P. Dossou, Yeno K. S. Gbenou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Using mel-spectrograms over conventional MFCCs features, we assess the abilities of convolutional neural networks to accurately recognize and classify emotions from speech data. We introduce FSER, a speech emotion recognition model trained on four valid speech databases, achieving a high-classification accuracy of 95,05\%, over 8 different emotion classes: anger, anxiety, calm, disgust, happiness, neutral, sadness, surprise. On each benchmark dataset, FSER outperforms the best models introduced so far, achieving a state-of-the-art performance. We show that FSER stays reliable, independently of the language, sex identity, and any other external factor. Additionally, we describe how FSER could potentially be used to improve mental and emotional health care and how our analysis and findings serve as guidelines and benchmarks for further works in the same direction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Topic Transferable Table Question Answering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07377">arxiv:2109.07377</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Saneem Ahmed Chemmengath, Vishwajeet Kumar, Samarth Bharadwaj, Jaydeep Sen, Mustafa Canim, Soumen Chakrabarti, Alfio Gliozzo, Karthik Sankaranarayanan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Weakly-supervised table question-answering(TableQA) models have achieved state-of-art performance by using pre-trained BERT transformer to jointly encoding a question and a table to produce structured query for the question. However, in practical settings TableQA systems are deployed over table corpora having topic and word distributions quite distinct from BERT's pretraining corpus. In this work we simulate the practical topic shift scenario by designing novel challenge benchmarks WikiSQL-TS and WikiTQ-TS, consisting of train-dev-test splits in five distinct topic groups, based on the popular WikiSQL and WikiTableQuestions datasets. We empirically show that, despite pre-training on large open-domain text, performance of models degrades significantly when they are evaluated on unseen topics. In response, we propose T3QA (Topic Transferable Table Question Answering) a pragmatic adaptation framework for TableQA comprising of: (1) topic-specific vocabulary injection into BERT, (2) a novel text-to-text transformer generator (such as T5, GPT2) based natural language question generation pipeline focused on generating topic specific training data, and (3) a logical form reranker. We show that T3QA provides a reasonably good baseline for our topic shift benchmarks. We believe our topic split benchmarks will lead to robust TableQA solutions that are better suited for practical deployment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transferable Persona-Grounded Dialogues via Grounded Minimal Edits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07713">arxiv:2109.07713</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Chen Henry Wu, Yinhe Zheng, Xiaoxi Mao, Minlie Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Grounded dialogue models generate responses that are grounded on certain concepts. Limited by the distribution of grounded dialogue data, models trained on such data face the transferability challenges in terms of the data distribution and the type of grounded concepts. To address the challenges, we propose the grounded minimal editing framework, which minimally edits existing responses to be grounded on the given concept. Focusing on personas, we propose Grounded Minimal Editor (GME), which learns to edit by disentangling and recombining persona-related and persona-agnostic parts of the response. To evaluate persona-grounded minimal editing, we present the PersonaMinEdit dataset, and experimental results show that GME outperforms competitive baselines by a large margin. To evaluate the transferability, we experiment on the test set of BlendedSkillTalk and show that GME can edit dialogue models' responses to largely improve their persona consistency while preserving the use of knowledge and empathy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sign-MAML: Efficient Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning by SignSGD</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07497">arxiv:2109.07497</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Chen Fan, Parikshit Ram, Sijia Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new computationally-efficient first-order algorithm for Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning (MAML). The key enabling technique is to interpret MAML as a bilevel optimization (BLO) problem and leverage the sign-based SGD(signSGD) as a lower-level optimizer of BLO. We show that MAML, through the lens of signSGD-oriented BLO, naturally yields an alternating optimization scheme that just requires first-order gradients of a learned meta-model. We term the resulting MAML algorithm Sign-MAML. Compared to the conventional first-order MAML (FO-MAML) algorithm, Sign-MAML is theoretically-grounded as it does not impose any assumption on the absence of second-order derivatives during meta training. In practice, we show that Sign-MAML outperforms FO-MAML in various few-shot image classification tasks, and compared to MAML, it achieves a much more graceful tradeoff between classification accuracy and computation efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The potential of self-supervised networks for random noise suppression in seismic data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07344">arxiv:2109.07344</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Claire Birnie, Matteo Ravasi, Tariq Alkhalifah, Sixiu Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Noise suppression is an essential step in any seismic processing workflow. A portion of this noise, particularly in land datasets, presents itself as random noise. In recent years, neural networks have been successfully used to denoise seismic data in a supervised fashion. However, supervised learning always comes with the often unachievable requirement of having noisy-clean data pairs for training. Using blind-spot networks, we redefine the denoising task as a self-supervised procedure where the network uses the surrounding noisy samples to estimate the noise-free value of a central sample. Based on the assumption that noise is statistically independent between samples, the network struggles to predict the noise component of the sample due to its randomnicity, whilst the signal component is accurately predicted due to its spatio-temporal coherency. Illustrated on synthetic examples, the blind-spot network is shown to be an efficient denoiser of seismic data contaminated by random noise with minimal damage to the signal; therefore, providing improvements in both the image domain and down-the-line tasks, such as inversion. To conclude the study, the suggested approach is applied to field data and the results are compared with two commonly used random denoising techniques: FX-deconvolution and Curvelet transform. By demonstrating that blind-spot networks are an efficient suppressor of random noise, we believe this is just the beginning of utilising self-supervised learning in seismic applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>End-to-End Learning of Flowchart Grounded Task-Oriented Dialogs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07263">arxiv:2109.07263</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Dinesh Raghu, Shantanu Agarwal, Sachindra Joshi,  Mausam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel problem within end-to-end learning of task-oriented dialogs (TOD), in which the dialog system mimics a troubleshooting agent who helps a user by diagnosing their problem (e.g., car not starting). Such dialogs are grounded in domain-specific flowcharts, which the agent is supposed to follow during the conversation. Our task exposes novel technical challenges for neural TOD, such as grounding an utterance to the flowchart without explicit annotation, referring to additional manual pages when user asks a clarification question, and ability to follow unseen flowcharts at test time. We release a dataset (FloDial) consisting of 2,738 dialogs grounded on 12 different troubleshooting flowcharts. We also design a neural model, FloNet, which uses a retrieval-augmented generation architecture to train the dialog agent. Our experiments find that FloNet can do zero-shot transfer to unseen flowcharts, and sets a strong baseline for future research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarially Regularized Policy Learning Guided by Trajectory Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07627">arxiv:2109.07627</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Zhigen Zhao, Simiao Zuo, Tuo Zhao, Ye Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advancement in combining trajectory optimization with function approximation (especially neural networks) shows promise in learning complex control policies for diverse tasks in robot systems. Despite their great flexibility, the large neural networks for parameterizing control policies impose significant challenges. The learned neural control policies are often overcomplex and non-smooth, which can easily cause unexpected or diverging robot motions. Therefore, they often yield poor generalization performance in practice. To address this issue, we propose adVErsarially Regularized pOlicy learNIng guided by trajeCtory optimizAtion (VERONICA) for learning smooth control policies. Specifically, our proposed approach controls the smoothness (local Lipschitz continuity) of the neural control policies by stabilizing the output control with respect to the worst-case perturbation to the input state. Our experiments on robot manipulation show that our proposed approach not only improves the sample efficiency of neural policy learning but also enhances the robustness of the policy against various types of disturbances, including sensor noise, environmental uncertainty, and model mismatch.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>"It doesn't look good for a date": Transforming Critiques into Preferences for Conversational Recommendation Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07576">arxiv:2109.07576</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Victor S. Bursztyn, Jennifer Healey, Nedim Lipka, Eunyee Koh, Doug Downey, Larry Birnbaum</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Conversations aimed at determining good recommendations are iterative in nature. People often express their preferences in terms of a critique of the current recommendation (e.g., "It doesn't look good for a date"), requiring some degree of common sense for a preference to be inferred. In this work, we present a method for transforming a user critique into a positive preference (e.g., "I prefer more romantic") in order to retrieve reviews pertaining to potentially better recommendations (e.g., "Perfect for a romantic dinner"). We leverage a large neural language model (LM) in a few-shot setting to perform critique-to-preference transformation, and we test two methods for retrieving recommendations: one that matches embeddings, and another that fine-tunes an LM for the task. We instantiate this approach in the restaurant domain and evaluate it using a new dataset of restaurant critiques. In an ablation study, we show that utilizing critique-to-preference transformation improves recommendations, and that there are at least three general cases that explain this improved performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CAMul: Calibrated and Accurate Multi-view Time-Series Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07438">arxiv:2109.07438</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Harshavardhan Kamarthi, Lingkai Kong, Alexander Rodríguez, Chao Zhang, B. Aditya Prakash</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Probabilistic time-series forecasting enables reliable decision making across many domains. Most forecasting problems have diverse sources of data containing multiple modalities and structures. Leveraging information as well as uncertainty from these data sources for well-calibrated and accurate forecasts is an important challenging problem. Most previous work on multi-modal learning and forecasting simply aggregate intermediate representations from each data view by simple methods of summation or concatenation and do not explicitly model uncertainty for each data-view. We propose a general probabilistic multi-view forecasting framework CAMul, that can learn representations and uncertainty from diverse data sources. It integrates the knowledge and uncertainty from each data view in a dynamic context-specific manner assigning more importance to useful views to model a well-calibrated forecast distribution. We use CAMul for multiple domains with varied sources and modalities and show that CAMul outperforms other state-of-art probabilistic forecasting models by over 25\% in accuracy and calibration.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Union: A Unified HW-SW Co-Design Ecosystem in MLIR for Evaluating Tensor Operations on Spatial Accelerators</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07419">arxiv:2109.07419</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Geonhwa Jeong, Gokcen Kestor, Prasanth Chatarasi, Angshuman Parashar, Po-An Tsai, Sivasankaran Rajamanickam, Roberto Gioiosa, Tushar Krishna</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To meet the extreme compute demands for deep learning across commercial and scientific applications, dataflow accelerators are becoming increasingly popular. While these "domain-specific" accelerators are not fully programmable like CPUs and GPUs, they retain varying levels of flexibility with respect to data orchestration, i.e., dataflow and tiling optimizations to enhance efficiency. There are several challenges when designing new algorithms and mapping approaches to execute the algorithms for a target problem on new hardware. Previous works have addressed these challenges individually. To address this challenge as a whole, in this work, we present a HW-SW co-design ecosystem for spatial accelerators called Union within the popular MLIR compiler infrastructure. Our framework allows exploring different algorithms and their mappings on several accelerator cost models. Union also includes a plug-and-play library of accelerator cost models and mappers which can easily be extended. The algorithms and accelerator cost models are connected via a novel mapping abstraction that captures the map space of spatial accelerators which can be systematically pruned based on constraints from the hardware, workload, and mapper. We demonstrate the value of Union for the community with several case studies which examine offloading different tensor operations(CONV/GEMM/Tensor Contraction) on diverse accelerator architectures using different mapping schemes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Beyond Glass-Box Features: Uncertainty Quantification Enhanced Quality Estimation for Neural Machine Translation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07141">arxiv:2109.07141</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Ke Wang, Yangbin Shi, Jiayi Wang, Yuqi Zhang, Yu Zhao, Xiaolin Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quality Estimation (QE) plays an essential role in applications of Machine Translation (MT). Traditionally, a QE system accepts the original source text and translation from a black-box MT system as input. Recently, a few studies indicate that as a by-product of translation, QE benefits from the model and training data's information of the MT system where the translations come from, and it is called the "glass-box QE". In this paper, we extend the definition of "glass-box QE" generally to uncertainty quantification with both "black-box" and "glass-box" approaches and design several features deduced from them to blaze a new trial in improving QE's performance. We propose a framework to fuse the feature engineering of uncertainty quantification into a pre-trained cross-lingual language model to predict the translation quality. Experiment results show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performances on the datasets of WMT 2020 QE shared task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Multi-Task Cross-Task Learning Architecture for Ad-hoc Uncertainty Estimation in 3D Cardiac MRI Image Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07702">arxiv:2109.07702</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>S. M. Kamrul Hasan, Cristian A. Linte</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Medical image segmentation has significantly benefitted thanks to deep learning architectures. Furthermore, semi-supervised learning (SSL) has recently been a growing trend for improving a model's overall performance by leveraging abundant unlabeled data. Moreover, learning multiple tasks within the same model further improves model generalizability. To generate smoother and accurate segmentation masks from 3D cardiac MR images, we present a Multi-task Cross-task learning consistency approach to enforce the correlation between the pixel-level (segmentation) and the geometric-level (distance map) tasks. Our extensive experimentation with varied quantities of labeled data in the training sets justifies the effectiveness of our model for the segmentation of the left atrial cavity from Gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance (GE-MR) images. With the incorporation of uncertainty estimates to detect failures in the segmentation masks generated by CNNs, our study further showcases the potential of our model to flag low-quality segmentation from a given model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Benchmarking Commonsense Knowledge Base Population with an Effective Evaluation Dataset</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07679">arxiv:2109.07679</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Tianqing Fang, Weiqi Wang, Sehyun Choi, Shibo Hao, Hongming Zhang, Yangqiu Song, Bin He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reasoning over commonsense knowledge bases (CSKB) whose elements are in the form of free-text is an important yet hard task in NLP. While CSKB completion only fills the missing links within the domain of the CSKB, CSKB population is alternatively proposed with the goal of reasoning unseen assertions from external resources. In this task, CSKBs are grounded to a large-scale eventuality (activity, state, and event) graph to discriminate whether novel triples from the eventuality graph are plausible or not. However, existing evaluations on the population task are either not accurate (automatic evaluation with randomly sampled negative examples) or of small scale (human annotation). In this paper, we benchmark the CSKB population task with a new large-scale dataset by first aligning four popular CSKBs, and then presenting a high-quality human-annotated evaluation set to probe neural models' commonsense reasoning ability. We also propose a novel inductive commonsense reasoning model that reasons over graphs. Experimental results show that generalizing commonsense reasoning on unseen assertions is inherently a hard task. Models achieving high accuracy during training perform poorly on the evaluation set, with a large gap between human performance. We will make the data publicly available for future contributions. Codes and data are available at https://github.com/HKUST-KnowComp/CSKB-Population.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Comparing Text Representations: A Theory-Driven Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07458">arxiv:2109.07458</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Gregory Yauney, David Mimno</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Much of the progress in contemporary NLP has come from learning representations, such as masked language model (MLM) contextual embeddings, that turn challenging problems into simple classification tasks. But how do we quantify and explain this effect? We adapt general tools from computational learning theory to fit the specific characteristics of text datasets and present a method to evaluate the compatibility between representations and tasks. Even though many tasks can be easily solved with simple bag-of-words (BOW) representations, BOW does poorly on hard natural language inference tasks. For one such task we find that BOW cannot distinguish between real and randomized labelings, while pre-trained MLM representations show 72x greater distinction between real and random labelings than BOW. This method provides a calibrated, quantitative measure of the difficulty of a classification-based NLP task, enabling comparisons between representations without requiring empirical evaluations that may be sensitive to initializations and hyperparameters. The method provides a fresh perspective on the patterns in a dataset and the alignment of those patterns with specific labels.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Bregman Divergence for Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07455">arxiv:2109.07455</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mina Rezaei, Farzin Soleymani, Bernd Bischl, Shekoofeh Azizi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Bregman divergence measures divergence of data points using neural networks which is beyond Euclidean distance and capable of capturing divergence over distributions. In this paper, we propose deep Bregman divergences for contrastive learning of visual representation where we aim to enhance contrastive loss used in self-supervised learning by training additional networks based on functional Bregman divergence. In contrast to the conventional contrastive learning methods which are solely based on divergences between single points, our framework can capture the divergence between distributions which improves the quality of learned representation. We show the combination of conventional contrastive loss and our proposed divergence loss outperforms baseline and most of the previous methods for self-supervised and semi-supervised learning on multiple classifications and object detection tasks and datasets. Moreover, the learned representations generalize well when transferred to the other datasets and tasks. The source code and our models are available in supplementary and will be released with paper.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discriminative and Generative Transformer-based Models For Situation Entity Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07434">arxiv:2109.07434</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mehdi Rezaee, Kasra Darvish, Gaoussou Youssouf Kebe, Francis Ferraro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We re-examine the situation entity (SE) classification task with varying amounts of available training data. We exploit a Transformer-based variational autoencoder to encode sentences into a lower dimensional latent space, which is used to generate the text and learn a SE classifier. Test set and cross-genre evaluations show that when training data is plentiful, the proposed model can improve over the previous discriminative state-of-the-art models. Our approach performs disproportionately better with smaller amounts of training data, but when faced with extremely small sets (4 instances per label), generative RNN methods outperform transformers. Our work provides guidance for future efforts on SE and semantic prediction tasks, and low-label training regimes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SupCL-Seq: Supervised Contrastive Learning for Downstream Optimized Sequence Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07424">arxiv:2109.07424</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Hooman Sedghamiz, Shivam Raval, Enrico Santus, Tuka Alhanai, Mohammad Ghassemi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While contrastive learning is proven to be an effective training strategy in computer vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP) is only recently adopting it as a self-supervised alternative to Masked Language Modeling (MLM) for improving sequence representations. This paper introduces SupCL-Seq, which extends the supervised contrastive learning from computer vision to the optimization of sequence representations in NLP. By altering the dropout mask probability in standard Transformer architectures, for every representation (anchor), we generate augmented altered views. A supervised contrastive loss is then utilized to maximize the system's capability of pulling together similar samples (e.g., anchors and their altered views) and pushing apart the samples belonging to the other classes. Despite its simplicity, SupCLSeq leads to large gains in many sequence classification tasks on the GLUE benchmark compared to a standard BERTbase, including 6% absolute improvement on CoLA, 5.4% on MRPC, 4.7% on RTE and 2.6% on STSB. We also show consistent gains over self supervised contrastively learned representations, especially in non-semantic tasks. Finally we show that these gains are not solely due to augmentation, but rather to a downstream optimized sequence representation. Code: https://github.com/hooman650/SupCL-Seq

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EfficientBERT: Progressively Searching Multilayer Perceptron via Warm-up Knowledge Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07222">arxiv:2109.07222</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Chenhe Dong, Guangrun Wang, Hang Xu, Jiefeng Peng, Xiaozhe Ren, Xiaodan Liang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pre-trained language models have shown remarkable results on various NLP tasks. Nevertheless, due to their bulky size and slow inference speed, it is hard to deploy them on edge devices. In this paper, we have a critical insight that improving the feed-forward network (FFN) in BERT has a higher gain than improving the multi-head attention (MHA) since the computational cost of FFN is 2$\sim$3 times larger than MHA. Hence, to compact BERT, we are devoted to designing efficient FFN as opposed to previous works that pay attention to MHA. Since FFN comprises a multilayer perceptron (MLP) that is essential in BERT optimization, we further design a thorough search space towards an advanced MLP and perform a coarse-to-fine mechanism to search for an efficient BERT architecture. Moreover, to accelerate searching and enhance model transferability, we employ a novel warm-up knowledge distillation strategy at each search stage. Extensive experiments show our searched EfficientBERT is 6.9$\times$ smaller and 4.4$\times$ faster than BERT$\rm_{BASE}$, and has competitive performances on GLUE and SQuAD Benchmarks. Concretely, EfficientBERT attains a 77.7 average score on GLUE \emph{test}, 0.7 higher than MobileBERT$\rm_{TINY}$, and achieves an 85.3/74.5 F1 score on SQuAD v1.1/v2.0 \emph{dev}, 3.2/2.7 higher than TinyBERT$_4$ even without data augmentation. The code is released at https://github.com/cheneydon/efficient-bert.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Mixing Policy for Relaxing Locally Linear Constraints in Mixup</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07177">arxiv:2109.07177</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Guang Liu, Yuzhao Mao, Hailong Huang, Weiguo Gao, Xuan Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Mixup is a recent regularizer for current deep classification networks. Through training a neural network on convex combinations of pairs of examples and their labels, it imposes locally linear constraints on the model's input space. However, such strict linear constraints often lead to under-fitting which degrades the effects of regularization. Noticeably, this issue is getting more serious when the resource is extremely limited. To address these issues, we propose the Adversarial Mixing Policy (AMP), organized in a min-max-rand formulation, to relax the Locally Linear Constraints in Mixup. Specifically, AMP adds a small adversarial perturbation to the mixing coefficients rather than the examples. Thus, slight non-linearity is injected in-between the synthetic examples and synthetic labels. By training on these data, the deep networks are further regularized, and thus achieve a lower predictive error rate. Experiments on five text classification benchmarks and five backbone models have empirically shown that our methods reduce the error rate over Mixup variants in a significant margin (up to 31.3%), especially in low-resource conditions (up to 17.5%).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ROS-X-Habitat: Bridging the ROS Ecosystem with Embodied AI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07703">arxiv:2109.07703</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Guanxiong Chen, Haoyu Yang, Ian M. Mitchell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce ROS-X-Habitat, a software interface that bridges the AI Habitat platform for embodied reinforcement learning agents with other robotics resources via ROS. This interface not only offers standardized communication protocols between embodied agents and simulators, but also enables physics-based simulation. With this interface, roboticists are able to train their own Habitat RL agents in another simulation environment or to develop their own robotic algorithms inside Habitat Sim. Through in silico experiments, we demonstrate that ROS-X-Habitat has minimal impact on the navigation performance and simulation speed of Habitat agents; that a standard set of ROS mapping, planning and navigation tools can run in the Habitat simulator, and that a Habitat agent can run in the standard ROS simulator Gazebo.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Contrastive Learning for Decentralized Unlabeled Medical Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07504">arxiv:2109.07504</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Nanqing Dong, Irina Voiculescu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A label-efficient paradigm in computer vision is based on self-supervised contrastive pre-training on unlabeled data followed by fine-tuning with a small number of labels. Making practical use of a federated computing environment in the clinical domain and learning on medical images poses specific challenges. In this work, we propose FedMoCo, a robust federated contrastive learning (FCL) framework, which makes efficient use of decentralized unlabeled medical data. FedMoCo has two novel modules: metadata transfer, an inter-node statistical data augmentation module, and self-adaptive aggregation, an aggregation module based on representational similarity analysis. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first FCL work on medical images. Our experiments show that FedMoCo can consistently outperform FedAvg, a seminal federated learning framework, in extracting meaningful representations for downstream tasks. We further show that FedMoCo can substantially reduce the amount of labeled data required in a downstream task, such as COVID-19 detection, to achieve a reasonable performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-lingual Transfer of Monolingual Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07348">arxiv:2109.07348</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Evangelia Gogoulou, Ariel Ekgren, Tim Isbister, Magnus Sahlgren</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies in zero-shot cross-lingual learning using multilingual models have falsified the previous hypothesis that shared vocabulary and joint pre-training are the keys to cross-lingual generalization. Inspired by this advancement, we introduce a cross-lingual transfer method for monolingual models based on domain adaptation. We study the effects of such transfer from four different languages to English. Our experimental results on GLUE show that the transferred models outperform the native English model independently of the source language. After probing the English linguistic knowledge encoded in the representations before and after transfer, we find that semantic information is retained from the source language, while syntactic information is learned during transfer. Additionally, the results of evaluating the transferred models in source language tasks reveal that their performance in the source domain deteriorates after transfer.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PoWareMatch: a Quality-aware Deep Learning Approach to Improve Human Schema Matching</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07321">arxiv:2109.07321</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Roee Shraga, Avigdor Gal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Schema matching is a core task of any data integration process. Being investigated in the fields of databases, AI, Semantic Web and data mining for many years, the main challenge remains the ability to generate quality matches among data concepts (e.g., database attributes). In this work, we examine a novel angle on the behavior of humans as matchers, studying match creation as a process. We analyze the dynamics of common evaluation measures (precision, recall, and f-measure), with respect to this angle and highlight the need for unbiased matching to support this analysis. Unbiased matching, a newly defined concept that describes the common assumption that human decisions represent reliable assessments of schemata correspondences, is, however, not an inherent property of human matchers. In what follows, we design PoWareMatch that makes use of a deep learning mechanism to calibrate and filter human matching decisions adhering the quality of a match, which are then combined with algorithmic matching to generate better match results. We provide an empirical evidence, established based on an experiment with more than 200 human matchers over common benchmarks, that PoWareMatch predicts well the benefit of extending the match with an additional correspondence and generates high quality matches. In addition, PoWareMatch outperforms state-of-the-art matching algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evolutionary Reinforcement Learning Dynamics with Irreducible Environmental Uncertainty</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07259">arxiv:2109.07259</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Wolfram Barfuss, Richard P. Mann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we derive and present evolutionary reinforcement learning dynamics in which the agents are irreducibly uncertain about the current state of the environment. We evaluate the dynamics across different classes of partially observable agent-environment systems and find that irreducible environmental uncertainty can lead to better learning outcomes faster, stabilize the learning process and overcome social dilemmas. However, as expected, we do also find that partial observability may cause worse learning outcomes, for example, in the form of a catastrophic limit cycle. Compared to fully observant agents, learning with irreducible environmental uncertainty often requires more exploration and less weight on future rewards to obtain the best learning outcomes. Furthermore, we find a range of dynamical effects induced by partial observability, e.g., a critical slowing down of the learning processes between reward regimes and the separation of the learning dynamics into fast and slow directions. The presented dynamics are a practical tool for researchers in biology, social science and machine learning to systematically investigate the evolutionary effects of environmental uncertainty.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Temporal Parameter-free Deep Skinning of Animated Meshes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07249">arxiv:2109.07249</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Anastasia Moutafidou, Vasileios Toulatzis, Ioannis Fudos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In computer graphics, animation compression is essential for efficient storage, streaming and reproduction of animated meshes. Previous work has presented efficient techniques for compression by deriving skinning transformations and weights using clustering of vertices based on geometric features of vertices over time. In this work we present a novel approach that assigns vertices to bone-influenced clusters and derives weights using deep learning through a training set that consists of pairs of vertex trajectories (temporal vertex sequences) and the corresponding weights drawn from fully rigged animated characters. The approximation error of the resulting linear blend skinning scheme is significantly lower than the error of competent previous methods by producing at the same time a minimal number of bones. Furthermore, the optimal set of transformation and vertices is derived in fewer iterations due to the better initial positioning in the multidimensional variable space. Our method requires no parameters to be determined or tuned by the user during the entire process of compressing a mesh animation sequence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FCA: Learning a 3D Full-coverage Vehicle Camouflage for Multi-view Physical Adversarial Attack</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07193">arxiv:2109.07193</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Donghua Wang, Tingsong Jiang, Jialiang Sun, Weien Zhou, Xiaoya Zhang, Zhiqiang Gong, Wen Yao, Xiaoqian Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Physical adversarial attacks in object detection have attracted increasing attention. However, most previous works focus on hiding the objects from the detector by generating an individual adversarial patch, which only covers the planar part of the vehicle's surface and fails to attack the detector in physical scenarios for multi-view, long-distance and partially occluded objects. To bridge the gap between digital attacks and physical attacks, we exploit the full 3D vehicle surface to propose a robust Full-coverage Camouflage Attack (FCA) to fool detectors. Specifically, we first try rendering the nonplanar camouflage texture over the full vehicle surface. To mimic the real-world environment conditions, we then introduce a transformation function to transfer the rendered camouflaged vehicle into a photo realistic scenario. Finally, we design an efficient loss function to optimize the camouflage texture. Experiments show that the full-coverage camouflage attack can not only outperform state-of-the-art methods under various test cases but also generalize to different environments, vehicles, and object detectors. The code of FCA will be available at: https://idrl-lab.github.io/Full-coverage-camouflage-adversarial-attack/.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Document-Level Paraphrase Generation with Sentence Rewriting and Reordering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07095">arxiv:2109.07095</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhe Lin, Yitao Cai, Xiaojun Wan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Paraphrase generation is an important task in natural language processing. Previous works focus on sentence-level paraphrase generation, while ignoring document-level paraphrase generation, which is a more challenging and valuable task. In this paper, we explore the task of document-level paraphrase generation for the first time and focus on the inter-sentence diversity by considering sentence rewriting and reordering. We propose CoRPG (Coherence Relationship guided Paraphrase Generation), which leverages graph GRU to encode the coherence relationship graph and get the coherence-aware representation for each sentence, which can be used for re-arranging the multiple (possibly modified) input sentences. We create a pseudo document-level paraphrase dataset for training CoRPG. Automatic evaluation results show CoRPG outperforms several strong baseline models on the BERTScore and diversity scores. Human evaluation also shows our model can generate document paraphrase with more diversity and semantic preservation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast Extraction of Word Embedding from Q-contexts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07084">arxiv:2109.07084</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Junsheng Kong, Weizhao Li, Zeyi Liu, Ben Liao, Jiezhong Qiu, Chang-Yu Hsieh, Yi Cai, Shengyu Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The notion of word embedding plays a fundamental role in natural language processing (NLP). However, pre-training word embedding for very large-scale vocabulary is computationally challenging for most existing methods. In this work, we show that with merely a small fraction of contexts (Q-contexts)which are typical in the whole corpus (and their mutual information with words), one can construct high-quality word embedding with negligible errors. Mutual information between contexts and words can be encoded canonically as a sampling state, thus, Q-contexts can be fast constructed. Furthermore, we present an efficient and effective WEQ method, which is capable of extracting word embedding directly from these typical contexts. In practical scenarios, our algorithm runs 11$\sim$13 times faster than well-established methods. By comparing with well-known methods such as matrix factorization, word2vec, GloVeand fasttext, we demonstrate that our method achieves comparable performance on a variety of downstream NLP tasks, and in the meanwhile maintains run-time and resource advantages over all these baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Submodel Averaging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07704">arxiv:2109.07704</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yucheng Ding, Chaoyue Niu, Fan Wu, Shaojie Tang, Chengfei Lv, Yanghe Feng, Guihai Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study practical data characteristics underlying federated learning, where non-i.i.d. data from clients have sparse features, and a certain client's local data normally involves only a small part of the full model, called a submodel. Due to data sparsity, the classical federated averaging (FedAvg) algorithm or its variants will be severely slowed down, because when updating the global model, each client's zero update of the full model excluding its submodel is inaccurately aggregated. Therefore, we propose federated submodel averaging (FedSubAvg), ensuring that the expectation of the global update of each model parameter is equal to the average of the local updates of the clients who involve it. We theoretically proved the convergence rate of FedSubAvg by deriving an upper bound under a new metric called the element-wise gradient norm. In particular, this new metric can characterize the convergence of federated optimization over sparse data, while the conventional metric of squared gradient norm used in FedAvg and its variants cannot. We extensively evaluated FedSubAvg over both public and industrial datasets. The evaluation results demonstrate that FedSubAvg significantly outperforms FedAvg and its variants.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SPIN Road Mapper: Extracting Roads from Aerial Images via Spatial and Interaction Space Graph Reasoning for Autonomous Driving</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07701">arxiv:2109.07701</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Wele Gedara Chaminda Bandara, Jeya Maria Jose Valanarasu, Vishal M. Patel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Road extraction is an essential step in building autonomous navigation systems. Detecting road segments is challenging as they are of varying widths, bifurcated throughout the image, and are often occluded by terrain, cloud, or other weather conditions. Using just convolution neural networks (ConvNets) for this problem is not effective as it is inefficient at capturing distant dependencies between road segments in the image which is essential to extract road connectivity. To this end, we propose a Spatial and Interaction Space Graph Reasoning (SPIN) module which when plugged into a ConvNet performs reasoning over graphs constructed on spatial and interaction spaces projected from the feature maps. Reasoning over spatial space extracts dependencies between different spatial regions and other contextual information. Reasoning over a projected interaction space helps in appropriate delineation of roads from other topographies present in the image. Thus, SPIN extracts long-range dependencies between road segments and effectively delineates roads from other semantics. We also introduce a SPIN pyramid which performs SPIN graph reasoning across multiple scales to extract multi-scale features. We propose a network based on stacked hourglass modules and SPIN pyramid for road segmentation which achieves better performance compared to existing methods. Moreover, our method is computationally efficient and significantly boosts the convergence speed during training, making it feasible for applying on large-scale high-resolution aerial images. Code available at: https://github.com/wgcban/SPIN_RoadMapper.git.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Subspace Learning for Personalized Federated Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07628">arxiv:2109.07628</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Seok-Ju Hahn, Minwoo Jeong, Junghye Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As data is generated and stored almost everywhere, learning a model from a data-decentralized setting is a task of interest for many AI-driven service providers. Although federated learning is settled down as the main solution in such situations, there still exists room for improvement in terms of personalization. Training federated learning systems usually focuses on optimizing a global model that is identically deployed to all client devices. However, a single global model is not sufficient for each client to be personalized on their performance as local data assumes to be not identically distributed across clients. We propose a method to address this situation through the lens of ensemble learning based on the construction of a low-loss subspace continuum that generates a high-accuracy ensemble of two endpoints (i.e. global model and local model). We demonstrate that our method achieves consistent gains both in personalized and unseen client evaluation settings through extensive experiments on several standard benchmark datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Estimation of Warfarin Dosage with Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07564">arxiv:2109.07564</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Arpita Vats</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, it has attempted to use Reinforcement learning to model the proper dosage of Warfarin for patients.The paper first examines two baselines: a fixed model of 35 mg/week dosages and a linear model that relies on patient data. We implemented a LinUCB bandit that improved performance measured on regret and percent incorrect. On top of the LinUCB bandit, we experimented with online supervised learning and reward reshaping to boost performance. Our results clearly beat the baselines and show the promise of using multi-armed bandits and artificial intelligence to aid physicians in deciding proper dosages.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Non-smooth Bayesian Optimization in Tuning Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07563">arxiv:2109.07563</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hengrui Luo, James W. Demmel, Younghyun Cho, Xiaoye S. Li, Yang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Building surrogate models is one common approach when we attempt to learn unknown black-box functions. Bayesian optimization provides a framework which allows us to build surrogate models based on sequential samples drawn from the function and find the optimum. Tuning algorithmic parameters to optimize the performance of large, complicated "black-box" application codes is a specific important application, which aims at finding the optima of black-box functions. Within the Bayesian optimization framework, the Gaussian process model produces smooth or continuous sample paths. However, the black-box function in the tuning problem is often non-smooth. This difficult tuning problem is worsened by the fact that we usually have limited sequential samples from the black-box function. Motivated by these issues encountered in tuning, we propose a novel additive Gaussian process model called clustered Gaussian process (cGP), where the additive components are induced by clustering. In the examples we studied, the performance can be improved by as much as 90% among repetitive experiments. By using this surrogate model, we want to capture the non-smoothness of the black-box function. In addition to an algorithm for constructing this model, we also apply the model to several artificial and real applications to evaluate it.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Comparing Euclidean and Hyperbolic Embeddings on the WordNet Nouns Hypernymy Graph</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07488">arxiv:2109.07488</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sameer Bansal, Adrian Benton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nickel and Kiela (2017) present a new method for embedding tree nodes in the Poincare ball, and suggest that these hyperbolic embeddings are far more effective than Euclidean embeddings at embedding nodes in large, hierarchically structured graphs like the WordNet nouns hypernymy tree. This is especially true in low dimensions (Nickel and Kiela, 2017, Table 1). In this work, we seek to reproduce their experiments on embedding and reconstructing the WordNet nouns hypernymy graph. Counter to what they report, we find that Euclidean embeddings are able to represent this tree at least as well as Poincare embeddings, when allowed at least 50 dimensions. We note that this does not diminish the significance of their work given the impressive performance of hyperbolic embeddings in very low-dimensional settings. However, given the wide influence of their work, our aim here is to present an updated and more accurate comparison between the Euclidean and hyperbolic embeddings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-Register Projection for Headline Part of Speech Tagging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07483">arxiv:2109.07483</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Adrian Benton, Hanyang Li, Igor Malioutov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Part of speech (POS) tagging is a familiar NLP task. State of the art taggers routinely achieve token-level accuracies of over 97% on news body text, evidence that the problem is well understood. However, the register of English news headlines, "headlinese", is very different from the register of long-form text, causing POS tagging models to underperform on headlines. In this work, we automatically annotate news headlines with POS tags by projecting predicted tags from corresponding sentences in news bodies. We train a multi-domain POS tagger on both long-form and headline text and show that joint training on both registers improves over training on just one or naively concatenating training sets. We evaluate on a newly-annotated corpus of over 5,248 English news headlines from the Google sentence compression corpus, and show that our model yields a 23% relative error reduction per token and 19% per headline. In addition, we demonstrate that better headline POS tags can improve the performance of a syntax-based open information extraction system. We make POSH, the POS-tagged Headline corpus, available to encourage research in improved NLP models for news headlines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>When Does Translation Require Context? A Data-driven, Multilingual Exploration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07446">arxiv:2109.07446</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kayo Yin, Patrick Fernandes, André F. T. Martins, Graham Neubig</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although proper handling of discourse phenomena significantly contributes to the quality of machine translation (MT), common translation quality metrics do not adequately capture them. Recent works in context-aware MT attempt to target a small set of these phenomena during evaluation. In this paper, we propose a new metric, P-CXMI, which allows us to identify translations that require context systematically and confirm the difficulty of previously studied phenomena as well as uncover new ones that have not been addressed in previous work. We then develop the Multilingual Discourse-Aware (MuDA) benchmark, a series of taggers for these phenomena in 14 different language pairs, which we use to evaluate context-aware MT. We find that state-of-the-art context-aware MT models find marginal improvements over context-agnostic models on our benchmark, which suggests current models do not handle these ambiguities effectively. We release code and data to invite the MT research community to increase efforts on context-aware translation on discourse phenomena and languages that are currently overlooked.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Wide-area, Low-latency, and Power-efficient 6-DoF Pose Tracking System for Rigid Objects</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07428">arxiv:2109.07428</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Young-Ho Kim, Ankur Kapoor, Tommaso Mansi, Ali Kamen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Position sensitive detectors (PSDs) offer possibility to track single active marker's two (or three) degrees of freedom (DoF) position with a high accuracy, while having a fast response time with high update frequency and low latency, all using a very simple signal processing circuit. However they are not particularly suitable for 6-DoF object pose tracking system due to lack of orientation measurement, limited tracking range, and sensitivity to environmental variation. We propose a novel 6-DoF pose tracking system for a rigid object tracking requiring a single active marker. The proposed system uses a stereo-based PSD pair and multiple Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs). This is done based on a practical approach to identify and control the power of Infrared-Light Emitting Diode (IR-LED) active markers, with an aim to increase the tracking work space and reduce the power consumption. Our proposed tracking system is validated with three different work space sizes and for static and dynamic positional accuracy using robotic arm manipulator with three different dynamic motion patterns. The results show that the static position root-mean-square (RMS) error is 0.6mm. The dynamic position RMS error is 0.7-0.9mm. The orientation RMS error is between 0.04 and 0.9 degree at varied dynamic motion. Overall, our proposed tracking system is capable of tracking a rigid object pose with sub-millimeter accuracy at the mid range of the work space and sub-degree accuracy for all work space under a lab setting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Unified Framework for Biphasic Facial Age Translation with Noisy-Semantic Guided Generative Adversarial Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07373">arxiv:2109.07373</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Muyi Sun, Jian Wang, Yunfan Liu, Qi Li, Zhenan Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Biphasic facial age translation aims at predicting the appearance of the input face at any age. Facial age translation has received considerable research attention in the last decade due to its practical value in cross-age face recognition and various entertainment applications. However, most existing methods model age changes between holistic images, regardless of the human face structure and the age-changing patterns of individual facial components. Consequently, the lack of semantic supervision will cause infidelity of generated faces in detail. To this end, we propose a unified framework for biphasic facial age translation with noisy-semantic guided generative adversarial networks. Structurally, we project the class-aware noisy semantic layouts to soft latent maps for the following injection operation on the individual facial parts. In particular, we introduce two sub-networks, ProjectionNet and ConstraintNet. ProjectionNet introduces the low-level structural semantic information with noise map and produces soft latent maps. ConstraintNet disentangles the high-level spatial features to constrain the soft latent maps, which endows more age-related context into the soft latent maps. Specifically, attention mechanism is employed in ConstraintNet for feature disentanglement. Meanwhile, in order to mine the strongest mapping ability of the network, we embed two types of learning strategies in the training procedure, supervised self-driven generation and unsupervised condition-driven cycle-consistent generation. As a result, extensive experiments conducted on MORPH and CACD datasets demonstrate the prominent ability of our proposed method which achieves state-of-the-art performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>S3LAM: Structured Scene SLAM</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07339">arxiv:2109.07339</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mathieu Gonzalez, Eric Marchand, Amine Kacete, Jérôme Royan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new general SLAM system that uses the semantic segmentation of objects and structures in the scene. Semantic information is relevant as it contains high level information which may make SLAM more accurate and robust. Our contribution is threefold: i) A new SLAM system based on ORB-SLAM2 that creates a semantic map made of clusters of points corresponding to objects instances and structures in the scene. ii) A modification of the classical Bundle Adjustment formulation to constrain each cluster using geometrical priors, which improves both camera localization and reconstruction and enables a better understanding of the scene. iii) A new Bundle Adjustment formulation at the level of clusters to improve the convergence of classical Bundle Adjustment. We evaluate our approach on several sequences from a public dataset and show that, with respect to ORB-SLAM2 it improves camera pose estimation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Comparing decision mining approaches with regard to the meaningfulness of their results</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07335">arxiv:2109.07335</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Beate Scheibel, Stefanie Rinderle-Ma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Decisions and the underlying rules are indispensable for driving process execution during runtime, i.e., for routing process instances at alternative branches based on the values of process data. Decision rules can comprise unary data conditions, e.g., age > 40, binary data conditions where the relation between two or more variables is relevant, e.g. temperature1 < temperature2, and more complex conditions that refer to, for example, parts of a medical image. Decision discovery aims at automatically deriving decision rules from process event logs. Existing approaches focus on the discovery of unary, or in some instances binary data conditions. The discovered decision rules are usually evaluated using accuracy, but not with regards to their semantics and meaningfulness, although this is crucial for validation and the subsequent implementation/adaptation of the decision rules. Hence, this paper compares three decision mining approaches, i.e., two existing ones and one newly described approach, with respect to the meaningfulness of their results. For comparison, we use one synthetic data set for a realistic manufacturing case and the two real-world BPIC 2017/2020 logs. The discovered rules are discussed with regards to their semantics and meaningfulness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeFungi: Direct Mycological Examination of Microscopic Fungi Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07322">arxiv:2109.07322</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Camilo Javier Pineda Sopo, Farshid Hajati, Soheila Gheisari</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traditionally, diagnosis and treatment of fungal infections in humans depend heavily on face-to-face consultations or examinations made by specialized laboratory scientists known as mycologists. In many cases, such as the recent mucormycosis spread in the COVID-19 pandemic, an initial treatment can be safely suggested to the patient during the earliest stage of the mycological diagnostic process by performing a direct examination of biopsies or samples through a microscope. Computer-aided diagnosis systems using deep learning models have been trained and used for the late mycological diagnostic stages. However, there are no reference literature works made for the early stages. A mycological laboratory in Colombia donated the images used for the development of this research work. They were manually labelled into five classes and curated with a subject matter expert assistance. The images were later cropped and patched with automated code routines to produce the final dataset. This paper presents experimental results classifying five fungi types using two different deep learning approaches and three different convolutional neural network models, VGG16, Inception V3, and ResNet50. The first approach benchmarks the classification performance for the models trained from scratch, while the second approach benchmarks the classification performance using pre-trained models based on the ImageNet dataset. Using k-fold cross-validation testing on the 5-class dataset, the best performing model trained from scratch was Inception V3, reporting 73.2% accuracy. Also, the best performing model using transfer learning was VGG16 reporting 85.04%. The statistics provided by the two approaches create an initial point of reference to encourage future research works to improve classification performance. Furthermore, the dataset built is published in Kaggle and GitHub to foster future research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Integrating Sensing and Communication in Cellular Networks via NR Sidelink</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07253">arxiv:2109.07253</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Dariush Salami, Ramin Hasibi, Stefano Savazzi, Tom Michoel, Stephan Sigg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** RF-sensing, the analysis and interpretation of movement or environment-induced patterns in received electromagnetic signals, has been actively investigated for more than a decade. Since electromagnetic signals, through cellular communication systems, are omnipresent, RF sensing has the potential to become a universal sensing mechanism with applications in smart home, retail, localization, gesture recognition, intrusion detection, etc. Specifically, existing cellular network installations might be dual-used for both communication and sensing. Such communications and sensing convergence is envisioned for future communication networks. We propose the use of NR-sidelink direct device-to-device communication to achieve device-initiated,flexible sensing capabilities in beyond 5G cellular communication systems. In this article, we specifically investigate a common issue related to sidelink-based RF-sensing, which is its angle and rotation dependence. In particular, we discuss transformations of mmWave point-cloud data which achieve rotational invariance, as well as distributed processing based on such rotational invariant inputs, at angle and distance diverse devices. To process the distributed data, we propose a graph based encoder to capture spatio-temporal features of the data and propose four approaches for multi-angle learning. The approaches are compared on a newly recorded and openly available dataset comprising 15 subjects, performing 21 gestures which are recorded from 8 angles.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Navigation-Oriented Scene Understanding for Robotic Autonomy: Learning to Segment Driveability in Egocentric Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07245">arxiv:2109.07245</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Galadrielle Humblot-Renaux, Letizia Marchegiani, Thomas B. Moeslund, Rikke Gade</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work tackles scene understanding for outdoor robotic navigation, solely relying on images captured by an on-board camera. Conventional visual scene understanding interprets the environment based on specific descriptive categories. However, such a representation is not directly interpretable for decision-making and constrains robot operation to a specific domain. Thus, we propose to segment egocentric images directly in terms of how a robot can navigate in them, and tailor the learning problem to an autonomous navigation task. Building around an image segmentation network, we present a generic and scalable affordance-based definition consisting of 3 driveability levels which can be applied to arbitrary scenes. By encoding these levels with soft ordinal labels, we incorporate inter-class distances during learning which improves segmentation compared to standard one-hot labelling. In addition, we propose a navigation-oriented pixel-wise loss weighting method which assigns higher importance to safety-critical areas. We evaluate our approach on large-scale public image segmentation datasets spanning off-road and urban scenes. In a zero-shot cross-dataset generalization experiment, we show that our affordance learning scheme can be applied across a diverse mix of datasets and improves driveability estimation in unseen environments compared to general-purpose, single-dataset segmentation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dialog speech sentiment classification for imbalanced datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07228">arxiv:2109.07228</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sergis Nicolaou, Lambros Mavrides, Georgina Tryfou, Kyriakos Tolias, Konstantinos Panousis, Sotirios Chatzis, Sergios Theodoridis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Speech is the most common way humans express their feelings, and sentiment analysis is the use of tools such as natural language processing and computational algorithms to identify the polarity of these feelings. Even though this field has seen tremendous advancements in the last two decades, the task of effectively detecting under represented sentiments in different kinds of datasets is still a challenging task. In this paper, we use single and bi-modal analysis of short dialog utterances and gain insights on the main factors that aid in sentiment detection, particularly in the underrepresented classes, in datasets with and without inherent sentiment component. Furthermore, we propose an architecture which uses a learning rate scheduler and different monitoring criteria and provides state-of-the-art results for the SWITCHBOARD imbalanced sentiment dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Risk Measurement, Risk Entropy, and Autonomous Driving Risk Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07211">arxiv:2109.07211</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiamin Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It has been for a long time to use big data of autonomous vehicles for perception, prediction, planning, and control of driving. Naturally, it is increasingly questioned why not using this big data for risk management and actuarial modeling. This article examines the emerging technical difficulties, new ideas, and methods of risk modeling under autonomous driving scenarios. Compared with the traditional risk model, the novel model is more consistent with the real road traffic and driving safety performance. More importantly, it provides technical feasibility for realizing risk assessment and car insurance pricing under a computer simulation environment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Solving Occlusion in Terrain Mapping with Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07150">arxiv:2109.07150</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Maximilian Stölzle, Takahiro Miki, Levin Gerdes, Martin Azkarate, Marco Hutter</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate and complete terrain maps enhance the awareness of autonomous robots and enable safe and optimal path planning. Rocks and topography often create occlusions and lead to missing elevation information in the Digital Elevation Map (DEM). Currently, mostly traditional inpainting techniques based on diffusion or patch-matching are used by autonomous mobile robots to fill-in incomplete DEMs. These methods cannot leverage the high-level terrain characteristics and the geometric constraints of line of sight we humans use intuitively to predict occluded areas. We propose to use neural networks to reconstruct the occluded areas in DEMs. We introduce a self-supervised learning approach capable of training on real-world data without a need for ground-truth information. We accomplish this by adding artificial occlusion to the incomplete elevation maps constructed on a real robot by performing ray casting. We first evaluate a supervised learning approach on synthetic data for which we have the full ground-truth available and subsequently move to several real-world datasets. These real-world datasets were recorded during autonomous exploration of both structured and unstructured terrain with a legged robot, and additionally in a planetary scenario on Lunar analogue terrain. We state a significant improvement compared to the Telea and Navier-Stokes baseline methods both on synthetic terrain and for the real-world datasets. Our neural network is able to run in real-time on both CPU and GPU with suitable sampling rates for autonomous ground robots.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fusion with Hierarchical Graphs for Mulitmodal Emotion Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07149">arxiv:2109.07149</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Shuyun Tang, Zhaojie Luo, Guoshun Nan, Yuichiro Yoshikawa, Ishiguro Hiroshi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automatic emotion recognition (AER) based on enriched multimodal inputs, including text, speech, and visual clues, is crucial in the development of emotionally intelligent machines. Although complex modality relationships have been proven effective for AER, they are still largely underexplored because previous works predominantly relied on various fusion mechanisms with simply concatenated features to learn multimodal representations for emotion classification. This paper proposes a novel hierarchical fusion graph convolutional network (HFGCN) model that learns more informative multimodal representations by considering the modality dependencies during the feature fusion procedure. Specifically, the proposed model fuses multimodality inputs using a two-stage graph construction approach and encodes the modality dependencies into the conversation representation. We verified the interpretable capabilities of the proposed method by projecting the emotional states to a 2D valence-arousal (VA) subspace. Extensive experiments showed the effectiveness of our proposed model for more accurate AER, which yielded state-of-the-art results on two public datasets, IEMOCAP and MELD.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Universal Adversarial Attack on Deep Learning Based Prognostics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07142">arxiv:2109.07142</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Arghya Basak, Pradeep Rathore, Sri Harsha Nistala, Sagar Srinivas, Venkataramana Runkana</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning-based time series models are being extensively utilized in engineering and manufacturing industries for process control and optimization, asset monitoring, diagnostic and predictive maintenance. These models have shown great improvement in the prediction of the remaining useful life (RUL) of industrial equipment but suffer from inherent vulnerability to adversarial attacks. These attacks can be easily exploited and can lead to catastrophic failure of critical industrial equipment. In general, different adversarial perturbations are computed for each instance of the input data. This is, however, difficult for the attacker to achieve in real time due to higher computational requirement and lack of uninterrupted access to the input data. Hence, we present the concept of universal adversarial perturbation, a special imperceptible noise to fool regression based RUL prediction models. Attackers can easily utilize universal adversarial perturbations for real-time attack since continuous access to input data and repetitive computation of adversarial perturbations are not a prerequisite for the same. We evaluate the effect of universal adversarial attacks using NASA turbofan engine dataset. We show that addition of universal adversarial perturbation to any instance of the input data increases error in the output predicted by the model. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to study the effect of the universal adversarial perturbation on time series regression models. We further demonstrate the effect of varying the strength of perturbations on RUL prediction models and found that model accuracy decreases with the increase in perturbation strength of the universal adversarial attack. We also showcase that universal adversarial perturbation can be transferred across different models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Low-Resource Named Entity Recognition Based on Multi-hop Dependency Trigger</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07118">arxiv:2109.07118</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiangxu Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents a simple and effective approach in low-resource named entity recognition (NER) based on multi-hop dependency trigger. Dependency trigger refer to salient nodes relative to a entity in the dependency graph of a context sentence. Our main observation is that there often exists trigger which play an important role to recognize the location and type of entity in sentence. Previous research has used manual labelling of trigger. Our main contribution is to propose use a syntactic parser to automatically annotate trigger. Experiments on two English datasets (CONLL 2003 and BC5CDR) show that the proposed method is comparable to the previous trigger-based NER model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decoupling Long- and Short-Term Patterns in Spatiotemporal Inference</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09506">arxiv:2109.09506</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Junfeng Hu, Yuxuan Liang, Zhencheng Fan, Yifang Yin, Ying Zhang, Roger Zimmermann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sensors are the key to sensing the environment and imparting benefits to smart cities in many aspects, such as providing real-time air quality information throughout an urban area. However, a prerequisite is to obtain fine-grained knowledge of the environment. There is a limit to how many sensors can be installed in the physical world due to non-negligible expenses. In this paper, we propose to infer real-time information of any given location in a city based on historical and current observations from the available sensors (termed spatiotemporal inference). Our approach decouples the modeling of short-term and long-term patterns, relying on two major components. Firstly, unlike previous studies that separated the spatial and temporal relation learning, we introduce a joint spatiotemporal graph attention network that learns the short-term dependencies across both the spatial and temporal dimensions. Secondly, we propose an adaptive graph recurrent network with a time skip for capturing long-term patterns. The adaptive adjacency matrices are learned inductively first as the inputs of a recurrent network to learn dynamic dependencies. Experimental results on four public real-world datasets show that our method reduces state-of-the-art baseline mean absolute errors by 5%~12%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Image Captioning for Effective Use of Language Models in Knowledge-Based Visual Question Answering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08029">arxiv:2109.08029</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ander Salaberria, Gorka Azkune, Oier Lopez de Lacalle, Aitor Soroa, Eneko Agirre</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Integrating outside knowledge for reasoning in visio-linguistic tasks such as visual question answering (VQA) is an open problem. Given that pretrained language models have been shown to include world knowledge, we propose to use a unimodal (text-only) train and inference procedure based on automatic off-the-shelf captioning of images and pretrained language models. Our results on a visual question answering task which requires external knowledge (OK-VQA) show that our text-only model outperforms pretrained multimodal (image-text) models of comparable number of parameters. In contrast, our model is less effective in a standard VQA task (VQA 2.0) confirming that our text-only method is specially effective for tasks requiring external knowledge. In addition, we show that our unimodal model is complementary to multimodal models in both OK-VQA and VQA 2.0, and yield the best result to date in OK-VQA among systems not using external knowledge graphs, and comparable to systems that do use them. Our qualitative analysis on OK-VQA reveals that automatic captions often fail to capture relevant information in the images, which seems to be balanced by the better inference ability of the text-only language models. Our work opens up possibilities to further improve inference in visio-linguistic tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Architecture Search in operational context: a remote sensing case-study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08028">arxiv:2109.08028</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anthony Cazasnoves, Pierre-Antoine Ganaye, Kévin Sanchis, Tugdual Ceillier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning has become in recent years a cornerstone tool fueling key innovations in the industry, such as autonomous driving. To attain good performances, the neural network architecture used for a given application must be chosen with care. These architectures are often handcrafted and therefore prone to human biases and sub-optimal selection. Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is a framework introduced to mitigate such risks by jointly optimizing the network architectures and its weights. Albeit its novelty, it was applied on complex tasks with significant results - e.g. semantic image segmentation. In this technical paper, we aim to evaluate its ability to tackle a challenging operational task: semantic segmentation of objects of interest in satellite imagery. Designing a NAS framework is not trivial and has strong dependencies to hardware constraints. We therefore motivate our NAS approach selection and provide corresponding implementation details. We also present novel ideas to carry out other such use-case studies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Behavior of Keyword Spotting Networks Under Noisy Conditions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07930">arxiv:2109.07930</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anwesh Mohanty, Adrian Frischknecht, Christoph Gerum, Oliver Bringmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Keyword spotting (KWS) is becoming a ubiquitous need with the advancement in artificial intelligence and smart devices. Recent work in this field have focused on several different architectures to achieve good results on datasets with low to moderate noise. However, the performance of these models deteriorates under high noise conditions as shown by our experiments. In our paper, we present an extensive comparison between state-of-the-art KWS networks under various noisy conditions. We also suggest adaptive batch normalization as a technique to improve the performance of the networks when the noise files are unknown during the training phase. The results of such high noise characterization enable future work in developing models that perform better in the aforementioned conditions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepMTS: Deep Multi-task Learning for Survival Prediction in Patients with Advanced Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma using Pretreatment PET/CT</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07711">arxiv:2109.07711</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mingyuan Meng, Bingxin Gu, Lei Bi, Shaoli Song, David Dagan Feng, Jinman Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma (NPC) is a worldwide malignant epithelial cancer. Survival prediction is a major concern for NPC patients, as it provides early prognostic information that is needed to guide treatments. Recently, deep learning, which leverages Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to learn deep representations of image patterns, has been introduced to the survival prediction in various cancers including NPC. It has been reported that image-derived end-to-end deep survival models have the potential to outperform clinical prognostic indicators and traditional radiomics-based survival models in prognostic performance. However, deep survival models, especially 3D models, require large image training data to avoid overfitting. Unfortunately, medical image data is usually scarce, especially for Positron Emission Tomography/Computed Tomography (PET/CT) due to the high cost of PET/CT scanning. Compared to Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) or Computed Tomography (CT) providing only anatomical information of tumors, PET/CT that provides both anatomical (from CT) and metabolic (from PET) information is promising to achieve more accurate survival prediction. However, we have not identified any 3D end-to-end deep survival model that applies to small PET/CT data of NPC patients. In this study, we introduced the concept of multi-task leaning into deep survival models to address the overfitting problem resulted from small data. Tumor segmentation was incorporated as an auxiliary task to enhance the model's efficiency of learning from scarce PET/CT data. Based on this idea, we proposed a 3D end-to-end Deep Multi-Task Survival model (DeepMTS) for joint survival prediction and tumor segmentation. Our DeepMTS can jointly learn survival prediction and tumor segmentation using PET/CT data of only 170 patients with advanced NPC.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploiting Activation based Gradient Output Sparsity to Accelerate Backpropagation in CNNs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07710">arxiv:2109.07710</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anup Sarma, Sonali Singh, Huaipan Jiang, Ashutosh Pattnaik, Asit K Mishra, Vijaykrishnan Narayanan, Mahmut T Kandemir, Chita R Das</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine/deep-learning (ML/DL) based techniques are emerging as a driving force behind many cutting-edge technologies, achieving high accuracy on computer vision workloads such as image classification and object detection. However, training these models involving large parameters is both time-consuming and energy-hogging. In this regard, several prior works have advocated for sparsity to speed up the of DL training and more so, the inference phase. This work begins with the observation that during training, sparsity in the forward and backward passes are correlated. In that context, we investigate two types of sparsity (input and output type) inherent in gradient descent-based optimization algorithms and propose a hardware micro-architecture to leverage the same. Our experimental results use five state-of-the-art CNN models on the Imagenet dataset, and show back propagation speedups in the range of 1.69$\times$ to 5.43$\times$, compared to the dense baseline execution. By exploiting sparsity in both the forward and backward passes, speedup improvements range from 1.68$\times$ to 3.30$\times$ over the sparsity-agnostic baseline execution. Our work also achieves significant reduction in training iteration time over several previously proposed dense as well as sparse accelerator based platforms, in addition to achieving order of magnitude energy efficiency improvements over GPU based execution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Jointly Modeling Aspect and Polarity for Aspect-based Sentiment Analysis in Persian Reviews</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07680">arxiv:2109.07680</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Milad Vazan, Jafar Razmara</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Identification of user's opinions from natural language text has become an exciting field of research due to its growing applications in the real world. The research field is known as sentiment analysis and classification, where aspect category detection (ACD) and aspect category polarity (ACP) are two important sub-tasks of aspect-based sentiment analysis. The goal in ACD is to specify which aspect of the entity comes up in opinion while ACP aims to specify the polarity of each aspect category from the ACD task. The previous works mostly propose separate solutions for these two sub-tasks. This paper focuses on the ACD and ACP sub-tasks to solve both problems simultaneously. The proposed method carries out multi-label classification where four different deep models were employed and comparatively evaluated to examine their performance. A dataset of Persian reviews was collected from CinemaTicket website including 2200 samples from 14 categories. The developed models were evaluated using the collected dataset in terms of example-based and label-based metrics. The results indicate the high applicability and preference of the CNN and GRU models in comparison to LSTM and Bi-LSTM.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BacHMMachine: An Interpretable and Scalable Model for Algorithmic Harmonization for Four-part Baroque Chorales</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07623">arxiv:2109.07623</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yunyao Zhu, Stephen Hahn, Simon Mak, Yue Jiang, Cynthia Rudin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Algorithmic harmonization - the automated harmonization of a musical piece given its melodic line - is a challenging problem that has garnered much interest from both music theorists and computer scientists. One genre of particular interest is the four-part Baroque chorales of J.S. Bach. Methods for algorithmic chorale harmonization typically adopt a black-box, "data-driven" approach: they do not explicitly integrate principles from music theory but rely on a complex learning model trained with a large amount of chorale data. We propose instead a new harmonization model, called BacHMMachine, which employs a "theory-driven" framework guided by music composition principles, along with a "data-driven" model for learning compositional features within this framework. As its name suggests, BacHMMachine uses a novel Hidden Markov Model based on key and chord transitions, providing a probabilistic framework for learning key modulations and chordal progressions from a given melodic line. This allows for the generation of creative, yet musically coherent chorale harmonizations; integrating compositional principles allows for a much simpler model that results in vast decreases in computational burden and greater interpretability compared to state-of-the-art algorithmic harmonization methods, at no penalty to quality of harmonization or musicality. We demonstrate this improvement via comprehensive experiments and Turing tests comparing BacHMMachine to existing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Interpretable Additive Recurrent Neural Networks For Multivariate Clinical Time Series</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07602">arxiv:2109.07602</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Asif Rahman, Yale Chang, Jonathan Rubin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Time series models with recurrent neural networks (RNNs) can have high accuracy but are unfortunately difficult to interpret as a result of feature-interactions, temporal-interactions, and non-linear transformations. Interpretability is important in domains like healthcare where constructing models that provide insight into the relationships they have learned are required to validate and trust model predictions. We want accurate time series models where users can understand the contribution of individual input features. We present the Interpretable-RNN (I-RNN) that balances model complexity and accuracy by forcing the relationship between variables in the model to be additive. Interactions are restricted between hidden states of the RNN and additively combined at the final step. I-RNN specifically captures the unique characteristics of clinical time series, which are unevenly sampled in time, asynchronously acquired, and have missing data. Importantly, the hidden state activations represent feature coefficients that correlate with the prediction target and can be visualized as risk curves that capture the global relationship between individual input features and the outcome. We evaluate the I-RNN model on the Physionet 2012 Challenge dataset to predict in-hospital mortality, and on a real-world clinical decision support task: predicting hemodynamic interventions in the intensive care unit. I-RNN provides explanations in the form of global and local feature importances comparable to highly intelligible models like decision trees trained on hand-engineered features while significantly outperforming them. I-RNN remains intelligible while providing accuracy comparable to state-of-the-art decay-based and interpolation-based recurrent time series models. The experimental results on real-world clinical datasets refute the myth that there is a tradeoff between accuracy and interpretability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Column Streaming-Based Convolution Engine and Mapping Algorithm for CNN-based Edge AI accelerators</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07601">arxiv:2109.07601</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Weison Lin, Tughrul Arslan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Edge AI accelerators have been emerging as a solution for near customers' applications in areas such as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), image recognition sensors, wearable devices, robotics, and remote sensing satellites. These applications not only require meeting performance targets but also meeting strict area and power constraints due to their portable mobility feature and limited power sources. As a result, a column streaming-based convolution engine has been proposed in this paper that includes column sets of processing elements design for flexibility in terms of the applicability for different CNN algorithms in edge AI accelerators. Comparing to a commercialized CNN accelerator, the key results reveal that the column streaming-based convolution engine requires similar execution cycles for processing a 227 x 227 feature map with avoiding zero-padding penalties.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Complementarity of Data Selection and Fine Tuning for Domain Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07591">arxiv:2109.07591</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dan Iter, David Grangier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Domain adaptation of neural networks commonly relies on three training phases: pretraining, selected data training and then fine tuning. Data selection improves target domain generalization by training further on pretraining data identified by relying on a small sample of target domain data. This work examines the benefit of data selection for language modeling and machine translation. Our experiments assess the complementarity of selection with fine tuning and result in practical recommendations: (i) selected data must be similar to the fine-tuning domain but not so much as to erode the complementary effect of fine-tuning; (ii) there is a trade-off between selecting little data for fast but limited progress or much data for slow but long lasting progress; (iii) data selection can be applied early during pretraining, with performance gains comparable to long pretraining session; (iv) data selection from domain classifiers is often more effective than the popular contrastive data selection method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Framework for Multisensory Foresight for Embodied Agents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07561">arxiv:2109.07561</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiaohui Chen, Ramtin Hosseini, Karen Panetta, Jivko Sinapov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Predicting future sensory states is crucial for learning agents such as robots, drones, and autonomous vehicles. In this paper, we couple multiple sensory modalities with exploratory actions and propose a predictive neural network architecture to address this problem. Most existing approaches rely on large, manually annotated datasets, or only use visual data as a single modality. In contrast, the unsupervised method presented here uses multi-modal perceptions for predicting future visual frames. As a result, the proposed model is more comprehensive and can better capture the spatio-temporal dynamics of the environment, leading to more accurate visual frame prediction. The other novelty of our framework is the use of sub-networks dedicated to anticipating future haptic, audio, and tactile signals. The framework was tested and validated with a dataset containing 4 sensory modalities (vision, haptic, audio, and tactile) on a humanoid robot performing 9 behaviors multiple times on a large set of objects. While the visual information is the dominant modality, utilizing the additional non-visual modalities improves the accuracy of predictions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RaWaNet: Enriching Graph Neural Network Input via Random Walks on Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07555">arxiv:2109.07555</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anahita Iravanizad, Edgar Ivan Sanchez Medina, Martin Stoll</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, graph neural networks (GNNs) have gained increasing popularity and have shown very promising results for data that are represented by graphs. The majority of GNN architectures are designed based on developing new convolutional and/or pooling layers that better extract the hidden and deeper representations of the graphs to be used for different prediction tasks. The inputs to these layers are mainly the three default descriptors of a graph, node features $(X)$, adjacency matrix $(A)$, and edge features $(W)$ (if available). To provide a more enriched input to the network, we propose a random walk data processing of the graphs based on three selected lengths. Namely, (regular) walks of length 1 and 2, and a fractional walk of length $γ\in (0,1)$, in order to capture the different local and global dynamics on the graphs. We also calculate the stationary distribution of each random walk, which is then used as a scaling factor for the initial node features ($X$). This way, for each graph, the network receives multiple adjacency matrices along with their individual weighting for the node features. We test our method on various molecular datasets by passing the processed node features to the network in order to perform several classification and regression tasks. Interestingly, our method, not using edge features which are heavily exploited in molecular graph learning, let a shallow network outperform well known deep GNNs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Pathology Deep Learning System Capable of Triage of Melanoma Specimens Utilizing Dermatopathologist Consensus as Ground Truth</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07554">arxiv:2109.07554</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sivaramakrishnan Sankarapandian, Saul Kohn, Vaughn Spurrier, Sean Grullon, Rajath E. Soans, Kameswari D. Ayyagari, Ramachandra V. Chamarthi, Kiran Motaparthi, Jason B. Lee, Wonwoo Shon, Michael Bonham, Julianna D. Ianni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although melanoma occurs more rarely than several other skin cancers, patients' long term survival rate is extremely low if the diagnosis is missed. Diagnosis is complicated by a high discordance rate among pathologists when distinguishing between melanoma and benign melanocytic lesions. A tool that allows pathology labs to sort and prioritize melanoma cases in their workflow could improve turnaround time by prioritizing challenging cases and routing them directly to the appropriate subspecialist. We present a pathology deep learning system (PDLS) that performs hierarchical classification of digitized whole slide image (WSI) specimens into six classes defined by their morphological characteristics, including classification of "Melanocytic Suspect" specimens likely representing melanoma or severe dysplastic nevi. We trained the system on 7,685 images from a single lab (the reference lab), including the the largest set of triple-concordant melanocytic specimens compiled to date, and tested the system on 5,099 images from two distinct validation labs. We achieved Area Underneath the ROC Curve (AUC) values of 0.93 classifying Melanocytic Suspect specimens on the reference lab, 0.95 on the first validation lab, and 0.82 on the second validation lab. We demonstrate that the PDLS is capable of automatically sorting and triaging skin specimens with high sensitivity to Melanocytic Suspect cases and that a pathologist would only need between 30% and 60% of the caseload to address all melanoma specimens.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning the Regularization in DCE-MR Image Reconstruction for Functional Imaging of Kidneys</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07548">arxiv:2109.07548</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Aziz Koçanaoğulları, Cemre Ariyurek, Onur Afacan, Sila Kurugol</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Kidney DCE-MRI aims at both qualitative assessment of kidney anatomy and quantitative assessment of kidney function by estimating the tracer kinetic (TK) model parameters. Accurate estimation of TK model parameters requires an accurate measurement of the arterial input function (AIF) with high temporal resolution. Accelerated imaging is used to achieve high temporal resolution, which yields under-sampling artifacts in the reconstructed images. Compressed sensing (CS) methods offer a variety of reconstruction options. Most commonly, sparsity of temporal differences is encouraged for regularization to reduce artifacts. Increasing regularization in CS methods removes the ambient artifacts but also over-smooths the signal temporally which reduces the parameter estimation accuracy. In this work, we propose a single image trained deep neural network to reduce MRI under-sampling artifacts without reducing the accuracy of functional imaging markers. Instead of regularizing with a penalty term in optimization, we promote regularization by generating images from a lower dimensional representation. In this manuscript we motivate and explain the lower dimensional input design. We compare our approach to CS reconstructions with multiple regularization weights. Proposed approach results in kidney biomarkers that are highly correlated with the ground truth markers estimated using the CS reconstruction which was optimized for functional analysis. At the same time, the proposed approach reduces the artifacts in the reconstructed images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discovering Useful Compact Sets of Sequential Rules in a Long Sequence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07519">arxiv:2109.07519</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Erwan Bourrand, Luis Galárraga, Esther Galbrun, Elisa Fromont, Alexandre Termier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We are interested in understanding the underlying generation process for long sequences of symbolic events. To do so, we propose COSSU, an algorithm to mine small and meaningful sets of sequential rules. The rules are selected using an MDL-inspired criterion that favors compactness and relies on a novel rule-based encoding scheme for sequences. Our evaluation shows that COSSU can successfully retrieve relevant sets of closed sequential rules from a long sequence. Such rules constitute an interpretable model that exhibits competitive accuracy for the tasks of next-element prediction and classification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepMetis: Augmenting a Deep Learning Test Set to Increase its Mutation Score</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07514">arxiv:2109.07514</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Vincenzo Riccio, Nargiz Humbatova, Gunel Jahangirova, Paolo Tonella</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Learning (DL) components are routinely integrated into software systems that need to perform complex tasks such as image or natural language processing. The adequacy of the test data used to test such systems can be assessed by their ability to expose artificially injected faults (mutations) that simulate real DL faults. In this paper, we describe an approach to automatically generate new test inputs that can be used to augment the existing test set so that its capability to detect DL mutations increases. Our tool DeepMetis implements a search based input generation strategy. To account for the non-determinism of the training and the mutation processes, our fitness function involves multiple instances of the DL model under test. Experimental results show that \tool is effective at augmenting the given test set, increasing its capability to detect mutants by 63% on average. A leave-one-out experiment shows that the augmented test set is capable of exposing unseen mutants, which simulate the occurrence of yet undetected faults.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Aggregate and Refine Noisy Labels for Visual Sentiment Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07509">arxiv:2109.07509</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wei Zhu, Zihe Zheng, Haitian Zheng, Hanjia Lyu, Jiebo Luo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual sentiment analysis has received increasing attention in recent years. However, the quality of the dataset is a concern because the sentiment labels are crowd-sourcing, subjective, and prone to mistakes. This poses a severe threat to the data-driven models including the deep neural networks which would generalize poorly on the testing cases if they are trained to over-fit the samples with noisy sentiment labels. Inspired by the recent progress on learning with noisy labels, we propose a robust learning method to perform robust visual sentiment analysis. Our method relies on an external memory to aggregate and filter noisy labels during training and thus can prevent the model from overfitting the noisy cases. The memory is composed of the prototypes with corresponding labels, both of which can be updated online. We establish a benchmark for visual sentiment analysis with label noise using publicly available datasets. The experiment results of the proposed benchmark settings comprehensively show the effectiveness of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Can Machines Read Coding Manuals Yet? -- A Benchmark for Building Better Language Models for Code Understanding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07452">arxiv:2109.07452</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ibrahim Abdelaziz, Julian Dolby, Jamie McCusker, Kavitha Srinivas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Code understanding is an increasingly important application of Artificial Intelligence. A fundamental aspect of understanding code is understanding text about code, e.g., documentation and forum discussions. Pre-trained language models (e.g., BERT) are a popular approach for various NLP tasks, and there are now a variety of benchmarks, such as GLUE, to help improve the development of such models for natural language understanding. However, little is known about how well such models work on textual artifacts about code, and we are unaware of any systematic set of downstream tasks for such an evaluation. In this paper, we derive a set of benchmarks (BLANCA - Benchmarks for LANguage models on Coding Artifacts) that assess code understanding based on tasks such as predicting the best answer to a question in a forum post, finding related forum posts, or predicting classes related in a hierarchy from class documentation. We evaluate the performance of current state-of-the-art language models on these tasks and show that there is a significant improvement on each task from fine tuning. We also show that multi-task training over BLANCA tasks helps build better language models for code understanding.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How to use KL-divergence to construct conjugate priors, with well-defined non-informative limits, for the multivariate Gaussian</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07384">arxiv:2109.07384</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Niko Brümmer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Wishart distribution is the standard conjugate prior for the precision of the multivariate Gaussian likelihood, when the mean is known -- while the normal-Wishart can be used when the mean is also unknown. It is however not so obvious how to assign values to the hyperparameters of these distributions. In particular, when forming non-informative limits of these distributions, the shape (or degrees of freedom) parameter of the Wishart must be handled with care. The intuitive solution of directly interpreting the shape as a pseudocount and letting it go to zero, as proposed by some authors, violates the restrictions on the shape parameter. We show how to use the scaled KL-divergence between multivariate Gaussians as an energy function to construct Wishart and normal-Wishart conjugate priors. When used as informative priors, the salient feature of these distributions is the mode, while the KL scaling factor serves as the pseudocount. The scale factor can be taken down to the limit at zero, to form non-informative priors that do not violate the restrictions on the Wishart shape parameter. This limit is non-informative in the sense that the posterior mode is identical to the maximum likelihood estimate of the parameters of the Gaussian.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distribution-free Contextual Dynamic Pricing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07340">arxiv:2109.07340</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yiyun Luo, Will Wei Sun, and Yufeng Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Contextual dynamic pricing aims to set personalized prices based on sequential interactions with customers. At each time period, a customer who is interested in purchasing a product comes to the platform. The customer's valuation for the product is a linear function of contexts, including product and customer features, plus some random market noise. The seller does not observe the customer's true valuation, but instead needs to learn the valuation by leveraging contextual information and historical binary purchase feedbacks. Existing models typically assume full or partial knowledge of the random noise distribution. In this paper, we consider contextual dynamic pricing with unknown random noise in the valuation model. Our distribution-free pricing policy learns both the contextual function and the market noise simultaneously. A key ingredient of our method is a novel perturbed linear bandit framework, where a modified linear upper confidence bound algorithm is proposed to balance the exploration of market noise and the exploitation of the current knowledge for better pricing. We establish the regret upper bound and a matching lower bound of our policy in the perturbed linear bandit framework and prove a sub-linear regret bound in the considered pricing problem. Finally, we demonstrate the superior performance of our policy on simulations and a real-life auto-loan dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DROMO: Distributionally Robust Offline Model-based Policy Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07275">arxiv:2109.07275</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ruizhen Liu, Dazhi Zhong, Zhicong Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of offline reinforcement learning with model-based control, whose goal is to learn a dynamics model from the experience replay and obtain a pessimism-oriented agent under the learned model. Current model-based constraint includes explicit uncertainty penalty and implicit conservative regularization that pushes Q-values of out-of-distribution state-action pairs down and the in-distribution up. While the uncertainty estimation, on which the former relies on, can be loosely calibrated for complex dynamics, the latter performs slightly better. To extend the basic idea of regularization without uncertainty quantification, we propose distributionally robust offline model-based policy optimization (DROMO), which leverages the ideas in distributionally robust optimization to penalize a broader range of out-of-distribution state-action pairs beyond the standard empirical out-of-distribution Q-value minimization. We theoretically show that our method optimizes a lower bound on the ground-truth policy evaluation, and it can be incorporated into any existing policy gradient algorithms. We also analyze the theoretical properties of DROMO's linear and non-linear instantiations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Precise Pruning Points Detection using Semantic-Instance-Aware Plant Models for Grapevine Winter Pruning Automation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07247">arxiv:2109.07247</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Miguel Fernandes, Antonello Scaldaferri, Paolo Guadagna, Giuseppe Fiameni, Tao Teng, Matteo Gatti, Stefano Poni, Claudio Semini, Darwin Caldwell, Fei Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Grapevine winter pruning is a complex task, that requires skilled workers to execute it correctly. The complexity makes it time consuming. It is an operation that requires about 80-120 hours per hectare annually, making an automated robotic system that helps in speeding up the process a crucial tool in large-size vineyards. We will describe (a) a novel expert annotated dataset for grapevine segmentation, (b) a state of the art neural network implementation and (c) generation of pruning points following agronomic rules, leveraging the simplified structure of the plant. With this approach, we are able to generate a set of pruning points on the canes, paving the way towards a correct automation of grapevine winter pruning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Internet of Behavior (IoB) and Explainable AI Systems for Influencing IoT Behavior</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07239">arxiv:2109.07239</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Haya Elayan, Moayad Aloqaily, Mohsen Guizani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pandemics and natural disasters over the years have changed the behavior of people, which has had a tremendous impact on all life aspects. With the technologies available in each era, governments, organizations, and companies have used these technologies to track, control, and influence the behavior of individuals for a benefit. Nowadays, the use of the Internet of Things (IoT), cloud computing, and artificial intelligence (AI) have made it easier to track and change the behavior of users through changing IoT behavior. This article introduces and discusses the concept of the Internet of Behavior (IoB) and its integration with Explainable AI (XAI) techniques to provide trusted and evident experience in the process of changing IoT behavior to ultimately improving users' behavior. Therefore, a system based on IoB and XAI has been proposed in a use case scenario of electrical power consumption that aims to influence user consuming behavior to reduce power consumption and cost. The scenario results showed a decrease of 522.2 kW of active power when compared to original consumption over a 200-hours period. It also showed a total power cost saving of 95.04 Euro for the same period. Moreover, decreasing the global active power will reduce the power intensity through the positive correlation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Parallel Constraint-Driven Inductive Logic Programming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07132">arxiv:2109.07132</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Andrew Cropper, Oghenejokpeme Orhobor, Cristian Dinu, Rolf Morel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-core machines are ubiquitous. However, most inductive logic programming (ILP) approaches use only a single core, which severely limits their scalability. To address this limitation, we introduce parallel techniques based on constraint-driven ILP where the goal is to accumulate constraints to restrict the hypothesis space. Our experiments on two domains (program synthesis and inductive general game playing) show that (i) parallelisation can substantially reduce learning times, and (ii) worker communication (i.e. sharing constraints) is important for good performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Non-Asymptotic Analysis of Stochastic Approximation Algorithms for Streaming Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07117">arxiv:2109.07117</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Antoine Godichon-Baggioni, Nicklas Werge, Olivier Wintenberger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Motivated by the high-frequency data streams continuously generated, real-time learning is becoming increasingly important. These data streams should be processed sequentially with the property that the stream may change over time. In this streaming setting, we propose techniques for minimizing a convex objective through unbiased estimates of its gradients, commonly referred to as stochastic approximation problems. Our methods rely on stochastic approximation algorithms due to their computationally advantage as they only use the previous iterate as a parameter estimate. The reasoning includes iterate averaging that guarantees optimal statistical efficiency under classical conditions. Our non-asymptotic analysis shows accelerated convergence by selecting the learning rate according to the expected data streams. We show that the average estimate converges optimally and robustly to any data stream rate. In addition, noise reduction can be achieved by processing the data in a specific pattern, which is advantageous for large-scale machine learning. These theoretical results are illustrated for various data streams, showing the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prefix-to-SQL: Text-to-SQL Generation from Incomplete User Questions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.13066">arxiv:2109.13066</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Naihao Deng, Shuaichen Chang, Peng Shi, Tao Yu, Rui Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing text-to-SQL research only considers complete questions as the input, but lay-users might strive to formulate a complete question. To build a smarter natural language interface to database systems (NLIDB) that also processes incomplete questions, we propose a new task, prefix-to-SQL which takes question prefix from users as the input and predicts the intended SQL. We construct a new benchmark called PAGSAS that contains 124K user question prefixes and the intended SQL for 5 sub-tasks Advising, GeoQuery, Scholar, ATIS, and Spider. Additionally, we propose a new metric SAVE to measure how much effort can be saved by users. Experimental results show that PAGSAS is challenging even for strong baseline models such as T5. As we observe the difficulty of prefix-to-SQL is related to the number of omitted tokens, we incorporate curriculum learning of feeding examples with an increasing number of omitted tokens. This improves scores on various sub-tasks by as much as 9% recall scores on sub-task GeoQuery in PAGSAS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Forecasting of COVID-19 Cases, Using an Evolutionary Neural Architecture Search Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.13062">arxiv:2109.13062</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mahdi Rahbar, Samaneh Yazdani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In late 2019, COVID-19, a severe respiratory disease, emerged, and since then, the world has been facing a deadly pandemic caused by it. This ongoing pandemic has had a significant effect on different aspects of societies. The uncertainty around the number of daily cases made it difficult for decision-makers to control the outbreak. Deep Learning models have proved that they can come in handy in many real-world problems such as healthcare ones. However, they require a lot of data to learn the features properly and output an acceptable solution. Since COVID-19 has been a lately emerged disease, there was not much data available, especially in the first stage of the pandemic, and this shortage of data makes it challenging to design an optimized model. To overcome these problems, we first introduce a new dataset with augmented features and then forecast COVID-19 cases with a new approach, using an evolutionary neural architecture search with Binary Bat Algorithm (BBA) to generate an optimized deep recurrent network. Finally, to show our approach's effectiveness, we conducted a comparative study on Iran's COVID-19 daily cases. The results prove our approach's capability to generate an accurate deep architecture to forecast the pandemic cases, even in the early stages with limited data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automatic Plane Adjustment of Orthopedic Intra-operative Flat Panel Detector CT-Volumes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.10731">arxiv:2109.10731</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Celia Martin Vicario, Florian Kordon, Felix Denzinger, Jan Siad El Barbari, Maxim Privalov, Jochen Franke, Sarina Thomas, Lisa Kausch, Andreas Maier, Holger Kunze</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Purpose
  3D acquisitions are often acquired to assess the result in orthopedic trauma surgery. With a mobile C-Arm system, these acquisitions can be performed intra-operatively. That reduces the number of required revision surgeries. However, due to the operation room setup, the acquisitions typically cannot be performed such that the acquired volumes are aligned to the anatomical regions. Thus, the multiplanar reconstructed (MPR) planes need to be adjusted manually during the review of the volume. In this paper, we present a detailed study of multi-task learning (MTL) regression networks to estimate the parameters of the MPR planes.
  Approach
  First, various mathematical descriptions for rotation, including Euler angle, quaternion, and matrix representation, are revised. Then, three different MTL network architectures based on the PoseNet are compared with a single task learning network.
  Results
  Using a matrix description rather than the Euler angle description, the accuracy of the regressed normals improves from $7.7^{\circ}$ to $7.3^{\circ}$ in the mean value for single anatomies. The multi-head approach improves the regression of the plane position from $7.4mm$ to $6.1mm$, while the orientation does not benefit from this approach.
  Conclusions
  The results show that a multi-head approach can lead to slightly better results than the individual tasks networks. The most important benefit of the MTL approach is that it is a single network for standard plane regression for all body regions with a reduced number of stored parameters.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conditionally Parameterized, Discretization-Aware Neural Networks for Mesh-Based Modeling of Physical Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09510">arxiv:2109.09510</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jiayang Xu, Aniruddhe Pradhan, Karthik Duraisamy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Simulations of complex physical systems are typically realized by discretizing partial differential equations (PDEs) on unstructured meshes. While neural networks have recently been explored for surrogate and reduced order modeling of PDE solutions, they often ignore interactions or hierarchical relations between input features, and process them as concatenated mixtures. We generalize the idea of conditional parameterization -- using trainable functions of input parameters to generate the weights of a neural network, and extend them in a flexible way to encode critical information. Inspired by discretized numerical methods, choices of the parameters include physical quantities and mesh topology features. The functional relation between the modeled features and the parameters is built into the network architecture. The method is implemented on different networks and applied to frontier scientific machine learning tasks including the discovery of unmodeled physics, super-resolution of coarse fields, and the simulation of unsteady flows with chemical reactions. The results show that the conditionally-parameterized networks provide superior performance compared to their traditional counterparts. The CP-GNet - an architecture that can be trained on very few data snapshots - is proposed as the first deep learning model capable of standalone prediction of reacting flows on irregular meshes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Computable Piece of Uncomputable Art whose Expansion May Explain the Universe in Software Space</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08523">arxiv:2109.08523</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hector Zenil</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** At the intersection of what I call uncomputable art and computational epistemology, a form of experimental philosophy, we find an exciting and promising area of science related to causation with an alternative, possibly best possible, solution to the challenge of the inverse problem. That is the problem of finding the possible causes, mechanistic origins, first principles, and generative models of a piece of data from a physical phenomenon. Here we explain how generating and exploring software space following the framework of Algorithmic Information Dynamics, it is possible to find small models and learn to navigate a sci-fi-looking space that can advance the field of scientific discovery with complementary tools to offer an opportunity to advance science itself.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Modern Cybersecurity Solution using Supervised Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07593">arxiv:2109.07593</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mustafa Sakhai, Maciej Wielgosz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cybersecurity is essential, and attacks are rapidly growing and getting more challenging to detect. The traditional Firewall and Intrusion Detection system, even though it is widely used and recommended but it fails to detect new attacks, zero-day attacks, and traffic patterns that do not match with any configured rules. Therefore, Machine Learning (ML) can be an efficient and cost-reduced solution in cybersecurity.
  We used Netflow datasets to extract features after applying data analysis. Then, a selection process has been applied to compare these features with one another. Our experiments focus on how efficient machine learning algorithms can detect Bot traffic, Malware traffic, and background traffic. We managed to get 0.903 precision value from a dataset that has 6.5% Bot flows, 1.57% Normal flows, 0.18% Command&Control (C&C) flows, and 91.7% background flows, from 2,753,884 total flows. The results show low false-negative with few false-positive detections.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Short Quantum Circuits in Reinforcement Learning Policies for the Vehicle Routing Problem</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07498">arxiv:2109.07498</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Fabio Sanches, Sean Weinberg, Takanori Ide, Kazumitsu Kamiya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quantum computing and machine learning have potential for symbiosis. However, in addition to the hardware limitations from current devices, there are still basic issues that must be addressed before quantum circuits can usefully incorporate with current machine learning tasks. We report a new strategy for such an integration in the context of attention models used for reinforcement learning. Agents that implement attention mechanisms have successfully been applied to certain cases of combinatorial routing problems by first encoding nodes on a graph and then sequentially decoding nodes until a route is selected. We demonstrate that simple quantum circuits can used in place of classical attention head layers while maintaining performance. Our method modifies the networks used in [1] by replacing key and query vectors for every node with quantum states that are entangled before being measured. The resulting hybrid classical-quantum agent is tested in the context of vehicle routing problems where its performance is competitive with the original classical approach. We regard our model as a prototype that can be scaled up and as an avenue for further study on the role of quantum computing in reinforcement learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural network optimal feedback control with enhanced closed loop stability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07466">arxiv:2109.07466</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tenavi Nakamura-Zimmerer, Qi Gong, Wei Kang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent research has shown that supervised learning can be an effective tool for designing optimal feedback controllers for high-dimensional nonlinear dynamic systems. But the behavior of these neural network (NN) controllers is still not well understood. In this paper we use numerical simulations to demonstrate that typical test accuracy metrics do not effectively capture the ability of an NN controller to stabilize a system. In particular, some NNs with high test accuracy can fail to stabilize the dynamics. To address this we propose two NN architectures which locally approximate a linear quadratic regulator (LQR). Numerical simulations confirm our intuition that the proposed architectures reliably produce stabilizing feedback controllers without sacrificing optimality. In addition, we introduce a preliminary theoretical result describing some stability properties of such NN-controlled systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MPC-Friendly Commitments for Publicly Verifiable Covert Security</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07461">arxiv:2109.07461</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nitin Agrawal, James Bell, Adrià Gascón, Matt J. Kusner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We address the problem of efficiently verifying a commitment in a two-party computation. This addresses the scenario where a party P1 commits to a value $x$ to be used in a subsequent secure computation with another party P2 that wants to receive assurance that P1 did not cheat, i.e. that $x$ was indeed the value inputted into the secure computation. Our constructions operate in the publicly verifiable covert (PVC) security model, which is a relaxation of the malicious model of MPC appropriate in settings where P1 faces a reputational harm if caught cheating.
  We introduce the notion of PVC commitment scheme and indexed hash functions to build commitments schemes tailored to the PVC framework, and propose constructions for both arithmetic and Boolean circuits that result in very efficient circuits. From a practical standpoint, our constructions for Boolean circuits are $60\times$ faster to evaluate securely, and use $36\times$ less communication than baseline methods based on hashing. Moreover, we show that our constructions are tight in terms of required non-linear operations, by proving lower bounds on the nonlinear gate count of commitment verification circuits. Finally, we present a technique to amplify the security properties our constructions that allows to efficiently recover malicious guarantees with statistical security.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Disentangling Generative Factors of Physical Fields Using Variational Autoencoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07399">arxiv:2109.07399</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Christian Jacobsen, Karthik Duraisamy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The ability to extract generative parameters from high-dimensional fields of data in an unsupervised manner is a highly desirable yet unrealized goal in computational physics. This work explores the use of variational autoencoders (VAEs) for non-linear dimension reduction with the specific aim of {\em disentangling} the low-dimensional latent variables to identify independent physical parameters that generated the data. A disentangled decomposition is interpretable, and can be transferred to a variety of tasks including generative modeling, design optimization, and probabilistic reduced order modelling. A major emphasis of this work is to characterize disentanglement using VAEs while minimally modifying the classic VAE loss function (i.e. the Evidence Lower Bound) to maintain high reconstruction accuracy. The loss landscape is characterized by over-regularized local minima which surround desirable solutions. We illustrate comparisons between disentangled and entangled representations by juxtaposing learned latent distributions and the true generative factors in a model porous flow problem. Hierarchical priors are shown to facilitate the learning of disentangled representations. The regularization loss is unaffected by latent rotation when training with rotationally-invariant priors, and thus learning non-rotationally-invariant priors aids in capturing the properties of generative factors, improving disentanglement. Finally, it is shown that semi-supervised learning - accomplished by labeling a small number of samples ($O(1\%)$) - results in accurate disentangled latent representations that can be consistently learned.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fermion Sampling Made More Efficient</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07358">arxiv:2109.07358</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Haoran Sun, Jie Zou, Xiaopeng Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fermion sampling is to generate probability distribution of a many-body Slater-determinant wavefunction, which is termed "determinantal point process" in statistical analysis. For its inherently-embedded Pauli exclusion principle, its application reaches beyond simulating fermionic quantum many-body physics to constructing machine learning models for diversified datasets. Here we propose a fermion sampling algorithm, which has a polynomial time-complexity -- quadratic in the fermion number and linear in the system size. This algorithm is about 100% more efficient in computation time than the best known algorithms. In sampling the corresponding marginal distribution, our algorithm has a more drastic improvement, achieving a scaling advantage. We demonstrate its power on several test applications, including sampling fermions in a many-body system and a machine learning task of text summarization, and confirm its improved computation efficiency over other methods by counting floating-point operations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FORTAP: Using Formulae for Numerical-Reasoning-Aware Table Pretraining</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07323">arxiv:2109.07323</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhoujun Cheng, Haoyu Dong, Fan Cheng, Ran Jia, Pengfei Wu, Shi Han, Dongmei Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tables store rich numerical data, but numerical reasoning over tables is still a challenge. In this paper, we find that the spreadsheet formula, which performs calculations on numerical values in tables, is naturally a strong supervision of numerical reasoning. More importantly, large amounts of spreadsheets with expert-made formulae are available on the web and can be obtained easily. FORTAP is the first method for numerical-reasoning-aware table pretraining by leveraging large corpus of spreadsheet formulae. We design two formula pretraining tasks to explicitly guide FORTAP to learn numerical reference and calculation in semi-structured tables. FORTAP achieves state-of-the-art results on two representative downstream tasks, cell type classification and formula prediction, showing great potential of numerical-reasoning-aware pretraining.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Channel Estimation Based on Machine Learning Paradigm for Spatial Modulation OFDM</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07208">arxiv:2109.07208</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ahmed M. Badi, Taissir Y. Elganimi, Osama A. S. Alkishriwo, Nadia Adem</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, deep neural network (DNN) is integrated with spatial modulation-orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (SM-OFDM) technique for end-to-end data detection over Rayleigh fading channel. This proposed system directly demodulates the received symbols, leaving the channel estimation done only implicitly. Furthermore, an ensemble network is also proposed for this system. Simulation results show that the proposed DNN detection scheme has a significant advantage over classical methods when the pilot overhead and cyclic prefix (CP) are reduced, owing to its ability to learn and adjust to complicated channel conditions. Finally, the ensemble network is shown to improve the generalization of the proposed scheme, while also showing a slight improvement in its performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Balancing detectability and performance of attacks on the control channel of Markov Decision Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07171">arxiv:2109.07171</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Alessio Russo, Alexandre Proutiere</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We investigate the problem of designing optimal stealthy poisoning attacks on the control channel of Markov decision processes (MDPs). This research is motivated by the recent interest of the research community for adversarial and poisoning attacks applied to MDPs, and reinforcement learning (RL) methods. The policies resulting from these methods have been shown to be vulnerable to attacks perturbing the observations of the decision-maker. In such an attack, drawing inspiration from adversarial examples used in supervised learning, the amplitude of the adversarial perturbation is limited according to some norm, with the hope that this constraint will make the attack imperceptible. However, such constraints do not grant any level of undetectability and do not take into account the dynamic nature of the underlying Markov process. In this paper, we propose a new attack formulation, based on information-theoretical quantities, that considers the objective of minimizing the detectability of the attack as well as the performance of the controlled process. We analyze the trade-off between the efficiency of the attack and its detectability. We conclude with examples and numerical simulations illustrating this trade-off.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Co-Embedding: Discovering Communities on Bipartite Graphs through Projection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07135">arxiv:2109.07135</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Gaëlle Candel, David Naccache</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many datasets take the form of a bipartite graph where two types of nodes are connected by relationships, like the movies watched by a user or the tags associated with a file. The partitioning of the bipartite graph could be used to fasten recommender systems, or reduce the information retrieval system's index size, by identifying groups of items with similar properties. This type of graph is often processed by algorithms using the Vector Space Model representation, where a binary vector represents an item with 0 and 1. The main problem with this representation is the dimension relatedness, like words' synonymity, which is not considered. This article proposes a co-clustering algorithm using items projection, allowing the measurement of features similarity. We evaluated our algorithm on a cluster retrieval task. Over various datasets, our algorithm produced well balanced clusters with coherent items in, leading to high retrieval scores on this task..

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accurately Modeling Biased Random Walks on Weighted Graphs Using $\textit{Node2vec+}$</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08031">arxiv:2109.08031</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Renming Liu, Matthew Hirn, Arjun Krishnan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Node embedding is a powerful approach for representing the structural role of each node in a graph. $\textit{Node2vec}$ is a widely used method for node embedding that works by exploring the local neighborhoods via biased random walks on the graph. However, $\textit{node2vec}$ does not consider edge weights when computing walk biases. This intrinsic limitation prevents $\textit{node2vec}$ from leveraging all the information in weighted graphs and, in turn, limits its application to many real-world networks that are weighted and dense. Here, we naturally extend $\textit{node2vec}$ to $\textit{node2vec+}$ in a way that accounts for edge weights when calculating walk biases, but which reduces to $\textit{node2vec}$ in the cases of unweighted graphs or unbiased walks. We empirically show that $\textit{node2vec+}$ is more robust to additive noise than $\textit{node2vec}$ in weighted graphs using two synthetic datasets. We also demonstrate that $\textit{node2vec+}$ significantly outperforms $\textit{node2vec}$ on a commonly benchmarked multi-label dataset (Wikipedia). Furthermore, we test $\textit{node2vec+}$ against GCN and GraphSAGE using various challenging gene classification tasks on two protein-protein interaction networks. Despite some clear advantages of GCN and GraphSAGE, they show comparable performance with $\textit{node2vec+}$. Finally, $\textit{node2vec+}$ can be used as a general approach for generating biased random walks, benefiting all existing methods built on top of $\textit{node2vec}$. $\textit{Node2vec+}$ is implemented as part of $\texttt{PecanPy}$, which is available at https://github.com/krishnanlab/PecanPy .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Estimation and Control of Unknown Stochastic Differential Equations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07630">arxiv:2109.07630</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Mohamad Kazem Shirani Faradonbeh, Mohamad Sadegh Shirani Faradonbeh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Ito stochastic differential equations are ubiquitous models for dynamic environments. A canonical problem in this setting is that of decision-making policies for systems that evolve according to unknown diffusion processes. The goals consist of design and analysis of efficient policies for both minimizing quadratic cost functions of states and actions, as well as accurate estimation of underlying linear dynamics. Despite recent advances in statistical decision theory, little is known about estimation and control of diffusion processes, which is the subject of this work. A fundamental challenge is that the policy needs to continuously address the exploration-exploitation dilemma; estimation accuracy is necessary for optimal decision-making, while sub-optimal actions are required for obtaining accurate estimates.
  We present an easy-to-implement reinforcement learning algorithm and establish theoretical performance guarantees showing that it efficiently addresses the above dilemma. In fact, the proposed algorithm learns the true diffusion process and optimal actions fast, such that the per-unit-time increase in cost decays with the square-root rate as time grows. Further, we present tight results for assuring system stability and for specifying fundamental limits of sub-optimalities caused by uncertainties. To obtain the results, multiple novel methods are developed for analysis of matrix perturbations, for studying comparative ratios of stochastic integrals and spectral properties of random matrices, and the new framework of policy differentiation is proposed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Can one hear the shape of a neural network?: Snooping the GPU via Magnetic Side Channel</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.07395">arxiv:2109.07395</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Henrique Teles Maia, Chang Xiao, Dingzeyu Li, Eitan Grinspun, Changxi Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural network applications have become popular in both enterprise and personal settings. Network solutions are tuned meticulously for each task, and designs that can robustly resolve queries end up in high demand. As the commercial value of accurate and performant machine learning models increases, so too does the demand to protect neural architectures as confidential investments. We explore the vulnerability of neural networks deployed as black boxes across accelerated hardware through electromagnetic side channels. We examine the magnetic flux emanating from a graphics processing unit's power cable, as acquired by a cheap $3 induction sensor, and find that this signal betrays the detailed topology and hyperparameters of a black-box neural network model. The attack acquires the magnetic signal for one query with unknown input values, but known input dimensions. The network reconstruction is possible due to the modular layer sequence in which deep neural networks are evaluated. We find that each layer component's evaluation produces an identifiable magnetic signal signature, from which layer topology, width, function type, and sequence order can be inferred using a suitably trained classifier and a joint consistency optimization based on integer programming. We study the extent to which network specifications can be recovered, and consider metrics for comparing network similarity. We demonstrate the potential accuracy of this side channel attack in recovering the details for a broad range of network architectures, including random designs. We consider applications that may exploit this novel side channel exposure, such as adversarial transfer attacks. In response, we discuss countermeasures to protect against our method and other similar snooping techniques.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/09/14/2021.09.14.html' | relative_url }})
