## Summary for 2021-06-20, created on 2021-12-20


<details><summary><b>Lossy Compression for Lossless Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10800">arxiv:2106.10800</a>
&#x1F4C8; 78 <br>
<p>Yann Dubois, Benjamin Bloem-Reddy, Karen Ullrich, Chris J. Maddison</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most data is automatically collected and only ever "seen" by algorithms. Yet, data compressors preserve perceptual fidelity rather than just the information needed by algorithms performing downstream tasks. In this paper, we characterize the bit-rate required to ensure high performance on all predictive tasks that are invariant under a set of transformations, such as data augmentations. Based on our theory, we design unsupervised objectives for training neural compressors. Using these objectives, we train a generic image compressor that achieves substantial rate savings (more than $1000\times$ on ImageNet) compared to JPEG on 8 datasets, without decreasing downstream classification performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DiGS : Divergence guided shape implicit neural representation for unoriented point clouds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10811">arxiv:2106.10811</a>
&#x1F4C8; 29 <br>
<p>Yizhak Ben-Shabat, Chamin Hewa Koneputugodage, Stephen Gould</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural shape representations have recently shown to be effective in shape analysis and reconstruction tasks. Existing neural network methods require point coordinates and corresponding normal vectors to learn the implicit level sets of the shape. Normal vectors are often not provided as raw data, therefore, approximation and reorientation are required as pre-processing stages, both of which can introduce noise. In this paper, we propose a divergence guided shape representation learning approach that does not require normal vectors as input. We show that incorporating a soft constraint on the divergence of the distance function favours smooth solutions that reliably orients gradients to match the unknown normal at each point, in some cases even better than approaches that use ground truth normal vectors directly. Additionally, we introduce a novel geometric initialization method for sinusoidal shape representation networks that further improves convergence to the desired solution. We evaluate the effectiveness of our approach on the task of surface reconstruction and show state-of-the-art performance compared to other unoriented methods and on-par performance compared to oriented methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Importance of Environments in Human-Robot Coordination</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10853">arxiv:2106.10853</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Matthew C. Fontaine, Ya-Chuan Hsu, Yulun Zhang, Bryon Tjanaka, Stefanos Nikolaidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When studying robots collaborating with humans, much of the focus has been on robot policies that coordinate fluently with human teammates in collaborative tasks. However, less emphasis has been placed on the effect of the environment on coordination behaviors. To thoroughly explore environments that result in diverse behaviors, we propose a framework for procedural generation of environments that are (1) stylistically similar to human-authored environments, (2) guaranteed to be solvable by the human-robot team, and (3) diverse with respect to coordination measures. We analyze the procedurally generated environments in the Overcooked benchmark domain via simulation and an online user study. Results show that the environments result in qualitatively different emerging behaviors and statistically significant differences in collaborative fluency metrics, even when the robot runs the same planning algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neighborhood Contrastive Learning for Novel Class Discovery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10731">arxiv:2106.10731</a>
&#x1F4C8; 21 <br>
<p>Zhun Zhong, Enrico Fini, Subhankar Roy, Zhiming Luo, Elisa Ricci, Nicu Sebe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we address Novel Class Discovery (NCD), the task of unveiling new classes in a set of unlabeled samples given a labeled dataset with known classes. We exploit the peculiarities of NCD to build a new framework, named Neighborhood Contrastive Learning (NCL), to learn discriminative representations that are important to clustering performance. Our contribution is twofold. First, we find that a feature extractor trained on the labeled set generates representations in which a generic query sample and its neighbors are likely to share the same class. We exploit this observation to retrieve and aggregate pseudo-positive pairs with contrastive learning, thus encouraging the model to learn more discriminative representations. Second, we notice that most of the instances are easily discriminated by the network, contributing less to the contrastive loss. To overcome this issue, we propose to generate hard negatives by mixing labeled and unlabeled samples in the feature space. We experimentally demonstrate that these two ingredients significantly contribute to clustering performance and lead our model to outperform state-of-the-art methods by a large margin (e.g., clustering accuracy +13% on CIFAR-100 and +8% on ImageNet).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Plant Disease Detection Using Image Processing and Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10698">arxiv:2106.10698</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Pranesh Kulkarni, Atharva Karwande, Tejas Kolhe, Soham Kamble, Akshay Joshi, Medha Wyawahare</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One of the important and tedious task in agricultural practices is the detection of the disease on crops. It requires huge time as well as skilled labor. This paper proposes a smart and efficient technique for detection of crop disease which uses computer vision and machine learning techniques. The proposed system is able to detect 20 different diseases of 5 common plants with 93% accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pay Better Attention to Attention: Head Selection in Multilingual and Multi-Domain Sequence Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10840">arxiv:2106.10840</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Hongyu Gong, Yun Tang, Juan Pino, Xian Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-head attention has each of the attention heads collect salient information from different parts of an input sequence, making it a powerful mechanism for sequence modeling. Multilingual and multi-domain learning are common scenarios for sequence modeling, where the key challenge is to maximize positive transfer and mitigate negative transfer across languages and domains. In this paper, we find that non-selective attention sharing is sub-optimal for achieving good generalization across all languages and domains. We further propose attention sharing strategies to facilitate parameter sharing and specialization in multilingual and multi-domain sequence modeling. Our approach automatically learns shared and specialized attention heads for different languages and domains to mitigate their interference. Evaluated in various tasks including speech recognition, text-to-text and speech-to-text translation, the proposed attention sharing strategies consistently bring gains to sequence models built upon multi-head attention. For speech-to-text translation, our approach yields an average of $+2.0$ BLEU over $13$ language directions in multilingual setting and $+2.0$ BLEU over $3$ domains in multi-domain setting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Cryptographic Hardness of Learning Single Periodic Neurons</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10744">arxiv:2106.10744</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Min Jae Song, Ilias Zadik, Joan Bruna</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We show a simple reduction which demonstrates the cryptographic hardness of learning a single periodic neuron over isotropic Gaussian distributions in the presence of noise. More precisely, our reduction shows that any polynomial-time algorithm (not necessarily gradient-based) for learning such functions under small noise implies a polynomial-time quantum algorithm for solving worst-case lattice problems, whose hardness form the foundation of lattice-based cryptography. Our core hard family of functions, which are well-approximated by one-layer neural networks, take the general form of a univariate periodic function applied to an affine projection of the data. These functions have appeared in previous seminal works which demonstrate their hardness against gradient-based (Shamir'18), and Statistical Query (SQ) algorithms (Song et al.'17). We show that if (polynomially) small noise is added to the labels, the intractability of learning these functions applies to all polynomial-time algorithms, beyond gradient-based and SQ algorithms, under the aforementioned cryptographic assumptions. Moreover, we demonstrate the necessity of noise in the hardness result by designing a polynomial-time algorithm for learning certain families of such functions under exponentially small adversarial noise. Our proposed algorithm is not a gradient-based or an SQ algorithm, but is rather based on the celebrated Lenstra-Lenstra-Lovász (LLL) lattice basis reduction algorithm. Furthermore, in the absence of noise, this algorithm can be directly applied to solve CLWE detection (Bruna et al.'21) and phase retrieval with an optimal sample complexity of $d+1$ samples. In the former case, this improves upon the quadratic-in-$d$ sample complexity required in (Bruna et al.'21).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Active Learning for Deep Neural Networks on Edge Devices</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10836">arxiv:2106.10836</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Yuya Senzaki, Christian Hamelain</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When dealing with deep neural network (DNN) applications on edge devices, continuously updating the model is important. Although updating a model with real incoming data is ideal, using all of them is not always feasible due to limits, such as labeling and communication costs. Thus, it is necessary to filter and select the data to use for training (i.e., active learning) on the device. In this paper, we formalize a practical active learning problem for DNNs on edge devices and propose a general task-agnostic framework to tackle this problem, which reduces it to a stream submodular maximization. This framework is light enough to be run with low computational resources, yet provides solutions whose quality is theoretically guaranteed thanks to the submodular property. Through this framework, we can configure data selection criteria flexibly, including using methods proposed in previous active learning studies. We evaluate our approach on both classification and object detection tasks in a practical setting to simulate a real-life scenario. The results of our study show that the proposed framework outperforms all other methods in both tasks, while running at a practical speed on real devices.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ROPE: Reading Order Equivariant Positional Encoding for Graph-based Document Information Extraction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10786">arxiv:2106.10786</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Chen-Yu Lee, Chun-Liang Li, Chu Wang, Renshen Wang, Yasuhisa Fujii, Siyang Qin, Ashok Popat, Tomas Pfister</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Natural reading orders of words are crucial for information extraction from form-like documents. Despite recent advances in Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) on modeling spatial layout patterns of documents, they have limited ability to capture reading orders of given word-level node representations in a graph. We propose Reading Order Equivariant Positional Encoding (ROPE), a new positional encoding technique designed to apprehend the sequential presentation of words in documents. ROPE generates unique reading order codes for neighboring words relative to the target word given a word-level graph connectivity. We study two fundamental document entity extraction tasks including word labeling and word grouping on the public FUNSD dataset and a large-scale payment dataset. We show that ROPE consistently improves existing GCNs with a margin up to 8.4% F1-score.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Trainable Class Prototypes for Few-Shot Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10846">arxiv:2106.10846</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Jianyi Li, Guizhong Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Metric learning is a widely used method for few shot learning in which the quality of prototypes plays a key role in the algorithm. In this paper we propose the trainable prototypes for distance measure instead of the artificial ones within the meta-training and task-training framework. Also to avoid the disadvantages that the episodic meta-training brought, we adopt non-episodic meta-training based on self-supervised learning. Overall we solve the few-shot tasks in two phases: meta-training a transferable feature extractor via self-supervised learning and training the prototypes for metric classification. In addition, the simple attention mechanism is used in both meta-training and task-training. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance in a variety of established few-shot tasks on the standard few-shot visual classification dataset, with about 20% increase compared to the available unsupervised few-shot learning methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Demonstration of Panda: A Weakly Supervised Entity Matching System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10821">arxiv:2106.10821</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Renzhi Wu, Prem Sakala, Peng Li, Xu Chu, Yeye He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Entity matching (EM) refers to the problem of identifying tuple pairs in one or more relations that refer to the same real world entities. Supervised machine learning (ML) approaches, and deep learning based approaches in particular, typically achieve state-of-the-art matching results. However, these approaches require many labeled examples, in the form of matching and non-matching pairs, which are expensive and time-consuming to label. In this paper, we introduce Panda, a weakly supervised system specifically designed for EM. Panda uses the same labeling function abstraction as Snorkel, where labeling functions (LF) are user-provided programs that can generate large amounts of (somewhat noisy) labels quickly and cheaply, which can then be combined via a labeling model to generate accurate final predictions. To support users developing LFs for EM, Panda provides an integrated development environment (IDE) that lives in a modern browser architecture. Panda's IDE facilitates the development, debugging, and life-cycle management of LFs in the context of EM tasks, similar to how IDEs such as Visual Studio or Eclipse excel in general-purpose programming. Panda's IDE includes many novel features purpose-built for EM, such as smart data sampling, a builtin library of EM utility functions, automatically generated LFs, visual debugging of LFs, and finally, an EM-specific labeling model. We show in this demo that Panda IDE can greatly accelerate the development of high-quality EM solutions using weak supervision.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Ultrasound Tongue Image Reconstruction from Lip Images Using Self-supervised Learning and Attention Mechanism</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.11769">arxiv:2106.11769</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Haiyang Liu, Jihan Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Speech production is a dynamic procedure, which involved multi human organs including the tongue, jaw and lips. Modeling the dynamics of the vocal tract deformation is a fundamental problem to understand the speech, which is the most common way for human daily communication. Researchers employ several sensory streams to describe the process simultaneously, which are incontrovertibly statistically related to other streams. In this paper, we address the following question: given an observable image sequences of lips, can we picture the corresponding tongue motion. We formulated this problem as the self-supervised learning problem, and employ the two-stream convolutional network and long-short memory network for the learning task, with the attention mechanism. We evaluate the performance of the proposed method by leveraging the unlabeled lip videos to predict an upcoming ultrasound tongue image sequence. The results show that our model is able to generate images that close to the real ultrasound tongue images, and results in the matching between two imaging modalities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>OptiDICE: Offline Policy Optimization via Stationary Distribution Correction Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10783">arxiv:2106.10783</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jongmin Lee, Wonseok Jeon, Byung-Jun Lee, Joelle Pineau, Kee-Eung Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the offline reinforcement learning (RL) setting where the agent aims to optimize the policy solely from the data without further environment interactions. In offline RL, the distributional shift becomes the primary source of difficulty, which arises from the deviation of the target policy being optimized from the behavior policy used for data collection. This typically causes overestimation of action values, which poses severe problems for model-free algorithms that use bootstrapping. To mitigate the problem, prior offline RL algorithms often used sophisticated techniques that encourage underestimation of action values, which introduces an additional set of hyperparameters that need to be tuned properly. In this paper, we present an offline RL algorithm that prevents overestimation in a more principled way. Our algorithm, OptiDICE, directly estimates the stationary distribution corrections of the optimal policy and does not rely on policy-gradients, unlike previous offline RL algorithms. Using an extensive set of benchmark datasets for offline RL, we show that OptiDICE performs competitively with the state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantum Machine Learning: Fad or Future?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10714">arxiv:2106.10714</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Arhum Ishtiaq, Sara Mahmood</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For the last few decades, classical machine learning has allowed us to improve the lives of many through automation, natural language processing, predictive analytics and much more. However, a major concern is the fact that we're fast approach the threshold of the maximum possible computational capacity available to us by the means of classical computing devices including CPUs, GPUs and Application Specific Integrated Circuits (ASICs). This is due to the exponential increase in model sizes which now have parameters in the magnitude of billions and trillions, requiring a significant amount of computing resources across a significant amount of time, just to converge one single model. To observe the efficacy of using quantum computing for certain machine learning tasks and explore the improved potential of convergence, error reduction and robustness to noisy data, this paper will look forth to test and verify the aspects in which quantum machine learning can help improve over classical machine learning approaches while also shedding light on the likely limitations that have prevented quantum approaches to become the mainstream. A major focus will be to recreate the work by Farhi et al and conduct experiments using their theory of performing machine learning in a quantum context, with assistance from the Tensorflow Quantum documentation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CAMERAS: Enhanced Resolution And Sanity preserving Class Activation Mapping for image saliency</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10649">arxiv:2106.10649</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mohammad A. A. K. Jalwana, Naveed Akhtar, Mohammed Bennamoun, Ajmal Mian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Backpropagation image saliency aims at explaining model predictions by estimating model-centric importance of individual pixels in the input. However, class-insensitivity of the earlier layers in a network only allows saliency computation with low resolution activation maps of the deeper layers, resulting in compromised image saliency. Remedifying this can lead to sanity failures. We propose CAMERAS, a technique to compute high-fidelity backpropagation saliency maps without requiring any external priors and preserving the map sanity. Our method systematically performs multi-scale accumulation and fusion of the activation maps and backpropagated gradients to compute precise saliency maps. From accurate image saliency to articulation of relative importance of input features for different models, and precise discrimination between model perception of visually similar objects, our high-resolution mapping offers multiple novel insights into the black-box deep visual models, which are presented in the paper. We also demonstrate the utility of our saliency maps in adversarial setup by drastically reducing the norm of attack signals by focusing them on the precise regions identified by our maps. Our method also inspires new evaluation metrics and a sanity check for this developing research direction. Code is available here https://github.com/VisMIL/CAMERAS

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Next-Day Bitcoin Price Forecast Based on Artificial intelligence Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.12961">arxiv:2106.12961</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Liping Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, Bitcoin price prediction has attracted the interest of researchers and investors. However, the accuracy of previous studies is not well enough. Machine learning and deep learning methods have been proved to have strong prediction ability in this area. This paper proposed a method combined with Ensemble Empirical Mode Decomposition (EEMD) and a deep learning method called long short-term memory (LSTM) to research the problem of next-day Bitcoin price forecast.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep learning for improved global precipitation in numerical weather prediction systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.12045">arxiv:2106.12045</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Manmeet Singh, Bipin Kumar, Suryachandra Rao, Sukhpal Singh Gill, Rajib Chattopadhyay, Ravi S Nanjundiah, Dev Niyogi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The formation of precipitation in state-of-the-art weather and climate models is an important process. The understanding of its relationship with other variables can lead to endless benefits, particularly for the world's monsoon regions dependent on rainfall as a support for livelihood. Various factors play a crucial role in the formation of rainfall, and those physical processes are leading to significant biases in the operational weather forecasts. We use the UNET architecture of a deep convolutional neural network with residual learning as a proof of concept to learn global data-driven models of precipitation. The models are trained on reanalysis datasets projected on the cubed-sphere projection to minimize errors due to spherical distortion. The results are compared with the operational dynamical model used by the India Meteorological Department. The theoretical deep learning-based model shows doubling of the grid point, as well as area averaged skill measured in Pearson correlation coefficients relative to operational system. This study is a proof-of-concept showing that residual learning-based UNET can unravel physical relationships to target precipitation, and those physical constraints can be used in the dynamical operational models towards improved precipitation forecasts. Our results pave the way for the development of online, hybrid models in the future.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Attack on Graph Neural Networks as An Influence Maximization Problem</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10785">arxiv:2106.10785</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiaqi Ma, Junwei Deng, Qiaozhu Mei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph neural networks (GNNs) have attracted increasing interests. With broad deployments of GNNs in real-world applications, there is an urgent need for understanding the robustness of GNNs under adversarial attacks, especially in realistic setups. In this work, we study the problem of attacking GNNs in a restricted and realistic setup, by perturbing the features of a small set of nodes, with no access to model parameters and model predictions. Our formal analysis draws a connection between this type of attacks and an influence maximization problem on the graph. This connection not only enhances our understanding on the problem of adversarial attack on GNNs, but also allows us to propose a group of effective and practical attack strategies. Our experiments verify that the proposed attack strategies significantly degrade the performance of three popular GNN models and outperform baseline adversarial attack strategies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Stein Variational Neural Network Ensembles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10760">arxiv:2106.10760</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Francesco D'Angelo, Vincent Fortuin, Florian Wenzel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Ensembles of deep neural networks have achieved great success recently, but they do not offer a proper Bayesian justification. Moreover, while they allow for averaging of predictions over several hypotheses, they do not provide any guarantees for their diversity, leading to redundant solutions in function space. In contrast, particle-based inference methods, such as Stein variational gradient descent (SVGD), offer a Bayesian framework, but rely on the choice of a kernel to measure the similarity between ensemble members. In this work, we study different SVGD methods operating in the weight space, function space, and in a hybrid setting. We compare the SVGD approaches to other ensembling-based methods in terms of their theoretical properties and assess their empirical performance on synthetic and real-world tasks. We find that SVGD using functional and hybrid kernels can overcome the limitations of deep ensembles. It improves on functional diversity and uncertainty estimation and approaches the true Bayesian posterior more closely. Moreover, we show that using stochastic SVGD updates, as opposed to the standard deterministic ones, can further improve the performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Underwater Image Restoration via Contrastive Learning and a Real-world Dataset</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10718">arxiv:2106.10718</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Junlin Han, Mehrdad Shoeiby, Tim Malthus, Elizabeth Botha, Janet Anstee, Saeed Anwar, Ran Wei, Mohammad Ali Armin, Hongdong Li, Lars Petersson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Underwater image restoration is of significant importance in unveiling the underwater world. Numerous techniques and algorithms have been developed in the past decades. However, due to fundamental difficulties associated with imaging/sensing, lighting, and refractive geometric distortions, in capturing clear underwater images, no comprehensive evaluations have been conducted of underwater image restoration. To address this gap, we have constructed a large-scale real underwater image dataset, dubbed `HICRD' (Heron Island Coral Reef Dataset), for the purpose of benchmarking existing methods and supporting the development of new deep-learning based methods. We employ accurate water parameter (diffuse attenuation coefficient) in generating reference images. There are 2000 reference restored images and 6003 original underwater images in the unpaired training set. Further, we present a novel method for underwater image restoration based on unsupervised image-to-image translation framework. Our proposed method leveraged contrastive learning and generative adversarial networks to maximize the mutual information between raw and restored images. Extensive experiments with comparisons to recent approaches further demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method. Our code and dataset are publicly available at GitHub.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Better Training using Weight-Constrained Stochastic Dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10704">arxiv:2106.10704</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Benedict Leimkuhler, Tiffany Vlaar, Timothée Pouchon, Amos Storkey</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We employ constraints to control the parameter space of deep neural networks throughout training. The use of customized, appropriately designed constraints can reduce the vanishing/exploding gradients problem, improve smoothness of classification boundaries, control weight magnitudes and stabilize deep neural networks, and thus enhance the robustness of training algorithms and the generalization capabilities of neural networks. We provide a general approach to efficiently incorporate constraints into a stochastic gradient Langevin framework, allowing enhanced exploration of the loss landscape. We also present specific examples of constrained training methods motivated by orthogonality preservation for weight matrices and explicit weight normalizations. Discretization schemes are provided both for the overdamped formulation of Langevin dynamics and the underdamped form, in which momenta further improve sampling efficiency. These optimization schemes can be used directly, without needing to adapt neural network architecture design choices or to modify the objective with regularization terms, and see performance improvements in classification tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tag, Copy or Predict: A Unified Weakly-Supervised Learning Framework for Visual Information Extraction using Sequences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10681">arxiv:2106.10681</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiapeng Wang, Tianwei Wang, Guozhi Tang, Lianwen Jin, Weihong Ma, Kai Ding, Yichao Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual information extraction (VIE) has attracted increasing attention in recent years. The existing methods usually first organized optical character recognition (OCR) results into plain texts and then utilized token-level entity annotations as supervision to train a sequence tagging model. However, it expends great annotation costs and may be exposed to label confusion, and the OCR errors will also significantly affect the final performance. In this paper, we propose a unified weakly-supervised learning framework called TCPN (Tag, Copy or Predict Network), which introduces 1) an efficient encoder to simultaneously model the semantic and layout information in 2D OCR results; 2) a weakly-supervised training strategy that utilizes only key information sequences as supervision; and 3) a flexible and switchable decoder which contains two inference modes: one (Copy or Predict Mode) is to output key information sequences of different categories by copying a token from the input or predicting one in each time step, and the other (Tag Mode) is to directly tag the input sequence in a single forward pass. Our method shows new state-of-the-art performance on several public benchmarks, which fully proves its effectiveness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Two-Faced Humans on Twitter and Facebook: Harvesting Social Multimedia for Human Personality Profiling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10673">arxiv:2106.10673</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Qi Yang, Aleksandr Farseev, Andrey Filchenkov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human personality traits are the key drivers behind our decision-making, influencing our life path on a daily basis. Inference of personality traits, such as Myers-Briggs Personality Type, as well as an understanding of dependencies between personality traits and users' behavior on various social media platforms is of crucial importance to modern research and industry applications. The emergence of diverse and cross-purpose social media avenues makes it possible to perform user personality profiling automatically and efficiently based on data represented across multiple data modalities. However, the research efforts on personality profiling from multi-source multi-modal social media data are relatively sparse, and the level of impact of different social network data on machine learning performance has yet to be comprehensively evaluated. Furthermore, there is not such dataset in the research community to benchmark. This study is one of the first attempts towards bridging such an important research gap. Specifically, in this work, we infer the Myers-Briggs Personality Type indicators, by applying a novel multi-view fusion framework, called "PERS" and comparing the performance results not just across data modalities but also with respect to different social network data sources. Our experimental results demonstrate the PERS's ability to learn from multi-view data for personality profiling by efficiently leveraging on the significantly different data arriving from diverse social multimedia sources. We have also found that the selection of a machine learning approach is of crucial importance when choosing social network data sources and that people tend to reveal multiple facets of their personality in different social media avenues. Our released social multimedia dataset facilitates future research on this direction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TD-GEN: Graph Generation With Tree Decomposition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10656">arxiv:2106.10656</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hamed Shirzad, Hossein Hajimirsadeghi, Amir H. Abdi, Greg Mori</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose TD-GEN, a graph generation framework based on tree decomposition, and introduce a reduced upper bound on the maximum number of decisions needed for graph generation. The framework includes a permutation invariant tree generation model which forms the backbone of graph generation. Tree nodes are supernodes, each representing a cluster of nodes in the graph. Graph nodes and edges are incrementally generated inside the clusters by traversing the tree supernodes, respecting the structure of the tree decomposition, and following node sharing decisions between the clusters. Finally, we discuss the shortcomings of standard evaluation criteria based on statistical properties of the generated graphs as performance measures. We propose to compare the performance of models based on likelihood. Empirical results on a variety of standard graph generation datasets demonstrate the superior performance of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Practical Assessment of Generalization Performance Robustness for Deep Networks via Contrastive Examples</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10653">arxiv:2106.10653</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xuanyu Wu, Xuhong Li, Haoyi Xiong, Xiao Zhang, Siyu Huang, Dejing Dou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Training images with data transformations have been suggested as contrastive examples to complement the testing set for generalization performance evaluation of deep neural networks (DNNs). In this work, we propose a practical framework ContRE (The word "contre" means "against" or "versus" in French.) that uses Contrastive examples for DNN geneRalization performance Estimation. Specifically, ContRE follows the assumption in contrastive learning that robust DNN models with good generalization performance are capable of extracting a consistent set of features and making consistent predictions from the same image under varying data transformations. Incorporating with a set of randomized strategies for well-designed data transformations over the training set, ContRE adopts classification errors and Fisher ratios on the generated contrastive examples to assess and analyze the generalization performance of deep models in complement with a testing set. To show the effectiveness and the efficiency of ContRE, extensive experiments have been done using various DNN models on three open source benchmark datasets with thorough ablation studies and applicability analyses. Our experiment results confirm that (1) behaviors of deep models on contrastive examples are strongly correlated to what on the testing set, and (2) ContRE is a robust measure of generalization performance complementing to the testing set in various settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Task Attended Meta-Learning for Few-Shot Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10642">arxiv:2106.10642</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Aroof Aimen, Sahil Sidheekh, Narayanan C. Krishnan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Meta-learning (ML) has emerged as a promising direction in learning models under constrained resource settings like few-shot learning. The popular approaches for ML either learn a generalizable initial model or a generic parametric optimizer through episodic training. The former approaches leverage the knowledge from a batch of tasks to learn an optimal prior. In this work, we study the importance of a batch for ML. Specifically, we first incorporate a batch episodic training regimen to improve the learning of the generic parametric optimizer. We also hypothesize that the common assumption in batch episodic training that each task in a batch has an equal contribution to learning an optimal meta-model need not be true. We propose to weight the tasks in a batch according to their "importance" in improving the meta-model's learning. To this end, we introduce a training curriculum motivated by selective focus in humans, called task attended meta-training, to weight the tasks in a batch. Task attention is a standalone module that can be integrated with any batch episodic training regimen. The comparisons of the models with their non-task-attended counterparts on complex datasets like miniImageNet and tieredImageNet validate its effectiveness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Artificial Neural Network for Cybersecurity: A Comprehensive Review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.01185">arxiv:2107.01185</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Prajoy Podder, Subrato Bharati, M. Rubaiyat Hossain Mondal, Pinto Kumar Paul, Utku Kose</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cybersecurity is a very emerging field that protects systems, networks, and data from digital attacks. With the increase in the scale of the Internet and the evolution of cyber attacks, developing novel cybersecurity tools has become important, particularly for Internet of things (IoT) networks. This paper provides a systematic review of the application of deep learning (DL) approaches for cybersecurity. This paper provides a short description of DL methods which is used in cybersecurity, including deep belief networks, generative adversarial networks, recurrent neural networks, and others. Next, we illustrate the differences between shallow learning and DL. Moreover, a discussion is provided on the currently prevailing cyber-attacks in IoT and other networks, and the effectiveness of DL methods to manage these attacks. Besides, this paper describes studies that highlight the DL technique, cybersecurity applications, and the source of datasets. Next, a discussion is provided on the feasibility of DL systems for malware detection and classification, intrusion detection, and other frequent cyber-attacks, including identifying file type, spam, and network traffic. Our review indicates that high classification accuracy of 99.72% is obtained by restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM) when applied to a custom dataset, while long short-term memory (LSTM) achieves an accuracy of 99.80% for KDD Cup 99 dataset. Finally, this article discusses the importance of cybersecurity for reliable and practicable IoT-driven healthcare systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the relationship between predictive coding and backpropagation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.13082">arxiv:2106.13082</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Robert Rosenbaum</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial neural networks are often interpreted as abstract models of biological neuronal networks, but they are typically trained using the biologically unrealistic backpropagation algorithm and its variants. Predictive coding has been offered as a potentially more biologically realistic alternative to backpropagation for training neural networks. In this manuscript, I review and extend recent work on the mathematical relationship between predictive coding and backpropagation for training feedforward artificial neural networks on supervised learning tasks. I discuss some implications of these results for the interpretation of predictive coding and deep neural networks as models of biological learning and I describe a repository of functions, Torch2PC, for performing predictive coding with PyTorch neural network models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Privacy Amplification via Iteration for Shuffled and Online PNSGD</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.11767">arxiv:2106.11767</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Matteo Sordello, Zhiqi Bu, Jinshuo Dong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we consider the framework of privacy amplification via iteration, which is originally proposed by Feldman et al. and subsequently simplified by Asoodeh et al. in their analysis via the contraction coefficient. This line of work focuses on the study of the privacy guarantees obtained by the projected noisy stochastic gradient descent (PNSGD) algorithm with hidden intermediate updates. A limitation in the existing literature is that only the early stopped PNSGD has been studied, while no result has been proved on the more widely-used PNSGD applied on a shuffled dataset. Moreover, no scheme has been yet proposed regarding how to decrease the injected noise when new data are received in an online fashion. In this work, we first prove a privacy guarantee for shuffled PNSGD, which is investigated asymptotically when the noise is fixed for each sample size $n$ but reduced at a predetermined rate when $n$ increases, in order to achieve the convergence of privacy loss. We then analyze the online setting and provide a faster decaying scheme for the magnitude of the injected noise that also guarantees the convergence of privacy loss.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stateful ODE-Nets using Basis Function Expansions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10820">arxiv:2106.10820</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alejandro Queiruga, N. Benjamin Erichson, Liam Hodgkinson, Michael W. Mahoney</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The recently-introduced class of ordinary differential equation networks (ODE-Nets) establishes a fruitful connection between deep learning and dynamical systems. In this work, we reconsider formulations of the weights as continuous-in-depth functions using linear combinations of basis functions which enables us to leverage parameter transformations such as function projections. In turn, this view allows us to formulate a novel stateful ODE-Block that handles stateful layers. The benefits of this new ODE-Block are twofold: first, it enables incorporating meaningful continuous-in-depth batch normalization layers to achieve state-of-the-art performance; second, it enables compressing the weights through a change of basis, without retraining, while maintaining near state-of-the-art performance and reducing both inference time and memory footprint. Performance is demonstrated by applying our stateful ODE-Block to (a) image classification tasks using convolutional units and (b) sentence-tagging tasks using transformer encoder units.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Spectral Marked Point Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10773">arxiv:2106.10773</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shixiang Zhu, Haoyun Wang, Xiuyuan Cheng, Yao Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self- and mutually-exciting point processes are popular models in machine learning and statistics for dependent discrete event data. To date, most existing models assume stationary kernels (including the classical Hawkes processes) and simple parametric models. Modern applications with complex event data require more general point process models that can incorporate contextual information of the events, called marks, besides the temporal and location information. Moreover, such applications often require non-stationary models to capture more complex spatio-temporal dependence. To tackle these challenges, a key question is to devise a versatile influence kernel in the point process model. In this paper, we introduce a novel and general neural network-based non-stationary influence kernel with high expressiveness for handling complex discrete events data while providing theoretical performance guarantees. We demonstrate the superior performance of our proposed method compared with the state-of-the-art on synthetic and real data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multirate Training of Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10771">arxiv:2106.10771</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tiffany Vlaar, Benedict Leimkuhler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose multirate training of neural networks: partitioning neural network parameters into "fast" and "slow" parts which are trained simultaneously using different learning rates. By choosing appropriate partitionings we can obtain large computational speed-ups for transfer learning tasks. We show that for various transfer learning applications in vision and NLP we can fine-tune deep neural networks in almost half the time, without reducing the generalization performance of the resulting model. We also discuss other splitting choices for the neural network parameters which are beneficial in enhancing generalization performance in settings where neural networks are trained from scratch. Finally, we propose an additional multirate technique which can learn different features present in the data by training the full network on different time scales simultaneously. The benefits of using this approach are illustrated for ResNet architectures on image data. Our paper unlocks the potential of using multirate techniques for neural network training and provides many starting points for future work in this area.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Track Object Position through Occlusion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10766">arxiv:2106.10766</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Satyaki Chakraborty, Martial Hebert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Occlusion is one of the most significant challenges encountered by object detectors and trackers. While both object detection and tracking has received a lot of attention in the past, most existing methods in this domain do not target detecting or tracking objects when they are occluded. However, being able to detect or track an object of interest through occlusion has been a long standing challenge for different autonomous tasks. Traditional methods that employ visual object trackers with explicit occlusion modeling experience drift and make several fundamental assumptions about the data. We propose to address this with a `tracking-by-detection` approach that builds upon the success of region based video object detectors. Our video level object detector uses a novel recurrent computational unit at its core that enables long term propagation of object features even under occlusion. Finally, we compare our approach with existing state-of-the-art video object detectors and show that our approach achieves superior results on a dataset of furniture assembly videos collected from the internet, where small objects like screws, nuts, and bolts often get occluded from the camera viewpoint.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalization in the Face of Adaptivity: A Bayesian Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10761">arxiv:2106.10761</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Moshe Shenfeld, Katrina Ligett</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Repeated use of a data sample via adaptively chosen queries can rapidly lead to overfitting, wherein the issued queries yield answers on the sample that differ wildly from the values of those queries on the underlying data distribution. Differential privacy provides a tool to ensure generalization despite adaptively-chosen queries, but its worst-case nature means that it cannot, for example, yield improved results for low-variance queries. In this paper, we give a simple new characterization that illuminates the core problem of adaptive data analysis. We show explicitly that the harms of adaptivity come from the covariance between the behavior of future queries and a Bayes factor-based measure of how much information about the data sample was encoded in the responses given to past queries. We leverage this intuition to introduce a new stability notion; we then use it to prove new generalization results for the most basic noise-addition mechanisms (Laplace and Gaussian noise addition), with guarantees that scale with the variance of the queries rather than the square of their range. Our characterization opens the door to new insights and new algorithms for the fundamental problem of achieving generalization in adaptive data analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Is Shapley Value fair? Improving Client Selection for Mavericks in Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10734">arxiv:2106.10734</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiyue Huang, Chi Hong, Lydia Y. Chen, Stefanie Roos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Shapley Value is commonly adopted to measure and incentivize client participation in federated learning. In this paper, we show -- theoretically and through simulations -- that Shapley Value underestimates the contribution of a common type of client: the Maverick. Mavericks are clients that differ both in data distribution and data quantity and can be the sole owners of certain types of data. Selecting the right clients at the right moment is important for federated learning to reduce convergence times and improve accuracy. We propose FedEMD, an adaptive client selection strategy based on the Wasserstein distance between the local and global data distributions. As FedEMD adapts the selection probability such that Mavericks are preferably selected when the model benefits from improvement on rare classes, it consistently ensures the fast convergence in the presence of different types of Mavericks. Compared to existing strategies, including Shapley Value-based ones, FedEMD improves the convergence of neural network classifiers by at least 26.9% for FedAvg aggregation compared with the state of the art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast PDN Impedance Prediction Using Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10693">arxiv:2106.10693</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ling Zhang, Jack Juang, Zurab Kiguradze, Bo Pu, Shuai Jin, Songping Wu, Zhiping Yang, Chulsoon Hwang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modeling and simulating a power distribution network (PDN) for printed circuit boards (PCBs) with irregular board shapes and multi-layer stackup is computationally inefficient using full-wave simulations. This paper presents a new concept of using deep learning for PDN impedance prediction. A boundary element method (BEM) is applied to efficiently calculate the impedance for arbitrary board shape and stackup. Then over one million boards with different shapes, stackup, IC location, and decap placement are randomly generated to train a deep neural network (DNN). The trained DNN can predict the impedance accurately for new board configurations that have not been used for training. The consumed time using the trained DNN is only 0.1 seconds, which is over 100 times faster than the BEM method and 5000 times faster than full-wave simulations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Solution for Large-scale Long-tailed Recognition with Noisy Labels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10683">arxiv:2106.10683</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yuqiao Xian, Jia-Xin Zhuang, Fufu Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This is a technical report for CVPR 2021 AliProducts Challenge. AliProducts Challenge is a competition proposed for studying the large-scale and fine-grained commodity image recognition problem encountered by worldleading ecommerce companies. The large-scale product recognition simultaneously meets the challenge of noisy annotations, imbalanced (long-tailed) data distribution and fine-grained classification. In our solution, we adopt stateof-the-art model architectures of both CNNs and Transformer, including ResNeSt, EfficientNetV2, and DeiT. We found that iterative data cleaning, classifier weight normalization, high-resolution finetuning, and test time augmentation are key components to improve the performance of training with the noisy and imbalanced dataset. Finally, we obtain 6.4365% mean class error rate in the leaderboard with our ensemble model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Comprehensive Review on Non-Neural Networks Collaborative Filtering Recommendation Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10679">arxiv:2106.10679</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Carmel Wenga, Majirus Fansi, Sébastien Chabrier, Jean-Martial Mari, Alban Gabillon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Over the past two decades, recommender systems have attracted a lot of interest due to the explosion in the amount of data in online applications. A particular attention has been paid to collaborative filtering, which is the most widely used in applications that involve information recommendations. Collaborative filtering (CF) uses the known preference of a group of users to make predictions and recommendations about the unknown preferences of other users (recommendations are made based on the past behavior of users). First introduced in the 1990s, a wide variety of increasingly successful models have been proposed. Due to the success of machine learning techniques in many areas, there has been a growing emphasis on the application of such algorithms in recommendation systems. In this article, we present an overview of the CF approaches for recommender systems, their two main categories, and their evaluation metrics. We focus on the application of classical Machine Learning algorithms to CF recommender systems by presenting their evolution from their first use-cases to advanced Machine Learning models. We attempt to provide a comprehensive and comparative overview of CF systems (with python implementations) that can serve as a guideline for research and practice in this area.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A compressive multi-kernel method for privacy-preserving machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10671">arxiv:2106.10671</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Thee Chanyaswad, J. Morris Chang, S. Y. Kung</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As the analytic tools become more powerful, and more data are generated on a daily basis, the issue of data privacy arises. This leads to the study of the design of privacy-preserving machine learning algorithms. Given two objectives, namely, utility maximization and privacy-loss minimization, this work is based on two previously non-intersecting regimes -- Compressive Privacy and multi-kernel method. Compressive Privacy is a privacy framework that employs utility-preserving lossy-encoding scheme to protect the privacy of the data, while multi-kernel method is a kernel based machine learning regime that explores the idea of using multiple kernels for building better predictors. The compressive multi-kernel method proposed consists of two stages -- the compression stage and the multi-kernel stage. The compression stage follows the Compressive Privacy paradigm to provide the desired privacy protection. Each kernel matrix is compressed with a lossy projection matrix derived from the Discriminant Component Analysis (DCA). The multi-kernel stage uses the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) score of each kernel to non-uniformly combine multiple compressive kernels. The proposed method is evaluated on two mobile-sensing datasets -- MHEALTH and HAR -- where activity recognition is defined as utility and person identification is defined as privacy. The results show that the compression regime is successful in privacy preservation as the privacy classification accuracies are almost at the random-guess level in all experiments. On the other hand, the novel SNR-based multi-kernel shows utility classification accuracy improvement upon the state-of-the-art in both datasets. These results indicate a promising direction for research in privacy-preserving machine learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Outlier Detection and Spatial Analysis Algorithms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10669">arxiv:2106.10669</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jacob John</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Outlier detection is a significant area in data mining. It can be either used to pre-process the data prior to an analysis or post the processing phase (before visualization) depending on the effectiveness of the outlier and its importance. Outlier detection extends to several fields such as detection of credit card fraud, network intrusions, machine failure prediction, potential terrorist attacks, and so on. Outliers are those data points with characteristics considerably different. They deviate from the data set causing inconsistencies, noise and anomalies during analysis and result in modification of the original points However, a common misconception is that outliers have to be immediately eliminated or replaced from the data set. Such points could be considered useful if analyzed separately as they could be obtained from a separate mechanism entirely making it important to the research question. This study surveys the different methods of outlier detection for spatial analysis. Spatial data or geospatial data are those that exhibit geographic properties or attributes such as position or areas. An example would be weather data such as precipitation, temperature, wind velocity, and so on collected for a defined region.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Implementing a Detection System for COVID-19 based on Lung Ultrasound Imaging and Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10651">arxiv:2106.10651</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Carlos Rojas-Azabache, Karen Vilca-Janampa, Renzo Guerrero-Huayta, Dennis Núñez-Fernández</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The COVID-19 pandemic started in China in December 2019 and quickly spread to several countries. The consequences of this pandemic are incalculable, causing the death of millions of people and damaging the global economy. To achieve large-scale control of this pandemic, fast tools for detection and treatment of patients are needed. Thus, the demand for alternative tools for the diagnosis of COVID-19 has increased dramatically since accurated and automated tools are not available. In this paper we present the ongoing work on a system for COVID-19 detection using ultrasound imaging and using Deep Learning techniques. Furthermore, such a system is implemented on a Raspberry Pi to make it portable and easy to use in remote regions without an Internet connection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Polyconvex anisotropic hyperelasticity with neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.14623">arxiv:2106.14623</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Dominik K. Klein, Mauricio Fernández, Robert J. Martin, Patrizio Neff, Oliver Weeger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the present work, two machine learning based constitutive models for finite deformations are proposed. Using input convex neural networks, the models are hyperelastic, anisotropic and fulfill the polyconvexity condition, which implies ellipticity and thus ensures material stability. The first constitutive model is based on a set of polyconvex, anisotropic and objective invariants. The second approach is formulated in terms of the deformation gradient, its cofactor and determinant, uses group symmetrization to fulfill the material symmetry condition, and data augmentation to fulfill objectivity approximately. The extension of the dataset for the data augmentation approach is based on mechanical considerations and does not require additional experimental or simulation data. The models are calibrated with highly challenging simulation data of cubic lattice metamaterials, including finite deformations and lattice instabilities. A moderate amount of calibration data is used, based on deformations which are commonly applied in experimental investigations. While the invariant-based model shows drawbacks for several deformation modes, the model based on the deformation gradient alone is able to reproduce and predict the effective material behavior very well and exhibits excellent generalization capabilities. In addition, the models are calibrated with transversely isotropic data, generated with an analytical polyconvex potential. For this case, both models show excellent results, demonstrating the straightforward applicability of the polyconvex neural network constitutive models to other symmetry groups.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Low-Latency Federated Learning over Wireless Channels with Differential Privacy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.13039">arxiv:2106.13039</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Kang Wei, Jun Li, Chuan Ma, Ming Ding, Cailian Chen, Shi Jin, Zhu Han, H. Vincent Poor</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In federated learning (FL), model training is distributed over clients and local models are aggregated by a central server. The performance of uploaded models in such situations can vary widely due to imbalanced data distributions, potential demands on privacy protections, and quality of transmissions. In this paper, we aim to minimize FL training delay over wireless channels, constrained by overall training performance as well as each client's differential privacy (DP) requirement. We solve this problem in the framework of multi-agent multi-armed bandit (MAMAB) to deal with the situation where there are multiple clients confornting different unknown transmission environments, e.g., channel fading and interferences. Specifically, we first transform the long-term constraints on both training performance and each client's DP into a virtual queue based on the Lyapunov drift technique. Then, we convert the MAMAB to a max-min bipartite matching problem at each communication round, by estimating rewards with the upper confidence bound (UCB) approach. More importantly, we propose two efficient solutions to this matching problem, i.e., modified Hungarian algorithm and greedy matching with a better alternative (GMBA), in which the first one can achieve the optimal solution with a high complexity while the second one approaches a better trade-off by enabling a verified low-complexity with little performance loss. In addition, we develop an upper bound on the expected regret of this MAMAB based FL framework, which shows a linear growth over the logarithm of communication rounds, justifying its theoretical feasibility. Extensive experimental results are conducted to validate the effectiveness of our proposed algorithms, and the impacts of various parameters on the FL performance over wireless edge networks are also discussed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SISA: Securing Images by Selective Alteration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.11770">arxiv:2106.11770</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Prutha Gaherwar, Shraddha Joshi, Raviraj Joshi, Rahul Khengare</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With an increase in mobile and camera devices' popularity, digital content in the form of images has increased drastically. As personal life is being continuously documented in pictures, the risk of losing it to eavesdroppers is a matter of grave concern. Secondary storage is the most preferred medium for the storage of personal and other images. Our work is concerned with the security of such images. While encryption is the best way to ensure image security, full encryption and decryption is a computationally-intensive process. Moreover, as cameras are getting better every day, image quality, and thus, the pixel density has increased considerably. The increased pixel density makes encryption and decryption more expensive. We, therefore, delve into selective encryption and selective blurring based on the region of interest. Instead of encrypting or blurring the entire photograph, we only encode selected regions of the image. We present a comparative analysis of the partial and full encryption of the photos. This kind of encoding will help us lower the encryption overhead without compromising security. The applications utilizing this technique will become more usable due to the reduction in the decryption time. Additionally, blurred images being more readable than encrypted ones, allowed us to define the level of security. We leverage the machine learning algorithms like Mask-RCNN (Region-based convolutional neural network) and YOLO (You Only Look Once) to select the region of interest. These algorithms have set new benchmarks for object recognition. We develop an end to end system to demonstrate our idea of selective encryption.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Representations and Strategies for Transferable Machine Learning Models in Chemical Discovery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10768">arxiv:2106.10768</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Daniel R. Harper, Aditya Nandy, Naveen Arunachalam, Chenru Duan, Jon Paul Janet, Heather J. Kulik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Strategies for machine-learning(ML)-accelerated discovery that are general across materials composition spaces are essential, but demonstrations of ML have been primarily limited to narrow composition variations. By addressing the scarcity of data in promising regions of chemical space for challenging targets like open-shell transition-metal complexes, general representations and transferable ML models that leverage known relationships in existing data will accelerate discovery. Over a large set (ca. 1000) of isovalent transition-metal complexes, we quantify evident relationships for different properties (i.e., spin-splitting and ligand dissociation) between rows of the periodic table (i.e., 3d/4d metals and 2p/3p ligands). We demonstrate an extension to graph-based revised autocorrelation (RAC) representation (i.e., eRAC) that incorporates the effective nuclear charge alongside the nuclear charge heuristic that otherwise overestimates dissimilarity of isovalent complexes. To address the common challenge of discovery in a new space where data is limited, we introduce a transfer learning approach in which we seed models trained on a large amount of data from one row of the periodic table with a small number of data points from the additional row. We demonstrate the synergistic value of the eRACs alongside this transfer learning strategy to consistently improve model performance. Analysis of these models highlights how the approach succeeds by reordering the distances between complexes to be more consistent with the periodic table, a property we expect to be broadly useful for other materials domains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On predicting research grants productivity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10700">arxiv:2106.10700</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jorge A. V. Tohalino, Diego R. Amancio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Understanding the reasons associated with successful proposals is of paramount importance to improve evaluation processes. In this context, we analyzed whether bibliometric features are able to predict the success of research grants. We extracted features aiming at characterizing the academic history of Brazilian researchers, including research topics, affiliations, number of publications and visibility. The extracted features were then used to predict grants productivity via machine learning in three major research areas, namely Medicine, Dentistry and Veterinary Medicine. We found that research subject and publication history play a role in predicting productivity. In addition, institution-based features turned out to be relevant when combined with other features. While the best results outperformed text-based attributes, the evaluated features were not highly discriminative. Our findings indicate that predicting grants success, at least with the considered set of bibliometric features, is not a trivial task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generative Model Adversarial Training for Deep Compressed Sensing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10696">arxiv:2106.10696</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ashkan Esmaeili</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep compressed sensing assumes the data has sparse representation in a latent space, i.e., it is intrinsically of low-dimension. The original data is assumed to be mapped from a low-dimensional space through a low-to-high-dimensional generator. In this work, we propound how to design such a low-to-high dimensional deep learning-based generator suiting for compressed sensing, while satisfying robustness to universal adversarial perturbations in the latent domain. We also justify why the noise is considered in the latent space. The work is also buttressed with theoretical analysis on the robustness of the trained generator to adversarial perturbations. Experiments on real-world datasets are provided to substantiate the efficacy of the proposed \emph{generative model adversarial training for deep compressed sensing.}

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Nuclei Grading of Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma in Histopathological Image by Composite High-Resolution Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10641">arxiv:2106.10641</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zeyu Gao, Jiangbo Shi, Xianli Zhang, Yang Li, Haichuan Zhang, Jialun Wu, Chunbao Wang, Deyu Meng, Chen Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The grade of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) is a critical prognostic factor, making ccRCC nuclei grading a crucial task in RCC pathology analysis. Computer-aided nuclei grading aims to improve pathologists' work efficiency while reducing their misdiagnosis rate by automatically identifying the grades of tumor nuclei within histopathological images. Such a task requires precisely segment and accurately classify the nuclei. However, most of the existing nuclei segmentation and classification methods can not handle the inter-class similarity property of nuclei grading, thus can not be directly applied to the ccRCC grading task. In this paper, we propose a Composite High-Resolution Network for ccRCC nuclei grading. Specifically, we propose a segmentation network called W-Net that can separate the clustered nuclei. Then, we recast the fine-grained classification of nuclei to two cross-category classification tasks, based on two high-resolution feature extractors (HRFEs) which are proposed for learning these two tasks. The two HRFEs share the same backbone encoder with W-Net by a composite connection so that meaningful features for the segmentation task can be inherited for the classification task. Last, a head-fusion block is applied to generate the predicted label of each nucleus. Furthermore, we introduce a dataset for ccRCC nuclei grading, containing 1000 image patches with 70945 annotated nuclei. We demonstrate that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance compared to existing methods on this large ccRCC grading dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Signal Representations for EEG Cross-Subject Channel Selection and Trial Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.10633">arxiv:2106.10633</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Michela C. Massi, Francesca Ieva</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** EEG technology finds applications in several domains. Currently, most EEG systems require subjects to wear several electrodes on the scalp to be effective. However, several channels might include noisy information, redundant signals, induce longer preparation times and increase computational times of any automated system for EEG decoding. One way to reduce the signal-to-noise ratio and improve classification accuracy is to combine channel selection with feature extraction, but EEG signals are known to present high inter-subject variability. In this work we introduce a novel algorithm for subject-independent channel selection of EEG recordings. Considering multi-channel trial recordings as statistical units and the EEG decoding task as the class of reference, the algorithm (i) exploits channel-specific 1D-Convolutional Neural Networks (1D-CNNs) as feature extractors in a supervised fashion to maximize class separability; (ii) it reduces a high dimensional multi-channel trial representation into a unique trial vector by concatenating the channels' embeddings and (iii) recovers the complex inter-channel relationships during channel selection, by exploiting an ensemble of AutoEncoders (AE) to identify from these vectors the most relevant channels to perform classification. After training, the algorithm can be exploited by transferring only the parametrized subgroup of selected channel-specific 1D-CNNs to new signals from new subjects and obtain low-dimensional and highly informative trial vectors to be fed to any classifier.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ESAI: Efficient Split Artificial Intelligence via Early Exiting Using Neural Architecture Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.12549">arxiv:2106.12549</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Behnam Zeinali, Di Zhuang, J. Morris Chang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, deep neural networks have been outperforming conventional machine learning algorithms in many computer vision-related tasks. However, it is not computationally acceptable to implement these models on mobile and IoT devices and the majority of devices are harnessing the cloud computing methodology in which outstanding deep learning models are responsible for analyzing the data on the server. This can bring the communication cost for the devices and make the whole system useless in those times where the communication is not available. In this paper, a new framework for deploying on IoT devices has been proposed which can take advantage of both the cloud and the on-device models by extracting the meta-information from each sample's classification result and evaluating the classification's performance for the necessity of sending the sample to the server. Experimental results show that only 40 percent of the test data should be sent to the server using this technique and the overall accuracy of the framework is 92 percent which improves the accuracy of both client and server models.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-06/2021-06-19.md)
