## Summary for 2021-05-26, created on 2021-12-21


<details><summary><b>A Universal Law of Robustness via Isoperimetry</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12806">arxiv:2105.12806</a>
&#x1F4C8; 175 <br>
<p>Sébastien Bubeck, Mark Sellke</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Classically, data interpolation with a parametrized model class is possible as long as the number of parameters is larger than the number of equations to be satisfied. A puzzling phenomenon in deep learning is that models are trained with many more parameters than what this classical theory would suggest. We propose a theoretical explanation for this phenomenon. We prove that for a broad class of data distributions and model classes, overparametrization is necessary if one wants to interpolate the data smoothly. Namely we show that smooth interpolation requires $d$ times more parameters than mere interpolation, where $d$ is the ambient data dimension. We prove this universal law of robustness for any smoothly parametrized function class with polynomial size weights, and any covariate distribution verifying isoperimetry. In the case of two-layers neural networks and Gaussian covariates, this law was conjectured in prior work by Bubeck, Li and Nagaraj. We also give an interpretation of our result as an improved generalization bound for model classes consisting of smooth functions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Smile Like You Mean It: Driving Animatronic Robotic Face with Learned Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12724">arxiv:2105.12724</a>
&#x1F4C8; 116 <br>
<p>Boyuan Chen, Yuhang Hu, Lianfeng Li, Sara Cummings, Hod Lipson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Ability to generate intelligent and generalizable facial expressions is essential for building human-like social robots. At present, progress in this field is hindered by the fact that each facial expression needs to be programmed by humans. In order to adapt robot behavior in real time to different situations that arise when interacting with human subjects, robots need to be able to train themselves without requiring human labels, as well as make fast action decisions and generalize the acquired knowledge to diverse and new contexts. We addressed this challenge by designing a physical animatronic robotic face with soft skin and by developing a vision-based self-supervised learning framework for facial mimicry. Our algorithm does not require any knowledge of the robot's kinematic model, camera calibration or predefined expression set. By decomposing the learning process into a generative model and an inverse model, our framework can be trained using a single motor babbling dataset. Comprehensive evaluations show that our method enables accurate and diverse face mimicry across diverse human subjects. The project website is at http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~bchen/aiface/

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CogView: Mastering Text-to-Image Generation via Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13290">arxiv:2105.13290</a>
&#x1F4C8; 106 <br>
<p>Ming Ding, Zhuoyi Yang, Wenyi Hong, Wendi Zheng, Chang Zhou, Da Yin, Junyang Lin, Xu Zou, Zhou Shao, Hongxia Yang, Jie Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Text-to-Image generation in the general domain has long been an open problem, which requires both a powerful generative model and cross-modal understanding. We propose CogView, a 4-billion-parameter Transformer with VQ-VAE tokenizer to advance this problem. We also demonstrate the finetuning strategies for various downstream tasks, e.g. style learning, super-resolution, text-image ranking and fashion design, and methods to stabilize pretraining, e.g. eliminating NaN losses. CogView achieves the state-of-the-art FID on the blurred MS COCO dataset, outperforming previous GAN-based models and a recent similar work DALL-E.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SimNet: Learning Reactive Self-driving Simulations from Real-world Observations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12332">arxiv:2105.12332</a>
&#x1F4C8; 45 <br>
<p>Luca Bergamini, Yawei Ye, Oliver Scheel, Long Chen, Chih Hu, Luca Del Pero, Blazej Osinski, Hugo Grimmett, Peter Ondruska</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we present a simple end-to-end trainable machine learning system capable of realistically simulating driving experiences. This can be used for the verification of self-driving system performance without relying on expensive and time-consuming road testing. In particular, we frame the simulation problem as a Markov Process, leveraging deep neural networks to model both state distribution and transition function. These are trainable directly from the existing raw observations without the need for any handcrafting in the form of plant or kinematic models. All that is needed is a dataset of historical traffic episodes. Our formulation allows the system to construct never seen scenes that unfold realistically reacting to the self-driving car's behaviour. We train our system directly from 1,000 hours of driving logs and measure both realism, reactivity of the simulation as the two key properties of the simulation. At the same time, we apply the method to evaluate the performance of a recently proposed state-of-the-art ML planning system trained from human driving logs. We discover this planning system is prone to previously unreported causal confusion issues that are difficult to test by non-reactive simulation. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that directly merges highly realistic data-driven simulations with a closed-loop evaluation for self-driving vehicles. We make the data, code, and pre-trained models publicly available to further stimulate simulation development.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Comprehensive Survey on Community Detection with Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12584">arxiv:2105.12584</a>
&#x1F4C8; 31 <br>
<p>Xing Su, Shan Xue, Fanzhen Liu, Jia Wu, Jian Yang, Chuan Zhou, Wenbin Hu, Cecile Paris, Surya Nepal, Di Jin, Quan Z. Sheng, Philip S. Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A community reveals the features and connections of its members that are different from those in other communities in a network. Detecting communities is of great significance in network analysis. Despite the classical spectral clustering and statistical inference methods, we notice a significant development of deep learning techniques for community detection in recent years with their advantages in handling high dimensional network data. Hence, a comprehensive overview of community detection's latest progress through deep learning is timely to academics and practitioners. This survey devises and proposes a new taxonomy covering different state-of-the-art methods, including deep learning-based models upon deep neural networks, deep nonnegative matrix factorization and deep sparse filtering. The main category, i.e., deep neural networks, is further divided into convolutional networks, graph attention networks, generative adversarial networks and autoencoders. The survey also summarizes the popular benchmark data sets, evaluation metrics, and open-source implementations to address experimentation settings. We then discuss the practical applications of community detection in various domains and point to implementation scenarios. Finally, we outline future directions by suggesting challenging topics in this fast-growing deep learning field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DSLR: Dynamic to Static LiDAR Scan Reconstruction Using Adversarially Trained Autoencoder</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12774">arxiv:2105.12774</a>
&#x1F4C8; 30 <br>
<p>Prashant Kumar, Sabyasachi Sahoo, Vanshil Shah, Vineetha Kondameedi, Abhinav Jain, Akshaj Verma, Chiranjib Bhattacharyya, Vinay Viswanathan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate reconstruction of static environments from LiDAR scans of scenes containing dynamic objects, which we refer to as Dynamic to Static Translation (DST), is an important area of research in Autonomous Navigation. This problem has been recently explored for visual SLAM, but to the best of our knowledge no work has been attempted to address DST for LiDAR scans. The problem is of critical importance due to wide-spread adoption of LiDAR in Autonomous Vehicles. We show that state-of the art methods developed for the visual domain when adapted for LiDAR scans perform poorly.
  We develop DSLR, a deep generative model which learns a mapping between dynamic scan to its static counterpart through an adversarially trained autoencoder. Our model yields the first solution for DST on LiDAR that generates static scans without using explicit segmentation labels. DSLR cannot always be applied to real world data due to lack of paired dynamic-static scans. Using Unsupervised Domain Adaptation, we propose DSLR-UDA for transfer to real world data and experimentally show that this performs well in real world settings. Additionally, if segmentation information is available, we extend DSLR to DSLR-Seg to further improve the reconstruction quality.
  DSLR gives the state of the art performance on simulated and real-world datasets and also shows at least 4x improvement. We show that DSLR, unlike the existing baselines, is a practically viable model with its reconstruction quality within the tolerable limits for tasks pertaining to autonomous navigation like SLAM in dynamic environments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fooling Partial Dependence via Data Poisoning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12837">arxiv:2105.12837</a>
&#x1F4C8; 17 <br>
<p>Hubert Baniecki, Wojciech Kretowicz, Przemyslaw Biecek</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many methods have been developed to understand complex predictive models and high expectations are placed on post-hoc model explainability. It turns out that such explanations are not robust nor trustworthy, and they can be fooled. This paper presents techniques for attacking Partial Dependence (plots, profiles, PDP), which are among the most popular methods of explaining any predictive model trained on tabular data. We showcase that PD can be manipulated in an adversarial manner, which is alarming, especially in financial or medical applications where auditability became a must-have trait supporting black-box models. The fooling is performed via poisoning the data to bend and shift explanations in the desired direction using genetic and gradient algorithms. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work performing attacks on variable dependence explanations. The novel approach of using a genetic algorithm for doing so is highly transferable as it generalizes both ways: in a model-agnostic and an explanation-agnostic manner.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Zero-shot Medical Entity Retrieval without Annotation: Learning From Rich Knowledge Graph Semantics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12682">arxiv:2105.12682</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Luyang Kong, Christopher Winestock, Parminder Bhatia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Medical entity retrieval is an integral component for understanding and communicating information across various health systems. Current approaches tend to work well on specific medical domains but generalize poorly to unseen sub-specialties. This is of increasing concern under a public health crisis as new medical conditions and drug treatments come to light frequently. Zero-shot retrieval is challenging due to the high degree of ambiguity and variability in medical corpora, making it difficult to build an accurate similarity measure between mentions and concepts. Medical knowledge graphs (KG), however, contain rich semantics including large numbers of synonyms as well as its curated graphical structures. To take advantage of this valuable information, we propose a suite of learning tasks designed for training efficient zero-shot entity retrieval models. Without requiring any human annotation, our knowledge graph enriched architecture significantly outperforms common zero-shot benchmarks including BM25 and Clinical BERT with 7% to 30% higher recall across multiple major medical ontologies, such as UMLS, SNOMED, and ICD-10.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predict then Interpolate: A Simple Algorithm to Learn Stable Classifiers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12628">arxiv:2105.12628</a>
&#x1F4C8; 11 <br>
<p>Yujia Bao, Shiyu Chang, Regina Barzilay</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose Predict then Interpolate (PI), a simple algorithm for learning correlations that are stable across environments. The algorithm follows from the intuition that when using a classifier trained on one environment to make predictions on examples from another environment, its mistakes are informative as to which correlations are unstable. In this work, we prove that by interpolating the distributions of the correct predictions and the wrong predictions, we can uncover an oracle distribution where the unstable correlation vanishes. Since the oracle interpolation coefficients are not accessible, we use group distributionally robust optimization to minimize the worst-case risk across all such interpolations. We evaluate our method on both text classification and image classification. Empirical results demonstrate that our algorithm is able to learn robust classifiers (outperforms IRM by 23.85% on synthetic environments and 12.41% on natural environments). Our code and data are available at https://github.com/YujiaBao/Predict-then-Interpolate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>What data do we need for training an AV motion planner?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12337">arxiv:2105.12337</a>
&#x1F4C8; 11 <br>
<p>Long Chen, Lukas Platinsky, Stefanie Speichert, Blazej Osinski, Oliver Scheel, Yawei Ye, Hugo Grimmett, Luca del Pero, Peter Ondruska</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We investigate what grade of sensor data is required for training an imitation-learning-based AV planner on human expert demonstration. Machine-learned planners are very hungry for training data, which is usually collected using vehicles equipped with the same sensors used for autonomous operation. This is costly and non-scalable. If cheaper sensors could be used for collection instead, data availability would go up, which is crucial in a field where data volume requirements are large and availability is small. We present experiments using up to 1000 hours worth of expert demonstration and find that training with 10x lower-quality data outperforms 1x AV-grade data in terms of planner performance. The important implication of this is that cheaper sensors can indeed be used. This serves to improve data access and democratize the field of imitation-based motion planning. Alongside this, we perform a sensitivity analysis of planner performance as a function of perception range, field-of-view, accuracy, and data volume, and the reason why lower-quality data still provide good planning results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sli2Vol: Annotate a 3D Volume from a Single Slice with Self-Supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12722">arxiv:2105.12722</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Pak-Hei Yeung, Ana I. L. Namburete, Weidi Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The objective of this work is to segment any arbitrary structures of interest (SOI) in 3D volumes by only annotating a single slice, (i.e. semi-automatic 3D segmentation). We show that high accuracy can be achieved by simply propagating the 2D slice segmentation with an affinity matrix between consecutive slices, which can be learnt in a self-supervised manner, namely slice reconstruction. Specifically, we compare the proposed framework, termed as Sli2Vol, with supervised approaches and two other unsupervised/ self-supervised slice registration approaches, on 8 public datasets (both CT and MRI scans), spanning 9 different SOIs. Without any parameter-tuning, the same model achieves superior performance with Dice scores (0-100 scale) of over 80 for most of the benchmarks, including the ones that are unseen during training. Our results show generalizability of the proposed approach across data from different machines and with different SOIs: a major use case of semi-automatic segmentation methods where fully supervised approaches would normally struggle. The source code will be made publicly available at https://github.com/pakheiyeung/Sli2Vol.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Blurs Make Results Clearer: Spatial Smoothings to Improve Accuracy, Uncertainty, and Robustness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12639">arxiv:2105.12639</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Namuk Park, Songkuk Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian neural networks (BNNs) have shown success in the areas of uncertainty estimation and robustness. However, a crucial challenge prohibits their use in practice: Bayesian NNs require a large number of predictions to produce reliable results, leading to a significant increase in computational cost. To alleviate this issue, we propose spatial smoothing, a method that ensembles neighboring feature map points of CNNs. By simply adding a few blur layers to the models, we empirically show that the spatial smoothing improves accuracy, uncertainty estimation, and robustness of BNNs across a whole range of ensemble sizes. In particular, BNNs incorporating the spatial smoothing achieve high predictive performance merely with a handful of ensembles. Moreover, this method also can be applied to canonical deterministic neural networks to improve the performances. A number of evidences suggest that the improvements can be attributed to the smoothing and flattening of the loss landscape. In addition, we provide a fundamental explanation for prior works - namely, global average pooling, pre-activation, and ReLU6 - by addressing to them as special cases of the spatial smoothing. These not only enhance accuracy, but also improve uncertainty estimation and robustness by making the loss landscape smoother in the same manner as the spatial smoothing. The code is available at https://github.com/xxxnell/spatial-smoothing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Designing ECG Monitoring Healthcare System with Federated Transfer Learning and Explainable AI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12497">arxiv:2105.12497</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Ali Raza, Kim Phuc Tran, Ludovic Koehl, Shujun Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning play a vital role in classifying different arrhythmias using the electrocardiography (ECG) data. Nevertheless, training deep learning models normally requires a large amount of data and it can lead to privacy concerns. Unfortunately, a large amount of healthcare data cannot be easily collected from a single silo. Additionally, deep learning models are like black-box, with no explainability of the predicted results, which is often required in clinical healthcare. This limits the application of deep learning in real-world health systems. In this paper, we design a new explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) based deep learning framework in a federated setting for ECG-based healthcare applications. The federated setting is used to solve issues such as data availability and privacy concerns. Furthermore, the proposed framework setting effectively classifies arrhythmia's using an autoencoder and a classifier, both based on a convolutional neural network (CNN). Additionally, we propose an XAI-based module on top of the proposed classifier to explain the classification results, which help clinical practitioners make quick and reliable decisions. The proposed framework was trained and tested using the MIT-BIH Arrhythmia database. The classifier achieved accuracy up to 94% and 98% for arrhythmia detection using noisy and clean data, respectively, with five-fold cross-validation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PyTouch: A Machine Learning Library for Touch Processing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12791">arxiv:2105.12791</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Mike Lambeta, Huazhe Xu, Jingwei Xu, Po-Wei Chou, Shaoxiong Wang, Trevor Darrell, Roberto Calandra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the increased availability of rich tactile sensors, there is an equally proportional need for open-source and integrated software capable of efficiently and effectively processing raw touch measurements into high-level signals that can be used for control and decision-making. In this paper, we present PyTouch -- the first machine learning library dedicated to the processing of touch sensing signals. PyTouch, is designed to be modular, easy-to-use and provides state-of-the-art touch processing capabilities as a service with the goal of unifying the tactile sensing community by providing a library for building scalable, proven, and performance-validated modules over which applications and research can be built upon. We evaluate PyTouch on real-world data from several tactile sensors on touch processing tasks such as touch detection, slip and object pose estimations. PyTouch is open-sourced at https://github.com/facebookresearch/pytouch .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computer Vision and Conflicting Values: Describing People with Automated Alt Text</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12754">arxiv:2105.12754</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Margot Hanley, Solon Barocas, Karen Levy, Shiri Azenkot, Helen Nissenbaum</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Scholars have recently drawn attention to a range of controversial issues posed by the use of computer vision for automatically generating descriptions of people in images. Despite these concerns, automated image description has become an important tool to ensure equitable access to information for blind and low vision people. In this paper, we investigate the ethical dilemmas faced by companies that have adopted the use of computer vision for producing alt text: textual descriptions of images for blind and low vision people, We use Facebook's automatic alt text tool as our primary case study. First, we analyze the policies that Facebook has adopted with respect to identity categories, such as race, gender, age, etc., and the company's decisions about whether to present these terms in alt text. We then describe an alternative -- and manual -- approach practiced in the museum community, focusing on how museums determine what to include in alt text descriptions of cultural artifacts. We compare these policies, using notable points of contrast to develop an analytic framework that characterizes the particular apprehensions behind these policy choices. We conclude by considering two strategies that seem to sidestep some of these concerns, finding that there are no easy ways to avoid the normative dilemmas posed by the use of computer vision to automate alt text.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting invasive ductal carcinoma using a Reinforcement Sample Learning Strategy using Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12564">arxiv:2105.12564</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Rushabh Patel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Invasive ductal carcinoma is a prevalent, potentially deadly disease associated with a high rate of morbidity and mortality. Its malignancy is the second leading cause of death from cancer in women. The mammogram is an extremely useful resource for mass detection and invasive ductal carcinoma diagnosis. We are proposing a method for Invasive ductal carcinoma that will use convolutional neural networks (CNN) on mammograms to assist radiologists in diagnosing the disease. Due to the varying image clarity and structure of certain mammograms, it is difficult to observe major cancer characteristics such as microcalcification and mass, and it is often difficult to interpret and diagnose these attributes. The aim of this study is to establish a novel method for fully automated feature extraction and classification in invasive ductal carcinoma computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems. This article presents a tumor classification algorithm that makes novel use of convolutional neural networks on breast mammogram images to increase feature extraction and training speed. The algorithm makes two contributions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Social-IWSTCNN: A Social Interaction-Weighted Spatio-Temporal Convolutional Neural Network for Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction in Urban Traffic Scenarios</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12436">arxiv:2105.12436</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Chi Zhang, Christian Berger, Marco Dozza</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pedestrian trajectory prediction in urban scenarios is essential for automated driving. This task is challenging because the behavior of pedestrians is influenced by both their own history paths and the interactions with others. Previous research modeled these interactions with pooling mechanisms or aggregating with hand-crafted attention weights. In this paper, we present the Social Interaction-Weighted Spatio-Temporal Convolutional Neural Network (Social-IWSTCNN), which includes both the spatial and the temporal features. We propose a novel design, namely the Social Interaction Extractor, to learn the spatial and social interaction features of pedestrians. Most previous works used ETH and UCY datasets which include five scenes but do not cover urban traffic scenarios extensively for training and evaluation. In this paper, we use the recently released large-scale Waymo Open Dataset in urban traffic scenarios, which includes 374 urban training scenes and 76 urban testing scenes to analyze the performance of our proposed algorithm in comparison to the state-of-the-art (SOTA) models. The results show that our algorithm outperforms SOTA algorithms such as Social-LSTM, Social-GAN, and Social-STGCNN on both Average Displacement Error (ADE) and Final Displacement Error (FDE). Furthermore, our Social-IWSTCNN is 54.8 times faster in data pre-processing speed, and 4.7 times faster in total test speed than the current best SOTA algorithm Social-STGCNN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamic Probabilistic Pruning: A general framework for hardware-constrained pruning at different granularities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12686">arxiv:2105.12686</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Lizeth Gonzalez-Carabarin, Iris A. M. Huijben, Bastiaan S. Veeling, Alexandre Schmid, Ruud J. G. van Sloun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unstructured neural network pruning algorithms have achieved impressive compression rates. However, the resulting - typically irregular - sparse matrices hamper efficient hardware implementations, leading to additional memory usage and complex control logic that diminishes the benefits of unstructured pruning. This has spurred structured coarse-grained pruning solutions that prune entire filters or even layers, enabling efficient implementation at the expense of reduced flexibility. Here we propose a flexible new pruning mechanism that facilitates pruning at different granularities (weights, kernels, filters/feature maps), while retaining efficient memory organization (e.g. pruning exactly k-out-of-n weights for every output neuron, or pruning exactly k-out-of-n kernels for every feature map). We refer to this algorithm as Dynamic Probabilistic Pruning (DPP). DPP leverages the Gumbel-softmax relaxation for differentiable k-out-of-n sampling, facilitating end-to-end optimization. We show that DPP achieves competitive compression rates and classification accuracy when pruning common deep learning models trained on different benchmark datasets for image classification. Relevantly, the non-magnitude-based nature of DPP allows for joint optimization of pruning and weight quantization in order to even further compress the network, which we show as well. Finally, we propose novel information theoretic metrics that show the confidence and pruning diversity of pruning masks within a layer.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Local, global and scale-dependent node roles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12598">arxiv:2105.12598</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Michael Scholkemper, Michael T. Schaub</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper re-examines the concept of node equivalences like structural equivalence or automorphic equivalence, which have originally emerged in social network analysis to characterize the role an actor plays within a social system, but have since then been of independent interest for graph-based learning tasks. Traditionally, such exact node equivalences have been defined either in terms of the one hop neighborhood of a node, or in terms of the global graph structure. Here we formalize exact node roles with a scale-parameter, describing up to what distance the ego network of a node should be considered when assigning node roles - motivated by the idea that there can be local roles of a node that should not be determined by nodes arbitrarily far away in the network. We present numerical experiments that show how already "shallow" roles of depth 3 or 4 carry sufficient information to perform node classification tasks with high accuracy. These findings corroborate the success of recent graph-learning approaches that compute approximate node roles in terms of embeddings, by nonlinearly aggregating node features in an (un)supervised manner over relatively small neighborhood sizes. Indeed, based on our ideas we can construct a shallow classifier achieving on par results with recent graph neural network architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LMMS Reloaded: Transformer-based Sense Embeddings for Disambiguation and Beyond</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12449">arxiv:2105.12449</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Daniel Loureiro, Alípio Mário Jorge, Jose Camacho-Collados</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Distributional semantics based on neural approaches is a cornerstone of Natural Language Processing, with surprising connections to human meaning representation as well. Recent Transformer-based Language Models have proven capable of producing contextual word representations that reliably convey sense-specific information, simply as a product of self-supervision. Prior work has shown that these contextual representations can be used to accurately represent large sense inventories as sense embeddings, to the extent that a distance-based solution to Word Sense Disambiguation (WSD) tasks outperforms models trained specifically for the task. Still, there remains much to understand on how to use these Neural Language Models (NLMs) to produce sense embeddings that can better harness each NLM's meaning representation abilities. In this work we introduce a more principled approach to leverage information from all layers of NLMs, informed by a probing analysis on 14 NLM variants. We also emphasize the versatility of these sense embeddings in contrast to task-specific models, applying them on several sense-related tasks, besides WSD, while demonstrating improved performance using our proposed approach over prior work focused on sense embeddings. Finally, we discuss unexpected findings regarding layer and model performance variations, and potential applications for downstream tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards a Better Understanding of Linear Models for Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12937">arxiv:2105.12937</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Ruoming Jin, Dong Li, Jing Gao, Zhi Liu, Li Chen, Yang Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, linear regression models, such as EASE and SLIM, have shown to often produce rather competitive results against more sophisticated deep learning models. On the other side, the (weighted) matrix factorization approaches have been popular choices for recommendation in the past and widely adopted in the industry. In this work, we aim to theoretically understand the relationship between these two approaches, which are the cornerstones of model-based recommendations. Through the derivation and analysis of the closed-form solutions for two basic regression and matrix factorization approaches, we found these two approaches are indeed inherently related but also diverge in how they "scale-down" the singular values of the original user-item interaction matrix. This analysis also helps resolve the questions related to the regularization parameter range and model complexities. We further introduce a new learning algorithm in searching (hyper)parameters for the closed-form solution and utilize it to discover the nearby models of the existing solutions. The experimental results demonstrate that the basic models and their closed-form solutions are indeed quite competitive against the state-of-the-art models, thus, confirming the validity of studying the basic models. The effectiveness of exploring the nearby models are also experimentally validated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Navigation for Racing Drones based on Imitation Learning and Modularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12923">arxiv:2105.12923</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Tianqi Wang, Dong Eui Chang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents a vision-based modularized drone racing navigation system that uses a customized convolutional neural network (CNN) for the perception module to produce high-level navigation commands and then leverages a state-of-the-art planner and controller to generate low-level control commands, thus exploiting the advantages of both data-based and model-based approaches. Unlike the state-of-the-art method which only takes the current camera image as the CNN input, we further add the latest three drone states as part of the inputs. Our method outperforms the state-of-the-art method in various track layouts and offers two switchable navigation behaviors with a single trained network. The CNN-based perception module is trained to imitate an expert policy that automatically generates ground truth navigation commands based on the pre-computed global trajectories. Owing to the extensive randomization and our modified dataset aggregation (DAgger) policy during data collection, our navigation system, which is purely trained in simulation with synthetic textures, successfully operates in environments with randomly-chosen photorealistic textures without further fine-tuning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Transparent Application of Machine Learning in Video Processing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12700">arxiv:2105.12700</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Luka Murn, Marc Gorriz Blanch, Maria Santamaria, Fiona Rivera, Marta Mrak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning techniques for more efficient video compression and video enhancement have been developed thanks to breakthroughs in deep learning. The new techniques, considered as an advanced form of Artificial Intelligence (AI), bring previously unforeseen capabilities. However, they typically come in the form of resource-hungry black-boxes (overly complex with little transparency regarding the inner workings). Their application can therefore be unpredictable and generally unreliable for large-scale use (e.g. in live broadcast). The aim of this work is to understand and optimise learned models in video processing applications so systems that incorporate them can be used in a more trustworthy manner. In this context, the presented work introduces principles for simplification of learned models targeting improved transparency in implementing machine learning for video production and distribution applications. These principles are demonstrated on video compression examples, showing how bitrate savings and reduced complexity can be achieved by simplifying relevant deep learning models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automatic design of quantum feature maps</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12626">arxiv:2105.12626</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Sergio Altares-López, Angela Ribeiro, Juan José García-Ripoll</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new technique for the automatic generation of optimal ad-hoc ansätze for classification by using quantum support vector machine (QSVM). This efficient method is based on NSGA-II multiobjective genetic algorithms which allow both maximize the accuracy and minimize the ansatz size. It is demonstrated the validity of the technique by a practical example with a non-linear dataset, interpreting the resulting circuit and its outputs. We also show other application fields of the technique that reinforce the validity of the method, and a comparison with classical classifiers in order to understand the advantages of using quantum machine learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards an IMU-based Pen Online Handwriting Recognizer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12434">arxiv:2105.12434</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Mohamad Wehbi, Tim Hamann, Jens Barth, Peter Kaempf, Dario Zanca, Bjoern Eskofier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most online handwriting recognition systems require the use of specific writing surfaces to extract positional data. In this paper we present a online handwriting recognition system for word recognition which is based on inertial measurement units (IMUs) for digitizing text written on paper. This is obtained by means of a sensor-equipped pen that provides acceleration, angular velocity, and magnetic forces streamed via Bluetooth. Our model combines convolutional and bidirectional LSTM networks, and is trained with the Connectionist Temporal Classification loss that allows the interpretation of raw sensor data into words without the need of sequence segmentation. We use a dataset of words collected using multiple sensor-enhanced pens and evaluate our model on distinct test sets of seen and unseen words achieving a character error rate of 17.97% and 17.08%, respectively, without the use of a dictionary or language model

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Basic and Depression Specific Emotion Identification in Tweets: Multi-label Classification Experiments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12364">arxiv:2105.12364</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Nawshad Farruque, Chenyang Huang, Osmar Zaiane, Randy Goebel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present empirical analysis on basic and depression specific multi-emotion mining in Tweets with the help of state of the art multi-label classifiers. We choose our basic emotions from a hybrid emotion model consisting of the common emotions from four highly regarded psychological models of emotions. Moreover, we augment that emotion model with new emotion categories because of their importance in the analysis of depression. Most of those additional emotions have not been used in previous emotion mining research. Our experimental analyses show that a cost sensitive RankSVM algorithm and a Deep Learning model are both robust, measured by both Macro F-measures and Micro F-measures. This suggests that these algorithms are superior in addressing the widely known data imbalance problem in multi-label learning. Moreover, our application of Deep Learning performs the best, giving it an edge in modeling deep semantic features of our extended emotional categories.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deconditional Downscaling with Gaussian Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12909">arxiv:2105.12909</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Siu Lun Chau, Shahine Bouabid, Dino Sejdinovic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Refining low-resolution (LR) spatial fields with high-resolution (HR) information, often known as statistical downscaling, is challenging as the diversity of spatial datasets often prevents direct matching of observations. Yet, when LR samples are modeled as aggregate conditional means of HR samples with respect to a mediating variable that is globally observed, the recovery of the underlying fine-grained field can be framed as taking an "inverse" of the conditional expectation, namely a deconditioning problem. In this work, we propose a Bayesian formulation of deconditioning which naturally recovers the initial reproducing kernel Hilbert space formulation from Hsu and Ramos (2019). We extend deconditioning to a downscaling setup and devise efficient conditional mean embedding estimator for multiresolution data. By treating conditional expectations as inter-domain features of the underlying field, a posterior for the latent field can be established as a solution to the deconditioning problem. Furthermore, we show that this solution can be viewed as a two-staged vector-valued kernel ridge regressor and show that it has a minimax optimal convergence rate under mild assumptions. Lastly, we demonstrate its proficiency in a synthetic and a real-world atmospheric field downscaling problem, showing substantial improvements over existing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting Aqueous Solubility of Organic Molecules Using Deep Learning Models with Varied Molecular Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12638">arxiv:2105.12638</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Gihan Panapitiya, Michael Girard, Aaron Hollas, Vijay Murugesan, Wei Wang, Emily Saldanha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Determining the aqueous solubility of molecules is a vital step in many pharmaceutical, environmental, and energy storage applications. Despite efforts made over decades, there are still challenges associated with developing a solubility prediction model with satisfactory accuracy for many of these applications. The goal of this study is to develop a general model capable of predicting the solubility of a broad range of organic molecules. Using the largest currently available solubility dataset, we implement deep learning-based models to predict solubility from molecular structure and explore several different molecular representations including molecular descriptors, simplified molecular-input line-entry system (SMILES) strings, molecular graphs, and three-dimensional (3D) atomic coordinates using four different neural network architectures - fully connected neural networks (FCNNs), recurrent neural networks (RNNs), graph neural networks (GNNs), and SchNet. We find that models using molecular descriptors achieve the best performance, with GNN models also achieving good performance. We perform extensive error analysis to understand the molecular properties that influence model performance, perform feature analysis to understand which information about molecular structure is most valuable for prediction, and perform a transfer learning and data size study to understand the impact of data availability on model performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automatic Construction of Sememe Knowledge Bases via Dictionaries</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12585">arxiv:2105.12585</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Fanchao Qi, Yangyi Chen, Fengyu Wang, Zhiyuan Liu, Xiao Chen, Maosong Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A sememe is defined as the minimum semantic unit in linguistics. Sememe knowledge bases (SKBs), which comprise words annotated with sememes, enable sememes to be applied to natural language processing. So far a large body of research has showcased the unique advantages and effectiveness of SKBs in various tasks. However, most languages have no SKBs, and manual construction of SKBs is time-consuming and labor-intensive. To tackle this challenge, we propose a simple and fully automatic method of building an SKB via an existing dictionary. We use this method to build an English SKB and a French SKB, and conduct comprehensive evaluations from both intrinsic and extrinsic perspectives. Experimental results demonstrate that the automatically built English SKB is even superior to HowNet, the most widely used SKB that takes decades to build manually. And both the English and French SKBs can bring obvious performance enhancement in multiple downstream tasks. All the code and data of this paper (except the copyrighted dictionaries) can be obtained at https://github.com/thunlp/DictSKB.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pattern Detection in the Activation Space for Identifying Synthesized Content</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12479">arxiv:2105.12479</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Celia Cintas, Skyler Speakman, Girmaw Abebe Tadesse, Victor Akinwande, Edward McFowland III, Komminist Weldemariam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have recently achieved unprecedented success in photo-realistic image synthesis from low-dimensional random noise. The ability to synthesize high-quality content at a large scale brings potential risks as the generated samples may lead to misinformation that can create severe social, political, health, and business hazards. We propose SubsetGAN to identify generated content by detecting a subset of anomalous node-activations in the inner layers of pre-trained neural networks. These nodes, as a group, maximize a non-parametric measure of divergence away from the expected distribution of activations created from real data. This enable us to identify synthesised images without prior knowledge of their distribution. SubsetGAN efficiently scores subsets of nodes and returns the group of nodes within the pre-trained classifier that contributed to the maximum score. The classifier can be a general fake classifier trained over samples from multiple sources or the discriminator network from different GANs. Our approach shows consistently higher detection power than existing detection methods across several state-of-the-art GANs (PGGAN, StarGAN, and CycleGAN) and over different proportions of generated content.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Image-Based Plant Wilting Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12926">arxiv:2105.12926</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Changye Yang, Sriram Baireddy, Enyu Cai, Valerian Meline, Denise Caldwell, Anjali S. Iyer-Pascuzzi, Edward J. Delp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many plants become limp or droop through heat, loss of water, or disease. This is also known as wilting. In this paper, we examine plant wilting caused by bacterial infection. In particular, we want to design a metric for wilting based on images acquired of the plant. A quantifiable wilting metric will be useful in studying bacterial wilt and identifying resistance genes. Since there is no standard way to estimate wilting, it is common to use ad hoc visual scores. This is very subjective and requires expert knowledge of the plants and the disease mechanism. Our solution consists of using various wilting metrics acquired from RGB images of the plants. We also designed several experiments to demonstrate that our metrics are effective at estimating wilting in plants.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stochastic Intervention for Causal Effect Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12898">arxiv:2105.12898</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tri Dung Duong, Qian Li, Guandong Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Causal inference methods are widely applied in various decision-making domains such as precision medicine, optimal policy and economics. Central to these applications is the treatment effect estimation of intervention strategies. Current estimation methods are mostly restricted to the deterministic treatment, which however, is unable to address the stochastic space treatment policies. Moreover, previous methods can only make binary yes-or-no decisions based on the treatment effect, lacking the capability of providing fine-grained effect estimation degree to explain the process of decision making. In our study, we therefore advance the causal inference research to estimate stochastic intervention effect by devising a new stochastic propensity score and stochastic intervention effect estimator (SIE). Meanwhile, we design a customized genetic algorithm specific to stochastic intervention effect (Ge-SIO) with the aim of providing causal evidence for decision making. We provide the theoretical analysis and conduct an empirical study to justify that our proposed measures and algorithms can achieve a significant performance lift in comparison with state-of-the-art baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ViPTT-Net: Video pretraining of spatio-temporal model for tuberculosis type classification from chest CT scans</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12810">arxiv:2105.12810</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hasib Zunair, Aimon Rahman, Nabeel Mohammed</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pretraining has sparked groundswell of interest in deep learning workflows to learn from limited data and improve generalization. While this is common for 2D image classification tasks, its application to 3D medical imaging tasks like chest CT interpretation is limited. We explore the idea of whether pretraining a model on realistic videos could improve performance rather than training the model from scratch, intended for tuberculosis type classification from chest CT scans. To incorporate both spatial and temporal features, we develop a hybrid convolutional neural network (CNN) and recurrent neural network (RNN) model, where the features are extracted from each axial slice of the CT scan by a CNN, these sequence of image features are input to a RNN for classification of the CT scan. Our model termed as ViPTT-Net, was trained on over 1300 video clips with labels of human activities, and then fine-tuned on chest CT scans with labels of tuberculosis type. We find that pretraining the model on videos lead to better representations and significantly improved model validation performance from a kappa score of 0.17 to 0.35, especially for under-represented class samples. Our best method achieved 2nd place in the ImageCLEF 2021 Tuberculosis - TBT classification task with a kappa score of 0.20 on the final test set with only image information (without using clinical meta-data). All codes and models are made available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>XOmiVAE: an interpretable deep learning model for cancer classification using high-dimensional omics data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12807">arxiv:2105.12807</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Eloise Withnell, Xiaoyu Zhang, Kai Sun, Yike Guo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The lack of explainability is one of the most prominent disadvantages of deep learning applications in omics. This "black box" problem can undermine the credibility and limit the practical implementation of biomedical deep learning models. Here we present XOmiVAE, a variational autoencoder (VAE) based interpretable deep learning model for cancer classification using high-dimensional omics data. XOmiVAE is capable of revealing the contribution of each gene and latent dimension for each classification prediction, and the correlation between each gene and each latent dimension. It is also demonstrated that XOmiVAE can explain not only the supervised classification but the unsupervised clustering results from the deep learning network. To the best of our knowledge, XOmiVAE is one of the first activation level-based interpretable deep learning models explaining novel clusters generated by VAE. The explainable results generated by XOmiVAE were validated by both the performance of downstream tasks and the biomedical knowledge. In our experiments, XOmiVAE explanations of deep learning based cancer classification and clustering aligned with current domain knowledge including biological annotation and academic literature, which shows great potential for novel biomedical knowledge discovery from deep learning models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Video Summarization via Multi-source Features</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12532">arxiv:2105.12532</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hussain Kanafani, Junaid Ahmed Ghauri, Sherzod Hakimov, Ralph Ewerth</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video summarization aims at generating a compact yet representative visual summary that conveys the essence of the original video. The advantage of unsupervised approaches is that they do not require human annotations to learn the summarization capability and generalize to a wider range of domains. Previous work relies on the same type of deep features, typically based on a model pre-trained on ImageNet data. Therefore, we propose the incorporation of multiple feature sources with chunk and stride fusion to provide more information about the visual content. For a comprehensive evaluation on the two benchmarks TVSum and SumMe, we compare our method with four state-of-the-art approaches. Two of these approaches were implemented by ourselves to reproduce the reported results. Our evaluation shows that we obtain state-of-the-art results on both datasets, while also highlighting the shortcomings of previous work with regard to the evaluation methodology. Finally, we perform error analysis on videos for the two benchmark datasets to summarize and spot the factors that lead to misclassifications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The "given data" paradigm undermines both cultures</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12478">arxiv:2105.12478</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tyler McCormick</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Breiman organizes "Statistical modeling: The two cultures" around a simple visual. Data, to the far right, are compelled into a "black box" with an arrow and then catapulted left by a second arrow, having been transformed into an output. Breiman then posits two interpretations of this visual as encapsulating a distinction between two cultures in statistics. The divide, he argues is about what happens in the "black box." In this comment, I argue for a broader perspective on statistics and, in doing so, elevate questions from "before" and "after" the box as fruitful areas for statistical innovation and practice.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Receptive Field Regularization Techniques for Audio Classification and Tagging with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12395">arxiv:2105.12395</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Khaled Koutini, Hamid Eghbal-zadeh, Gerhard Widmer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we study the performance of variants of well-known Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures on different audio tasks. We show that tuning the Receptive Field (RF) of CNNs is crucial to their generalization. An insufficient RF limits the CNN's ability to fit the training data. In contrast, CNNs with an excessive RF tend to over-fit the training data and fail to generalize to unseen testing data. As state-of-the-art CNN architectures-in computer vision and other domains-tend to go deeper in terms of number of layers, their RF size increases and therefore they degrade in performance in several audio classification and tagging tasks. We study well-known CNN architectures and how their building blocks affect their receptive field. We propose several systematic approaches to control the RF of CNNs and systematically test the resulting architectures on different audio classification and tagging tasks and datasets. The experiments show that regularizing the RF of CNNs using our proposed approaches can drastically improve the generalization of models, out-performing complex architectures and pre-trained models on larger datasets. The proposed CNNs achieve state-of-the-art results in multiple tasks, from acoustic scene classification to emotion and theme detection in music to instrument recognition, as demonstrated by top ranks in several pertinent challenges (DCASE, MediaEval).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Using the Overlapping Score to Improve Corruption Benchmarks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12357">arxiv:2105.12357</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Alfred Laugros, Alice Caplier, Matthieu Ospici</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural Networks are sensitive to various corruptions that usually occur in real-world applications such as blurs, noises, low-lighting conditions, etc. To estimate the robustness of neural networks to these common corruptions, we generally use a group of modeled corruptions gathered into a benchmark. Unfortunately, no objective criterion exists to determine whether a benchmark is representative of a large diversity of independent corruptions. In this paper, we propose a metric called corruption overlapping score, which can be used to reveal flaws in corruption benchmarks. Two corruptions overlap when the robustnesses of neural networks to these corruptions are correlated. We argue that taking into account overlappings between corruptions can help to improve existing benchmarks or build better ones.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A data-driven approach to beating SAA out-of-sample</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12342">arxiv:2105.12342</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jun-ya Gotoh, Michael Jong Kim, Andrew E. B. Lim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While solutions of Distributionally Robust Optimization (DRO) problems can sometimes have a higher out-of-sample expected reward than the Sample Average Approximation (SAA), there is no guarantee. In this paper, we introduce the class of Distributionally Optimistic Optimization (DOO) models, and show that it is always possible to "beat" SAA out-of-sample if we consider not just worst-case (DRO) models but also best-case (DOO) ones. We also show, however, that this comes at a cost: Optimistic solutions are more sensitive to model error than either worst-case or SAA optimizers, and hence are less robust.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MTH-IDS: A Multi-Tiered Hybrid Intrusion Detection System for Internet of Vehicles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13289">arxiv:2105.13289</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Li Yang, Abdallah Moubayed, Abdallah Shami</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern vehicles, including connected vehicles and autonomous vehicles, nowadays involve many electronic control units connected through intra-vehicle networks to implement various functionalities and perform actions. Modern vehicles are also connected to external networks through vehicle-to-everything technologies, enabling their communications with other vehicles, infrastructures, and smart devices. However, the improving functionality and connectivity of modern vehicles also increase their vulnerabilities to cyber-attacks targeting both intra-vehicle and external networks due to the large attack surfaces. To secure vehicular networks, many researchers have focused on developing intrusion detection systems (IDSs) that capitalize on machine learning methods to detect malicious cyber-attacks. In this paper, the vulnerabilities of intra-vehicle and external networks are discussed, and a multi-tiered hybrid IDS that incorporates a signature-based IDS and an anomaly-based IDS is proposed to detect both known and unknown attacks on vehicular networks. Experimental results illustrate that the proposed system can detect various types of known attacks with 99.99% accuracy on the CAN-intrusion-dataset representing the intra-vehicle network data and 99.88% accuracy on the CICIDS2017 dataset illustrating the external vehicular network data. For the zero-day attack detection, the proposed system achieves high F1-scores of 0.963 and 0.800 on the above two datasets, respectively. The average processing time of each data packet on a vehicle-level machine is less than 0.6 ms, which shows the feasibility of implementing the proposed system in real-time vehicle systems. This emphasizes the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed IDS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Estimating Fund-Raising Performance for Start-up Projects from a Market Graph Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12918">arxiv:2105.12918</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Likang Wu, Zhi Li, Hongke Zhao, Qi Liu, Enhong Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the online innovation market, the fund-raising performance of the start-up project is a concerning issue for creators, investors and platforms. Unfortunately, existing studies always focus on modeling the fund-raising process after the publishment of a project but the predicting of a project attraction in the market before setting up is largely unexploited. Usually, this prediction is always with great challenges to making a comprehensive understanding of both the start-up project and market environment. To that end, in this paper, we present a focused study on this important problem from a market graph perspective. Specifically, we propose a Graph-based Market Environment (GME) model for predicting the fund-raising performance of the unpublished project by exploiting the market environment. In addition, we discriminatively model the project competitiveness and market preferences by designing two graph-based neural network architectures and incorporating them into a joint optimization stage. Furthermore, to explore the information propagation problem with dynamic environment in a large-scale market graph, we extend the GME model with parallelizing competitiveness quantification and hierarchical propagation algorithm. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on real-world data. The experimental results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust learning from corrupted EEG with dynamic spatial filtering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12916">arxiv:2105.12916</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hubert Banville, Sean U. N. Wood, Chris Aimone, Denis-Alexander Engemann, Alexandre Gramfort</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Building machine learning models using EEG recorded outside of the laboratory setting requires methods robust to noisy data and randomly missing channels. This need is particularly great when working with sparse EEG montages (1-6 channels), often encountered in consumer-grade or mobile EEG devices. Neither classical machine learning models nor deep neural networks trained end-to-end on EEG are typically designed or tested for robustness to corruption, and especially to randomly missing channels. While some studies have proposed strategies for using data with missing channels, these approaches are not practical when sparse montages are used and computing power is limited (e.g., wearables, cell phones). To tackle this problem, we propose dynamic spatial filtering (DSF), a multi-head attention module that can be plugged in before the first layer of a neural network to handle missing EEG channels by learning to focus on good channels and to ignore bad ones. We tested DSF on public EEG data encompassing ~4,000 recordings with simulated channel corruption and on a private dataset of ~100 at-home recordings of mobile EEG with natural corruption. Our proposed approach achieves the same performance as baseline models when no noise is applied, but outperforms baselines by as much as 29.4% accuracy when significant channel corruption is present. Moreover, DSF outputs are interpretable, making it possible to monitor channel importance in real-time. This approach has the potential to enable the analysis of EEG in challenging settings where channel corruption hampers the reading of brain signals.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MAGI-X: Manifold-Constrained Gaussian Process Inference for Unknown System Dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12894">arxiv:2105.12894</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Chaofan Huang, Simin Ma, Shihao Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Ordinary differential equations (ODEs), commonly used to characterize the dynamic systems, are difficult to propose in closed-form for many complicated scientific applications, even with the help of domain expert. We propose a fast and accurate data-driven method, MAGI-X, to learn the unknown dynamic from the observation data in a non-parametric fashion, without the need of any domain knowledge. Unlike the existing methods that mainly rely on the costly numerical integration, MAGI-X utilizes the powerful functional approximator of neural network to learn the unknown nonlinear dynamic within the MAnifold-constrained Gaussian process Inference (MAGI) framework that completely circumvents the numerical integration. Comparing against the state-of-the-art methods on three realistic examples, MAGI-X achieves competitive accuracy in both fitting and forecasting while only taking a fraction of computational time. Moreover, MAGI-X provides practical solution for the inference of partial observed systems, which no previous method is able to handle.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Calibrating Over-Parametrized Simulation Models: A Framework via Eligibility Set</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12893">arxiv:2105.12893</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yuanlu Bai, Tucker Balch, Haoxian Chen, Danial Dervovic, Henry Lam, Svitlana Vyetrenko</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Stochastic simulation aims to compute output performance for complex models that lack analytical tractability. To ensure accurate prediction, the model needs to be calibrated and validated against real data. Conventional methods approach these tasks by assessing the model-data match via simple hypothesis tests or distance minimization in an ad hoc fashion, but they can encounter challenges arising from non-identifiability and high dimensionality. In this paper, we investigate a framework to develop calibration schemes that satisfy rigorous frequentist statistical guarantees, via a basic notion that we call eligibility set designed to bypass non-identifiability via a set-based estimation. We investigate a feature extraction-then-aggregation approach to construct these sets that target at multivariate outputs. We demonstrate our methodology on several numerical examples, including an application to calibration of a limit order book market simulator (ABIDES).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ATRIA: A Bit-Parallel Stochastic Arithmetic Based Accelerator for In-DRAM CNN Processing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12781">arxiv:2105.12781</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Supreeth Mysore Shivanandamurthy, Ishan. G. Thakkar, Sayed Ahmad Salehi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the rapidly growing use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) in real-world applications related to machine learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI), several hardware accelerator designs for CNN inference and training have been proposed recently. In this paper, we present ATRIA, a novel bit-pArallel sTochastic aRithmetic based In-DRAM Accelerator for energy-efficient and high-speed inference of CNNs. ATRIA employs light-weight modifications in DRAM cell arrays to implement bit-parallel stochastic arithmetic based acceleration of multiply-accumulate (MAC) operations inside DRAM. ATRIA significantly improves the latency, throughput, and efficiency of processing CNN inferences by performing 16 MAC operations in only five consecutive memory operation cycles. We mapped the inference tasks of four benchmark CNNs on ATRIA to compare its performance with five state-of-the-art in-DRAM CNN accelerators from prior work. The results of our analysis show that ATRIA exhibits only 3.5% drop in CNN inference accuracy and still achieves improvements of up to 3.2x in frames-per-second (FPS) and up to 10x in efficiency (FPS/W/mm2), compared to the best-performing in-DRAM accelerator from prior work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepGaze IIE: Calibrated prediction in and out-of-domain for state-of-the-art saliency modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12441">arxiv:2105.12441</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Akis Linardos, Matthias Kümmerer, Ori Press, Matthias Bethge</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Since 2014 transfer learning has become the key driver for the improvement of spatial saliency prediction; however, with stagnant progress in the last 3-5 years. We conduct a large-scale transfer learning study which tests different ImageNet backbones, always using the same read out architecture and learning protocol adopted from DeepGaze II. By replacing the VGG19 backbone of DeepGaze II with ResNet50 features we improve the performance on saliency prediction from 78% to 85%. However, as we continue to test better ImageNet models as backbones (such as EfficientNetB5) we observe no additional improvement on saliency prediction. By analyzing the backbones further, we find that generalization to other datasets differs substantially, with models being consistently overconfident in their fixation predictions. We show that by combining multiple backbones in a principled manner a good confidence calibration on unseen datasets can be achieved. This new model, "DeepGaze IIE", yields a significant leap in benchmark performance in and out-of-domain with a 15 percent point improvement over DeepGaze II to 93% on MIT1003, marking a new state of the art on the MIT/Tuebingen Saliency Benchmark in all available metrics (AUC: 88.3%, sAUC: 79.4%, CC: 82.4%).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Permutation invariance and uncertainty in multitemporal image super-resolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12409">arxiv:2105.12409</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Diego Valsesia, Enrico Magli</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances have shown how deep neural networks can be extremely effective at super-resolving remote sensing imagery, starting from a multitemporal collection of low-resolution images. However, existing models have neglected the issue of temporal permutation, whereby the temporal ordering of the input images does not carry any relevant information for the super-resolution task and causes such models to be inefficient with the, often scarce, ground truth data that available for training. Thus, models ought not to learn feature extractors that rely on temporal ordering. In this paper, we show how building a model that is fully invariant to temporal permutation significantly improves performance and data efficiency. Moreover, we study how to quantify the uncertainty of the super-resolved image so that the final user is informed on the local quality of the product. We show how uncertainty correlates with temporal variation in the series, and how quantifying it further improves model performance. Experiments on the Proba-V challenge dataset show significant improvements over the state of the art without the need for self-ensembling, as well as improved data efficiency, reaching the performance of the challenge winner with just 25% of the training data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CBANet: Towards Complexity and Bitrate Adaptive Deep Image Compression using a Single Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12386">arxiv:2105.12386</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jinyang Guo, Dong Xu, Guo Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a new deep image compression framework called Complexity and Bitrate Adaptive Network (CBANet), which aims to learn one single network to support variable bitrate coding under different computational complexity constraints. In contrast to the existing state-of-the-art learning based image compression frameworks that only consider the rate-distortion trade-off without introducing any constraint related to the computational complexity, our CBANet considers the trade-off between the rate and distortion under dynamic computational complexity constraints. Specifically, to decode the images with one single decoder under various computational complexity constraints, we propose a new multi-branch complexity adaptive module, in which each branch only takes a small portion of the computational budget of the decoder. The reconstructed images with different visual qualities can be readily generated by using different numbers of branches. Furthermore, to achieve variable bitrate decoding with one single decoder, we propose a bitrate adaptive module to project the representation from a base bitrate to the expected representation at a target bitrate for transmission. Then it will project the transmitted representation at the target bitrate back to that at the base bitrate for the decoding process. The proposed bit adaptive module can significantly reduce the storage requirement for deployment platforms. As a result, our CBANet enables one single codec to support multiple bitrate decoding under various computational complexity constraints. Comprehensive experiments on two benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our CBANet for deep image compression.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Detect Fortified Areas</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12385">arxiv:2105.12385</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Allan Grønlund, Jonas Tranberg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** High resolution data models like grid terrain models made from LiDAR data are a prerequisite for modern day Geographic Information Systems applications. Besides providing the foundation for the very accurate digital terrain models, LiDAR data is also extensively used to classify which parts of the considered surface comprise relevant elements like water, buildings and vegetation. In this paper we consider the problem of classifying which areas of a given surface are fortified by for instance, roads, sidewalks, parking spaces, paved driveways and terraces. We consider using LiDAR data and orthophotos, combined and alone, to show how well the modern machine learning algorithms Gradient Boosted Trees and Convolutional Neural Networks are able to detect fortified areas on large real world data. The LiDAR data features, in particular the intensity feature that measures the signal strength of the return, that we consider in this project are heavily dependent on the actual LiDAR sensor that made the measurement. This is highly problematic, in particular for the generalisation capability of pattern matching algorithms, as this means that data features for test data may be very different from the data the model is trained on. We propose an algorithmic solution to this problem by designing a neural net embedding architecture that transforms data from all the different sensor systems into a new common representation that works as well as if the training data and test data originated from the same sensor. The final algorithm result has an accuracy above 96 percent, and an AUC score above 0.99.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Submodular Kernels for Efficient Rankings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12356">arxiv:2105.12356</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Michelangelo Conserva, Marc Peter Deisenroth, K S Sesh Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many algorithms for ranked data become computationally intractable as the number of objects grows due to complex geometric structure induced by rankings. An additional challenge is posed by partial rankings, i.e. rankings in which the preference is only known for a subset of all objects. For these reasons, state-of-the-art methods cannot scale to real-world applications, such as recommender systems. We address this challenge by exploiting geometric structure of ranked data and additional available information about the objects to derive a submodular kernel for ranking. The submodular kernel combines the efficiency of submodular optimization with the theoretical properties of kernel-based methods. We demonstrate that the submodular kernel drastically reduces the computational cost compared to state-of-the-art kernels and scales well to large datasets while attaining good empirical performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Probabilistic Selective Encryption of Convolutional Neural Networks for Hierarchical Services</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12344">arxiv:2105.12344</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jinyu Tian, Jiantao Zhou, Jia Duan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Model protection is vital when deploying Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for commercial services, due to the massive costs of training them. In this work, we propose a selective encryption (SE) algorithm to protect CNN models from unauthorized access, with a unique feature of providing hierarchical services to users. Our algorithm firstly selects important model parameters via the proposed Probabilistic Selection Strategy (PSS). It then encrypts the most important parameters with the designed encryption method called Distribution Preserving Random Mask (DPRM), so as to maximize the performance degradation by encrypting only a very small portion of model parameters. We also design a set of access permissions, using which different amounts of the most important model parameters can be decrypted. Hence, different levels of model performance can be naturally provided for users. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed scheme could effectively protect the classification model VGG19 by merely encrypting 8% parameters of convolutional layers. We also implement the proposed model protection scheme in the denoising model DnCNN, showcasing the hierarchical denoising services

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neighborhood Rough Set based Multi-document Summarization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.07338">arxiv:2106.07338</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nidhika Yadav</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This research paper proposes a novel Neighbourhood Rough Set based approach for supervised Multi-document Text Summarization (MDTS) with analysis and impact on the summarization results for MDTS. Here, Rough Set based LERS algorithm is improved using Neighborhood Rough Set which is itself a novel combination called Neighborhood-LERS to be experimented for evaluations of efficacy and efficiency. In this paper, we shall apply and evaluate the proposed Neighborhood-LERS for Multi-document Summarization which here is proved experimentally to be superior to the base LERS technique for MDTS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Motif Prediction with Graph Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.00761">arxiv:2106.00761</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Maciej Besta, Raphael Grob, Cesare Miglioli, Nicola Bernold, Grzegorz Kwasniewski, Gabriel Gjini, Raghavendra Kanakagiri, Saleh Ashkboos, Lukas Gianinazzi, Nikoli Dryden, Torsten Hoefler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Link prediction is one of the central problems in graph mining. However, recent studies highlight the importance of higher-order network analysis, where complex structures called motifs are the first-class citizens. We first show that existing link prediction schemes fail to effectively predict motifs. To alleviate this, we establish a general motif prediction problem and we propose several heuristics that assess the chances for a specified motif to appear. To make the scores realistic, our heuristics consider - among others - correlations between links, i.e., the potential impact of some arriving links on the appearance of other links in a given motif. Finally, for highest accuracy, we develop a graph neural network (GNN) architecture for motif prediction. Our architecture offers vertex features and sampling schemes that capture the rich structural properties of motifs. While our heuristics are fast and do not need any training, GNNs ensure highest accuracy of predicting motifs, both for dense (e.g., k-cliques) and for sparse ones (e.g., k-stars). We consistently outperform the best available competitor by more than 10% on average and up to 32% in area under the curve. Importantly, the advantages of our approach over schemes based on uncorrelated link prediction increase with the increasing motif size and complexity. We also successfully apply our architecture for predicting more arbitrary clusters and communities, illustrating its potential for graph mining beyond motif analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Explainable Probabilistic Classifier for Categorical Data Inspired to Quantum Physics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13988">arxiv:2105.13988</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Emanuele Guidotti, Alfio Ferrara</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents Sparse Tensor Classifier (STC), a supervised classification algorithm for categorical data inspired by the notion of superposition of states in quantum physics. By regarding an observation as a superposition of features, we introduce the concept of wave-particle duality in machine learning and propose a generalized framework that unifies the classical and the quantum probability. We show that STC possesses a wide range of desirable properties not available in most other machine learning methods but it is at the same time exceptionally easy to comprehend and use. Empirical evaluation of STC on structured data and text classification demonstrates that our methodology achieves state-of-the-art performances compared to both standard classifiers and deep learning, at the additional benefit of requiring minimal data pre-processing and hyper-parameter tuning. Moreover, STC provides a native explanation of its predictions both for single instances and for each target label globally.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sparse recovery based on the generalized error function</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13189">arxiv:2105.13189</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhiyong Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a novel sparse recovery method based on the generalized error function. The penalty function introduced involves both the shape and the scale parameters, making it very flexible. The theoretical analysis results in terms of the null space property, the spherical section property and the restricted invertibility factor are established for both constrained and unconstrained models. The practical algorithms via both the iteratively reweighted $\ell_1$ and the difference of convex functions algorithms are presented. Numerical experiments are conducted to illustrate the improvement provided by the proposed approach in various scenarios. Its practical application in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) reconstruction is studied as well.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-turn Dialog System on Single-turn Data in Medical Domain</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12887">arxiv:2105.12887</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nazib Sorathiya, Chuan-An Lin, Daniel Chen Daniel Xiong, Scott Zin, Yi Zhang, He Sarina Yang, Sharon Xiaolei Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently there has been a huge interest in dialog systems. This interest has also been developed in the field of the medical domain where researchers are focusing on building a dialog system in the medical domain. This research is focused on the multi-turn dialog system trained on the multi-turn dialog data. It is difficult to gather a huge amount of multi-turn conversational data in the medical domain that is verified by professionals and can be trusted. However, there are several frequently asked questions (FAQs) or single-turn QA pairs that have information that is verified by the experts and can be used to build a multi-turn dialog system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Augmented KRnet for density estimation and approximation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12866">arxiv:2105.12866</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiaoliang Wan, Kejun Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we have proposed augmented KRnets including both discrete and continuous models. One difficulty in flow-based generative modeling is to maintain the invertibility of the transport map, which is often a trade-off between effectiveness and robustness. The exact invertibility has been achieved in the real NVP using a specific pattern to exchange information between two separated groups of dimensions. KRnet has been developed to enhance the information exchange among data dimensions by incorporating the Knothe-Rosenblatt rearrangement into the structure of the transport map. Due to the maintenance of exact invertibility, a full nonlinear update of all data dimensions needs three iterations in KRnet. To alleviate this issue, we will add augmented dimensions that act as a channel for communications among the data dimensions. In the augmented KRnet, a fully nonlinear update is achieved in two iterations. We also show that the augmented KRnet can be reformulated as the discretization of a neural ODE, where the exact invertibility is kept such that the adjoint method can be formulated with respect to the discretized ODE to obtain the exact gradient. Numerical experiments have been implemented to demonstrate the effectiveness of our models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Networked Federated Multi-Task Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12769">arxiv:2105.12769</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yasmin SarcheshmehPour, Yu Tian, Linli Zhang, Alexander Jung</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many important application domains generate distributed collections of heterogeneous local datasets. These local datasets are often related via an intrinsic network structure that arises from domain-specific notions of similarity between local datasets. Different notions of similarity are induced by spatiotemporal proximity, statistical dependencies, or functional relations. We use this network structure to adaptively pool similar local datasets into nearly homogenous training sets for learning tailored models. Our main conceptual contribution is to formulate networked federated learning using the concept of generalized total variation (GTV) minimization as a regularizer. This formulation is highly flexible and can be combined with almost any parametric model including Lasso or deep neural networks. We unify and considerably extend some well-known approaches to federated multi-task learning. Our main algorithmic contribution is a novel federated learning algorithm that is well suited for distributed computing environments such as edge computing over wireless networks. This algorithm is robust against model misspecification and numerical errors arising from limited computational resources including processing time or wireless channel bandwidth. As our main technical contribution, we offer precise conditions on the local models as well on their network structure such that our algorithm learns nearly optimal local models. Our analysis reveals an interesting interplay between the (information-) geometry of local models and the (cluster-) geometry of their network.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Advantages of Multiple Stereo Vision Camera Designs for Autonomous Drone Navigation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12691">arxiv:2105.12691</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rui Pimentel de Figueiredo, Jakob Grimm Hansen, Jonas Le Fevre, Martim Brandão, Erdal Kayacan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we showcase the design and assessment of the performance of a multi-camera UAV, when coupled with state-of-the-art planning and mapping algorithms for autonomous navigation. The system leverages state-of-the-art receding horizon exploration techniques for Next-Best-View (NBV) planning with 3D and semantic information, provided by a reconfigurable multi stereo camera system. We employ our approaches in an autonomous drone-based inspection task and evaluate them in an autonomous exploration and mapping scenario. We discuss the advantages and limitations of using multi stereo camera flying systems, and the trade-off between number of cameras and mapping performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Weighing Features of Lung and Heart Regions for Thoracic Disease Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12430">arxiv:2105.12430</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiansheng Fang, Yanwu Xu, Yitian Zhao, Yuguang Yan, Junling Liu, Jiang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Chest X-rays are the most commonly available and affordable radiological examination for screening thoracic diseases. According to the domain knowledge of screening chest X-rays, the pathological information usually lay on the lung and heart regions. However, it is costly to acquire region-level annotation in practice, and model training mainly relies on image-level class labels in a weakly supervised manner, which is highly challenging for computer-aided chest X-ray screening. To address this issue, some methods have been proposed recently to identify local regions containing pathological information, which is vital for thoracic disease classification. Inspired by this, we propose a novel deep learning framework to explore discriminative information from lung and heart regions. We design a feature extractor equipped with a multi-scale attention module to learn global attention maps from global images. To exploit disease-specific cues effectively, we locate lung and heart regions containing pathological information by a well-trained pixel-wise segmentation model to generate binarization masks. By introducing element-wise logical AND operator on the learned global attention maps and the binarization masks, we obtain local attention maps in which pixels are $1$ for lung and heart region and $0$ for other regions. By zeroing features of non-lung and heart regions in attention maps, we can effectively exploit their disease-specific cues in lung and heart regions. Compared to existing methods fusing global and local features, we adopt feature weighting to avoid weakening visual cues unique to lung and heart regions. Evaluated by the benchmark split on the publicly available chest X-ray14 dataset, the comprehensive experiments show that our method achieves superior performance compared to the state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quotient Space-Based Keyword Retrieval in Sponsored Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12371">arxiv:2105.12371</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yijiang Lian, Shuang Li, Chaobing Feng, YanFeng Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Synonymous keyword retrieval has become an important problem for sponsored search ever since major search engines relax the exact match product's matching requirement to a synonymous level. Since the synonymous relations between queries and keywords are quite scarce, the traditional information retrieval framework is inefficient in this scenario. In this paper, we propose a novel quotient space-based retrieval framework to address this problem. Considering the synonymy among keywords as a mathematical equivalence relation, we can compress the synonymous keywords into one representative, and the corresponding quotient space would greatly reduce the size of the keyword repository. Then an embedding-based retrieval is directly conducted between queries and the keyword representatives. To mitigate the semantic gap of the quotient space-based retrieval, a single semantic siamese model is utilized to detect both the keyword--keyword and query-keyword synonymous relations. The experiments show that with our quotient space-based retrieval method, the synonymous keyword retrieving performance can be greatly improved in terms of memory cost and recall efficiency. This method has been successfully implemented in Baidu's online sponsored search system and has yielded a significant improvement in revenue.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Certainty Equivalent Quadratic Control for Markov Jump Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12358">arxiv:2105.12358</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhe Du, Yahya Sattar, Davoud Ataee Tarzanagh, Laura Balzano, Samet Oymak, Necmiye Ozay</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Real-world control applications often involve complex dynamics subject to abrupt changes or variations. Markov jump linear systems (MJS) provide a rich framework for modeling such dynamics. Despite an extensive history, theoretical understanding of parameter sensitivities of MJS control is somewhat lacking. Motivated by this, we investigate robustness aspects of certainty equivalent model-based optimal control for MJS with quadratic cost function. Given the uncertainty in the system matrices and in the Markov transition matrix is bounded by $ε$ and $η$ respectively, robustness results are established for (i) the solution to coupled Riccati equations and (ii) the optimal cost, by providing explicit perturbation bounds which decay as $\mathcal{O}(ε+ η)$ and $\mathcal{O}((ε+ η)^2)$ respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BioNavi-NP: Biosynthesis Navigator for Natural Products</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13121">arxiv:2105.13121</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shuangjia Zheng, Tao Zeng, Chengtao Li, Binghong Chen, Connor W. Coley, Yuedong Yang, Ruibo Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nature, a synthetic master, creates more than 300,000 natural products (NPs) which are the major constituents of FDA-proved drugs owing to the vast chemical space of NPs. To date, there are fewer than 30,000 validated NPs compounds involved in about 33,000 known enzyme catalytic reactions, and even fewer biosynthetic pathways are known with complete cascade-connected enzyme catalysis. Therefore, it is valuable to make computer-aided bio-retrosynthesis predictions. Here, we develop BioNavi-NP, a navigable and user-friendly toolkit, which is capable of predicting the biosynthetic pathways for NPs and NP-like compounds through a novel (AND-OR Tree)-based planning algorithm, an enhanced molecular Transformer neural network, and a training set that combines general organic transformations and biosynthetic steps. Extensive evaluations reveal that BioNavi-NP generalizes well to identifying the reported biosynthetic pathways for 90% of test compounds and recovering the verified building blocks for 73%, significantly outperforming conventional rule-based approaches. Moreover, BioNavi-NP also shows an outstanding capacity of biologically plausible pathways enumeration. In this sense, BioNavi-NP is a leading-edge toolkit to redesign complex biosynthetic pathways of natural products with applications to total or semi-synthesis and pathway elucidation or reconstruction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BSNN: Towards Faster and Better Conversion of Artificial Neural Networks to Spiking Neural Networks with Bistable Neurons</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12917">arxiv:2105.12917</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yang Li, Yi Zeng, Dongcheng Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The spiking neural network (SNN) computes and communicates information through discrete binary events. It is considered more biologically plausible and more energy-efficient than artificial neural networks (ANN) in emerging neuromorphic hardware. However, due to the discontinuous and non-differentiable characteristics, training SNN is a relatively challenging task. Recent work has achieved essential progress on an excellent performance by converting ANN to SNN. Due to the difference in information processing, the converted deep SNN usually suffers serious performance loss and large time delay. In this paper, we analyze the reasons for the performance loss and propose a novel bistable spiking neural network (BSNN) that addresses the problem of spikes of inactivated neurons (SIN) caused by the phase lead and phase lag. Also, when ResNet structure-based ANNs are converted, the information of output neurons is incomplete due to the rapid transmission of the shortcut path. We design synchronous neurons (SN) to help efficiently improve performance. Experimental results show that the proposed method only needs 1/4-1/10 of the time steps compared to previous work to achieve nearly lossless conversion. We demonstrate state-of-the-art ANN-SNN conversion for VGG16, ResNet20, and ResNet34 on challenging datasets including CIFAR-10 (95.16% top-1), CIFAR-100 (78.12% top-1), and ImageNet (72.64% top-1).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Hybrid Recommender System for Recommending Smartphones to Prospective Customers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12876">arxiv:2105.12876</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pratik K. Biswas, Songlin Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recommender Systems are a subclass of machine learning systems that employ sophisticated information filtering strategies to reduce the search time and suggest the most relevant items to any particular user. Hybrid recommender systems combine multiple recommendation strategies in different ways to benefit from their complementary advantages. Some hybrid recommender systems have combined collaborative filtering and content-based approaches to build systems that are more robust. In this paper, we propose a hybrid recommender system, which combines Alternative Least Squares (ALS) based collaborative filtering with deep learning to enhance recommendation performance as well as overcome the limitations associated with the collaborative filtering approach, especially concerning its cold start problem. In essence, we use the outputs from ALS (collaborative filtering) to influence the recommendations from a Deep Neural Network (DNN), which combines characteristic, contextual, structural and sequential information, in a big data processing framework. We have conducted several experiments in testing the efficacy of the proposed hybrid architecture in recommending smartphones to prospective customers and compared its performance with other open-source recommenders. The results have shown that the proposed system has outperformed several existing hybrid recommender systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HDXplore: Automated Blackbox Testing of Brain-Inspired Hyperdimensional Computing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12770">arxiv:2105.12770</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Rahul Thapa, Dongning Ma, Xun Jiao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Inspired by the way human brain works, the emerging hyperdimensional computing (HDC) is getting more and more attention. HDC is an emerging computing scheme based on the working mechanism of brain that computes with deep and abstract patterns of neural activity instead of actual numbers. Compared with traditional ML algorithms such as DNN, HDC is more memory-centric, granting it advantages such as relatively smaller model size, less computation cost, and one-shot learning, making it a promising candidate in low-cost computing platforms. However, the robustness of HDC models have not been systematically studied. In this paper, we systematically expose the unexpected or incorrect behaviors of HDC models by developing HDXplore, a blackbox differential testing-based framework. We leverage multiple HDC models with similar functionality as cross-referencing oracles to avoid manual checking or labeling the original input. We also propose different perturbation mechanisms in HDXplore. HDXplore automatically finds thousands of incorrect corner case behaviors of the HDC model. We propose two retraining mechanisms and using the corner cases generated by HDXplore to retrain the HDC model, we can improve the model accuracy by up to 9%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning Techniques for Compressive Sensing-Based Reconstruction and Inference -- A Ubiquitous Systems Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13191">arxiv:2105.13191</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Alina L. Machidon, Veljko Pejovic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Compressive sensing (CS) is a mathematically elegant tool for reducing the sampling rate, potentially bringing context-awareness to a wider range of devices. Nevertheless, practical issues with the sampling and reconstruction algorithms prevent further proliferation of CS in real world domains, especially among heterogeneous ubiquitous devices. Deep learning (DL) naturally complements CS for adapting the sampling matrix, reconstructing the signal, and learning form the compressed samples. While the CS-DL integration has received substantial research interest recently, it has not yet been thoroughly surveyed, nor has the light been shed on practical issues towards bringing the CS-DL to real world implementations in the ubicomp domain. In this paper we identify main possible ways in which CS and DL can interplay, extract key ideas for making CS-DL efficient, identify major trends in CS-DL research space, and derive guidelines for future evolution of CS-DL within the ubicomp domain.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial robustness against multiple $l_p$-threat models at the price of one and how to quickly fine-tune robust models to another threat model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.12508">arxiv:2105.12508</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Francesco Croce, Matthias Hein</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adversarial training (AT) in order to achieve adversarial robustness wrt single $l_p$-threat models has been discussed extensively. However, for safety-critical systems adversarial robustness should be achieved wrt all $l_p$-threat models simultaneously. In this paper we develop a simple and efficient training scheme to achieve adversarial robustness against the union of $l_p$-threat models. Our novel $l_1+l_\infty$-AT scheme is based on geometric considerations of the different $l_p$-balls and costs as much as normal adversarial training against a single $l_p$-threat model. Moreover, we show that using our $l_1+l_\infty$-AT scheme one can fine-tune with just 3 epochs any $l_p$-robust model (for $p \in \{1,2,\infty\}$) and achieve multiple norm adversarial robustness. In this way we boost the previous state-of-the-art reported for multiple-norm robustness by more than $6\%$ on CIFAR-10 and report up to our knowledge the first ImageNet models with multiple norm robustness. Moreover, we study the general transfer of adversarial robustness between different threat models and in this way boost the previous SOTA $l_1$-robustness on CIFAR-10 by almost $10\%$.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/05/25/2021.05.25.html' | relative_url }})
