Prev: [2021.01.04]({{ '/2021/01/04/2021.01.04.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2021.01.06]({{ '/2021/01/06/2021.01.06.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2021-01-05, created on 2021-12-24


<details><summary><b>A Priori Generalization Analysis of the Deep Ritz Method for Solving High Dimensional Elliptic Equations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01708">arxiv:2101.01708</a>
&#x1F4C8; 45 <br>
<p>Jianfeng Lu, Yulong Lu, Min Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper concerns the a priori generalization analysis of the Deep Ritz Method (DRM) [W. E and B. Yu, 2017], a popular neural-network-based method for solving high dimensional partial differential equations. We derive the generalization error bounds of two-layer neural networks in the framework of the DRM for solving two prototype elliptic PDEs: Poisson equation and static Schrödinger equation on the $d$-dimensional unit hypercube. Specifically, we prove that the convergence rates of generalization errors are independent of the dimension $d$, under the a priori assumption that the exact solutions of the PDEs lie in a suitable low-complexity space called spectral Barron space. Moreover, we give sufficient conditions on the forcing term and the potential function which guarantee that the solutions are spectral Barron functions. We achieve this by developing a new solution theory for the PDEs on the spectral Barron space, which can be viewed as an analog of the classical Sobolev regularity theory for PDEs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AutoDropout: Learning Dropout Patterns to Regularize Deep Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01761">arxiv:2101.01761</a>
&#x1F4C8; 44 <br>
<p>Hieu Pham, Quoc V. Le</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural networks are often over-parameterized and hence benefit from aggressive regularization. Conventional regularization methods, such as Dropout or weight decay, do not leverage the structures of the network's inputs and hidden states. As a result, these conventional methods are less effective than methods that leverage the structures, such as SpatialDropout and DropBlock, which randomly drop the values at certain contiguous areas in the hidden states and setting them to zero. Although the locations of dropout areas random, the patterns of SpatialDropout and DropBlock are manually designed and fixed. Here we propose to learn the dropout patterns. In our method, a controller learns to generate a dropout pattern at every channel and layer of a target network, such as a ConvNet or a Transformer. The target network is then trained with the dropout pattern, and its resulting validation performance is used as a signal for the controller to learn from. We show that this method works well for both image recognition on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet, as well as language modeling on Penn Treebank and WikiText-2. The learned dropout patterns also transfers to different tasks and datasets, such as from language model on Penn Treebank to Engligh-French translation on WMT 2014. Our code will be available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Biosensors and Machine Learning for Enhanced Detection, Stratification, and Classification of Cells: A Review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01866">arxiv:2101.01866</a>
&#x1F4C8; 43 <br>
<p>Hassan Raji, Muhammad Tayyab, Jianye Sui, Seyed Reza Mahmoodi, Mehdi Javanmard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Biological cells, by definition, are the basic units which contain the fundamental molecules of life of which all living things are composed. Understanding how they function and differentiating cells from one another therefore is of paramount importance for disease diagnostics as well as therapeutics. Sensors focusing on the detection and stratification of cells have gained popularity as technological advancements have allowed for the miniaturization of various components inching us closer to Point-of-Care (POC) solutions with each passing day. Furthermore, Machine Learning has allowed for enhancement in analytical capabilities of these various biosensing modalities, especially the challenging task of classification of cells into various categories using a data-driven approach rather than physics-driven. In this review, we provide an account of how Machine Learning has been applied explicitly to sensors that detect and classify cells. We also provide a comparison of how different sensing modalities and algorithms affect the classifier accuracy and the dataset size required.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>WildDeepfake: A Challenging Real-World Dataset for Deepfake Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01456">arxiv:2101.01456</a>
&#x1F4C8; 40 <br>
<p>Bojia Zi, Minghao Chang, Jingjing Chen, Xingjun Ma, Yu-Gang Jiang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, the abuse of a face swap technique called deepfake Deepfake has raised enormous public concerns. So far, a large number of deepfake videos (known as "deepfakes") have been crafted and uploaded to the internet, calling for effective countermeasures. One promising countermeasure against deepfakes is deepfake detection. Several deepfake datasets have been released to support the training and testing of deepfake detectors, such as DeepfakeDetection and FaceForensics++. While this has greatly advanced deepfake detection, most of the real videos in these datasets are filmed with a few volunteer actors in limited scenes, and the fake videos are crafted by researchers using a few popular deepfake softwares. Detectors developed on these datasets may become less effective against real-world deepfakes on the internet. To better support detection against real-world deepfakes, in this paper, we introduce a new dataset WildDeepfake, which consists of 7,314 face sequences extracted from 707 deepfake videos collected completely from the internet. WildDeepfake is a small dataset that can be used, in addition to existing datasets, to develop and test the effectiveness of deepfake detectors against real-world deepfakes. We conduct a systematic evaluation of a set of baseline detection networks on both existing and our WildDeepfake datasets, and show that WildDeepfake is indeed a more challenging dataset, where the detection performance can decrease drastically. We also propose two (eg. 2D and 3D) Attention-based Deepfake Detection Networks (ADDNets) to leverage the attention masks on real/fake faces for improved detection. We empirically verify the effectiveness of ADDNets on both existing datasets and WildDeepfake. The dataset is available at:https://github.com/deepfakeinthewild/deepfake-in-the-wild.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Control of Attentional Processes in Vision</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01533">arxiv:2101.01533</a>
&#x1F4C8; 22 <br>
<p>John K. Tsotsos, Omar Abid, Iuliia Kotseruba, Markus D. Solbach</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The study of attentional processing in vision has a long and deep history. Recently, several papers have presented insightful perspectives into how the coordination of multiple attentional functions in the brain might occur. These begin with experimental observations and the authors propose structures, processes, and computations that might explain those observations. Here, we consider a perspective that past works have not, as a complementary approach to the experimentally-grounded ones. We approach the same problem as past authors but from the other end of the computational spectrum, from the problem nature, as Marr's Computational Level would prescribe. What problem must the brain solve when orchestrating attentional processes in order to successfully complete one of the myriad possible visuospatial tasks at which we as humans excel? The hope, of course, is for the approaches to eventually meet and thus form a complete theory, but this is likely not soon. We make the first steps towards this by addressing the necessity of attentional control, examining the breadth and computational difficulty of the visuospatial and attentional tasks seen in human behavior, and suggesting a sketch of how attentional control might arise in the brain. The key conclusions of this paper are that an executive controller is necessary for human attentional function in vision, and that there is a 'first principles' computational approach to its understanding that is complementary to the previous approaches that focus on modelling or learning from experimental observations directly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Political Depolarization of News Articles Using Attribute-aware Word Embeddings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01391">arxiv:2101.01391</a>
&#x1F4C8; 17 <br>
<p>Ruibo Liu, Lili Wang, Chenyan Jia, Soroush Vosoughi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Political polarization in the US is on the rise. This polarization negatively affects the public sphere by contributing to the creation of ideological echo chambers. In this paper, we focus on addressing one of the factors that contributes to this polarity, polarized media. We introduce a framework for depolarizing news articles. Given an article on a certain topic with a particular ideological slant (eg., liberal or conservative), the framework first detects polar language in the article and then generates a new article with the polar language replaced with neutral expressions. To detect polar words, we train a multi-attribute-aware word embedding model that is aware of ideology and topics on 360k full-length media articles. Then, for text generation, we propose a new algorithm called Text Annealing Depolarization Algorithm (TADA). TADA retrieves neutral expressions from the word embedding model that not only decrease ideological polarity but also preserve the original argument of the text, while maintaining grammatical correctness. We evaluate our framework by comparing the depolarized output of our model in two modes, fully-automatic and semi-automatic, on 99 stories spanning 11 topics. Based on feedback from 161 human testers, our framework successfully depolarized 90.1% of paragraphs in semi-automatic mode and 78.3% of paragraphs in fully-automatic mode. Furthermore, 81.2% of the testers agree that the non-polar content information is well-preserved and 79% agree that depolarization does not harm semantic correctness when they compare the original text and the depolarized text. Our work shows that data-driven methods can help to locate political polarity and aid in the depolarization of articles.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Theory-based Habit Modeling for Enhancing Behavior Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01637">arxiv:2101.01637</a>
&#x1F4C8; 16 <br>
<p>Chao Zhang, Joaquin Vanschoren, Arlette van Wissen, Daniel Lakens, Boris de Ruyter, Wijnand A. IJsselsteijn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Psychological theories of habit posit that when a strong habit is formed through behavioral repetition, it can trigger behavior automatically in the same environment. Given the reciprocal relationship between habit and behavior, changing lifestyle behaviors (e.g., toothbrushing) is largely a task of breaking old habits and creating new and healthy ones. Thus, representing users' habit strengths can be very useful for behavior change support systems (BCSS), for example, to predict behavior or to decide when an intervention reaches its intended effect. However, habit strength is not directly observable and existing self-report measures are taxing for users. In this paper, built on recent computational models of habit formation, we propose a method to enable intelligent systems to compute habit strength based on observable behavior. The hypothesized advantage of using computed habit strength for behavior prediction was tested using data from two intervention studies, where we trained participants to brush their teeth twice a day for three weeks and monitored their behaviors using accelerometers. Through hierarchical cross-validation, we found that for the task of predicting future brushing behavior, computed habit strength clearly outperformed self-reported habit strength (in both studies) and was also superior to models based on past behavior frequency (in the larger second study). Our findings provide initial support for our theory-based approach of modeling user habits and encourages the use of habit computation to deliver personalized and adaptive interventions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Support Vector Machine and YOLO for a Mobile Food Grading System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01418">arxiv:2101.01418</a>
&#x1F4C8; 14 <br>
<p>Lili Zhu, Petros Spachos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Food quality and safety are of great concern to society since it is an essential guarantee not only for human health but also for social development, and stability. Ensuring food quality and safety is a complex process. All food processing stages should be considered, from cultivating, harvesting and storage to preparation and consumption. Grading is one of the essential processes to control food quality. This paper proposed a mobile visual-based system to evaluate food grading. Specifically, the proposed system acquires images of bananas when they are on moving conveyors. A two-layer image processing system based on machine learning is used to grade bananas, and these two layers are allocated on edge devices and cloud servers, respectively. Support Vector Machine (SVM) is the first layer to classify bananas based on an extracted feature vector composed of color and texture features. Then, the a You Only Look Once (YOLO) v3 model further locating the peel's defected area and determining if the inputs belong to the mid-ripened or well-ripened class. According to experimental results, the first layer's performance achieved an accuracy of 98.5% while the accuracy of the second layer is 85.7%, and the overall accuracy is 96.4%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding the Ability of Deep Neural Networks to Count Connected Components in Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01386">arxiv:2101.01386</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Shuyue Guan, Murray Loew</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Humans can count very fast by subitizing, but slow substantially as the number of objects increases. Previous studies have shown a trained deep neural network (DNN) detector can count the number of objects in an amount of time that increases slowly with the number of objects. Such a phenomenon suggests the subitizing ability of DNNs, and unlike humans, it works equally well for large numbers. Many existing studies have successfully applied DNNs to object counting, but few studies have studied the subitizing ability of DNNs and its interpretation. In this paper, we found DNNs do not have the ability to generally count connected components. We provided experiments to support our conclusions and explanations to understand the results and phenomena of these experiments. We proposed three ML-learnable characteristics to verify learnable problems for ML models, such as DNNs, and explain why DNNs work for specific counting problems but cannot generally count connected components.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>To do or not to do: cost-sensitive causal decision-making</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01407">arxiv:2101.01407</a>
&#x1F4C8; 12 <br>
<p>Diego Olaya, Wouter Verbeke, Jente Van Belle, Marie-Anne Guerry</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Causal classification models are adopted across a variety of operational business processes to predict the effect of a treatment on a categorical business outcome of interest depending on the process instance characteristics. This allows optimizing operational decision-making and selecting the optimal treatment to apply in each specific instance, with the aim of maximizing the positive outcome rate. While various powerful approaches have been presented in the literature for learning causal classification models, no formal framework has been elaborated for optimal decision-making based on the estimated individual treatment effects, given the cost of the various treatments and the benefit of the potential outcomes.
  In this article, we therefore extend upon the expected value framework and formally introduce a cost-sensitive decision boundary for double binary causal classification, which is a linear function of the estimated individual treatment effect, the positive outcome probability and the cost and benefit parameters of the problem setting. The boundary allows causally classifying instances in the positive and negative treatment class to maximize the expected causal profit, which is introduced as the objective at hand in cost-sensitive causal classification. We introduce the expected causal profit ranker which ranks instances for maximizing the expected causal profit at each possible threshold for causally classifying instances and differs from the conventional ranking approach based on the individual treatment effect. The proposed ranking approach is experimentally evaluated on synthetic and marketing campaign data sets. The results indicate that the presented ranking method effectively outperforms the cost-insensitive ranking approach and allows boosting profitability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analyzing movies to predict their commercial viability for producers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01697">arxiv:2101.01697</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Devendra Swami, Yash Phogat, Aadiraj Batlaw, Ashwin Goyal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Upon film premiere, a major form of speculation concerns the relative success of the film. This relativity is in particular regards to the film's original budget, as many a time have big-budget blockbusters been met with exceptional success as met with abject failure. So how does one predict the success of an upcoming film? In this paper, we explored a vast array of film data in an attempt to develop a model that could predict the expected return of an upcoming film. The approach to this development is as follows: First, we began with the MovieLens dataset having common movie attributes along with genome tags per each film. Genome tags give insight into what particular characteristics of the film are most salient. We then included additional features regarding film content, cast/crew, audience perception, budget, and earnings from TMDB, IMDB, and Metacritic websites. Next, we performed exploratory data analysis and engineered a wide range of new features capturing historical information for the available features. Thereafter, we used singular value decomposition (SVD) for dimensionality reduction of the high dimensional features (ex. genome tags). Finally, we built a Random Forest Classifier and performed hyper-parameter tuning to optimize for model accuracy. A future application of our model could be seen in the film industry, allowing production companies to better predict the expected return of their projects based on their envisioned outline for their production procedure, thereby allowing them to revise their plan in an attempt to achieve optimal returns.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Characterizing Intersectional Group Fairness with Worst-Case Comparisons</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01673">arxiv:2101.01673</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Avijit Ghosh, Lea Genuit, Mary Reagan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence algorithms have gained considerable scrutiny in recent times owing to their propensity towards imitating and amplifying existing prejudices in society. This has led to a niche but growing body of work that identifies and attempts to fix these biases. A first step towards making these algorithms more fair is designing metrics that measure unfairness. Most existing work in this field deals with either a binary view of fairness (protected vs. unprotected groups) or politically defined categories (race or gender). Such categorization misses the important nuance of intersectionality - biases can often be amplified in subgroups that combine membership from different categories, especially if such a subgroup is particularly underrepresented in historical platforms of opportunity.
  In this paper, we discuss why fairness metrics need to be looked at under the lens of intersectionality, identify existing work in intersectional fairness, suggest a simple worst case comparison method to expand the definitions of existing group fairness metrics to incorporate intersectionality, and finally conclude with the social, legal and political framework to handle intersectional fairness in the modern context.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning for Fast and Reliable Initial Access in AI-Driven 6G mmWave Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01847">arxiv:2101.01847</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Tarun S. Cousik, Vijay K. Shah, Tugba Erpek, Yalin E. Sagduyu, Jeffrey H. Reed</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present DeepIA, a deep neural network (DNN) framework for enabling fast and reliable initial access for AI-driven beyond 5G and 6G millimeter (mmWave) networks. DeepIA reduces the beam sweep time compared to a conventional exhaustive search-based IA process by utilizing only a subset of the available beams. DeepIA maps received signal strengths (RSSs) obtained from a subset of beams to the beam that is best oriented to the receiver. In both line of sight (LoS) and non-line of sight (NLoS) conditions, DeepIA reduces the IA time and outperforms the conventional IA's beam prediction accuracy. We show that the beam prediction accuracy of DeepIA saturates with the number of beams used for IA and depends on the particular selection of the beams. In LoS conditions, the selection of the beams is consequential and improves the accuracy by up to 70%. In NLoS situations, it improves accuracy by up to 35%. We find that, averaging multiple RSS snapshots further reduces the number of beams needed and achieves more than 95% accuracy in both LoS and NLoS conditions. Finally, we evaluate the beam prediction time of DeepIA through embedded hardware implementation and show the improvement over the conventional beam sweeping.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mesh Reconstruction from Aerial Images for Outdoor Terrain Mapping Using Joint 2D-3D Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01844">arxiv:2101.01844</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Qiaojun Feng, Nikolay Atanasov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper addresses outdoor terrain mapping using overhead images obtained from an unmanned aerial vehicle. Dense depth estimation from aerial images during flight is challenging. While feature-based localization and mapping techniques can deliver real-time odometry and sparse points reconstruction, a dense environment model is generally recovered offline with significant computation and storage. This paper develops a joint 2D-3D learning approach to reconstruct local meshes at each camera keyframe, which can be assembled into a global environment model. Each local mesh is initialized from sparse depth measurements. We associate image features with the mesh vertices through camera projection and apply graph convolution to refine the mesh vertices based on joint 2-D reprojected depth and 3-D mesh supervision. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations using real aerial images show the potential of our method to support environmental monitoring and surveillance applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Reachability Analysis of Closed-Loop Systems with Neural Network Controllers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01815">arxiv:2101.01815</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Michael Everett, Golnaz Habibi, Jonathan P. How</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural Networks (NNs) can provide major empirical performance improvements for robotic systems, but they also introduce challenges in formally analyzing those systems' safety properties. In particular, this work focuses on estimating the forward reachable set of closed-loop systems with NN controllers. Recent work provides bounds on these reachable sets, yet the computationally efficient approaches provide overly conservative bounds (thus cannot be used to verify useful properties), whereas tighter methods are too intensive for online computation. This work bridges the gap by formulating a convex optimization problem for reachability analysis for closed-loop systems with NN controllers. While the solutions are less tight than prior semidefinite program-based methods, they are substantially faster to compute, and some of the available computation time can be used to refine the bounds through input set partitioning, which more than overcomes the tightness gap. The proposed framework further considers systems with measurement and process noise, thus being applicable to realistic systems with uncertainty. Finally, numerical comparisons show $10\times$ reduction in conservatism in $\frac{1}{2}$ of the computation time compared to the state-of-the-art, and the ability to handle various sources of uncertainty is highlighted on a quadrotor model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fixed-MAML for Few Shot Classification in Multilingual Speech Emotion Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01356">arxiv:2101.01356</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Anugunj Naman, Liliana Mancini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we analyze the feasibility of applying few-shot learning to speech emotion recognition task (SER). The current speech emotion recognition models work exceptionally well but fail when then input is multilingual. Moreover, when training such models, the models' performance is suitable only when the training corpus is vast. This availability of a big training corpus is a significant problem when choosing a language that is not much popular or obscure. We attempt to solve this challenge of multilingualism and lack of available data by turning this problem into a few-shot learning problem. We suggest relaxing the assumption that all N classes in an N-way K-shot problem be new and define an N+F way problem where N and F are the number of emotion classes and predefined fixed classes, respectively. We propose this modification to the Model-Agnostic MetaLearning (MAML) algorithm to solve the problem and call this new model F-MAML. This modification performs better than the original MAML and outperforms on EmoFilm dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An A* Curriculum Approach to Reinforcement Learning for RGBD Indoor Robot Navigation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01774">arxiv:2101.01774</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Kaushik Balakrishnan, Punarjay Chakravarty, Shubham Shrivastava</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Training robots to navigate diverse environments is a challenging problem as it involves the confluence of several different perception tasks such as mapping and localization, followed by optimal path-planning and control. Recently released photo-realistic simulators such as Habitat allow for the training of networks that output control actions directly from perception: agents use Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) to regress directly from the camera image to a control output in an end-to-end fashion. This is data-inefficient and can take several days to train on a GPU. Our paper tries to overcome this problem by separating the training of the perception and control neural nets and increasing the path complexity gradually using a curriculum approach. Specifically, a pre-trained twin Variational AutoEncoder (VAE) is used to compress RGBD (RGB & depth) sensing from an environment into a latent embedding, which is then used to train a DRL-based control policy. A*, a traditional path-planner is used as a guide for the policy and the distance between start and target locations is incrementally increased along the A* route, as training progresses. We demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed approach, both in terms of increased performance and decreased training times for the PointNav task in the Habitat simulation environment. This strategy of improving the training of direct-perception based DRL navigation policies is expected to hasten the deployment of robots of particular interest to industry such as co-bots on the factory floor and last-mile delivery robots.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Recurrent Neural Networks for Stochastic Control Problems with Delay</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01385">arxiv:2101.01385</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Jiequn Han, Ruimeng Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Stochastic control problems with delay are challenging due to the path-dependent feature of the system and thus its intrinsic high dimensions. In this paper, we propose and systematically study deep neural networks-based algorithms to solve stochastic control problems with delay features. Specifically, we employ neural networks for sequence modeling (\emph{e.g.}, recurrent neural networks such as long short-term memory) to parameterize the policy and optimize the objective function. The proposed algorithms are tested on three benchmark examples: a linear-quadratic problem, optimal consumption with fixed finite delay, and portfolio optimization with complete memory. Particularly, we notice that the architecture of recurrent neural networks naturally captures the path-dependent feature with much flexibility and yields better performance with more efficient and stable training of the network compared to feedforward networks. The superiority is even evident in the case of portfolio optimization with complete memory, which features infinite delay.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Development of a Respiratory Sound Labeling Software for Training a Deep Learning-Based Respiratory Sound Analysis Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01352">arxiv:2101.01352</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Fu-Shun Hsu, Chao-Jung Huang, Chen-Yi Kuo, Shang-Ran Huang, Yuan-Ren Cheng, Jia-Horng Wang, Yi-Lin Wu, Tzu-Ling Tzeng, Feipei Lai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Respiratory auscultation can help healthcare professionals detect abnormal respiratory conditions if adventitious lung sounds are heard. The state-of-the-art artificial intelligence technologies based on deep learning show great potential in the development of automated respiratory sound analysis. To train a deep learning-based model, a huge number of accurate labels of normal breath sounds and adventitious sounds are needed. In this paper, we demonstrate the work of developing a respiratory sound labeling software to help annotators identify and label the inhalation, exhalation, and adventitious respiratory sound more accurately and quickly. Our labeling software integrates six features from MATLAB Audio Labeler, and one commercial audio editor, RX7. As of October, 2019, we have labeled 9,765 15-second-long audio files of breathing lung sounds, and accrued 34,095 inhalation labels,18,349 exhalation labels, 13,883 continuous adventitious sounds (CASs) labels and 15,606 discontinuous adventitious sounds (DASs) labels, which are significantly larger than previously published studies. The trained convolutional recurrent neural networks based on these labels showed good performance with F1-scores of 86.0% on inhalation event detection, 51.6% on CASs event detection and 71.4% on DASs event detection. In conclusion, our results show that our proposed respiratory sound labeling software could easily pre-define a label, perform one-click labeling, and overall facilitate the process of accurately labeling. This software helps develop deep learning-based models that require a huge amount of labeled acoustic data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COVID-19: Comparative Analysis of Methods for Identifying Articles Related to Therapeutics and Vaccines without Using Labeled Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.02017">arxiv:2101.02017</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Mihir Parmar, Ashwin Karthik Ambalavanan, Hong Guan, Rishab Banerjee, Jitesh Pabla, Murthy Devarakonda</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Here we proposed an approach to analyze text classification methods based on the presence or absence of task-specific terms (and their synonyms) in the text. We applied this approach to study six different transfer-learning and unsupervised methods for screening articles relevant to COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics. The analysis revealed that while a BERT model trained on search-engine results generally performed well, it miss-classified relevant abstracts that did not contain task-specific terms. We used this insight to create a more effective unsupervised ensemble.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TGCN: Time Domain Graph Convolutional Network for Multiple Objects Tracking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01861">arxiv:2101.01861</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Jie Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multiple object tracking is to give each object an id in the video. The difficulty is how to match the predicted objects and detected objects in same frames. Matching features include appearance features, location features, etc. These features of the predicted object are basically based on some previous frames. However, few papers describe the relationship in the time domain between the previous frame features and the current frame features.In this paper, we proposed a time domain graph convolutional network for multiple objects tracking.The model is mainly divided into two parts, we first use convolutional neural network (CNN) to extract pedestrian appearance feature, which is a normal operation processing image in deep learning, then we use GCN to model some past frames' appearance feature to get the prediction appearance feature of the current frame. Due to this extension, we can get the pose features of the current frame according to the relationship between some frames in the past. Experimental evaluation shows that our extensions improve the MOTA by 1.3 on the MOT16, achieving overall competitive performance at high frame rates.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Symmetric Loss Perspective of Reliable Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01366">arxiv:2101.01366</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Nontawat Charoenphakdee, Jongyeong Lee, Masashi Sugiyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When minimizing the empirical risk in binary classification, it is a common practice to replace the zero-one loss with a surrogate loss to make the learning objective feasible to optimize. Examples of well-known surrogate losses for binary classification include the logistic loss, hinge loss, and sigmoid loss. It is known that the choice of a surrogate loss can highly influence the performance of the trained classifier and therefore it should be carefully chosen. Recently, surrogate losses that satisfy a certain symmetric condition (aka., symmetric losses) have demonstrated their usefulness in learning from corrupted labels. In this article, we provide an overview of symmetric losses and their applications. First, we review how a symmetric loss can yield robust classification from corrupted labels in balanced error rate (BER) minimization and area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) maximization. Then, we demonstrate how the robust AUC maximization method can benefit natural language processing in the problem where we want to learn only from relevant keywords and unlabeled documents. Finally, we conclude this article by discussing future directions, including potential applications of symmetric losses for reliable machine learning and the design of non-symmetric losses that can benefit from the symmetric condition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Local Translation Services for Neglected Languages</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01628">arxiv:2101.01628</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>David Noever, Josh Kalin, Matt Ciolino, Dom Hambrick, Gerry Dozier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Taking advantage of computationally lightweight, but high-quality translators prompt consideration of new applications that address neglected languages. Locally run translators for less popular languages may assist data projects with protected or personal data that may require specific compliance checks before posting to a public translation API, but which could render reasonable, cost-effective solutions if done with an army of local, small-scale pair translators. Like handling a specialist's dialect, this research illustrates translating two historically interesting, but obfuscated languages: 1) hacker-speak ("l33t") and 2) reverse (or "mirror") writing as practiced by Leonardo da Vinci. The work generalizes a deep learning architecture to translatable variants of hacker-speak with lite, medium, and hard vocabularies. The original contribution highlights a fluent translator of hacker-speak in under 50 megabytes and demonstrates a generator for augmenting future datasets with greater than a million bilingual sentence pairs. The long short-term memory, recurrent neural network (LSTM-RNN) extends previous work demonstrating an English-to-foreign translation service built from as little as 10,000 bilingual sentence pairs. This work further solves the equivalent translation problem in twenty-six additional (non-obfuscated) languages and rank orders those models and their proficiency quantitatively with Italian as the most successful and Mandarin Chinese as the most challenging. For neglected languages, the method prototypes novel services for smaller niche translations such as Kabyle (Algerian dialect) which covers between 5-7 million speakers but one which for most enterprise translators, has not yet reached development. One anticipates the extension of this approach to other important dialects, such as translating technical (medical or legal) jargon and processing health records.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Constrained Block Nonlinear Neural Dynamical Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01864">arxiv:2101.01864</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Elliott Skomski, Soumya Vasisht, Colby Wight, Aaron Tuor, Jan Drgona, Draguna Vrabie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural network modules conditioned by known priors can be effectively trained and combined to represent systems with nonlinear dynamics. This work explores a novel formulation for data-efficient learning of deep control-oriented nonlinear dynamical models by embedding local model structure and constraints. The proposed method consists of neural network blocks that represent input, state, and output dynamics with constraints placed on the network weights and system variables. For handling partially observable dynamical systems, we utilize a state observer neural network to estimate the states of the system's latent dynamics. We evaluate the performance of the proposed architecture and training methods on system identification tasks for three nonlinear systems: a continuous stirred tank reactor, a two tank interacting system, and an aerodynamics body. Models optimized with a few thousand system state observations accurately represent system dynamics in open loop simulation over thousands of time steps from a single set of initial conditions. Experimental results demonstrate an order of magnitude reduction in open-loop simulation mean squared error for our constrained, block-structured neural models when compared to traditional unstructured and unconstrained neural network models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Environment Transfer for Distributed Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01863">arxiv:2101.01863</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Chunheng Jiang, Jae-wook Ahn, Nirmit Desai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Collecting sufficient amount of data that can represent various acoustic environmental attributes is a critical problem for distributed acoustic machine learning. Several audio data augmentation techniques have been introduced to address this problem but they tend to remain in simple manipulation of existing data and are insufficient to cover the variability of the environments. We propose a method to extend a technique that has been used for transferring acoustic style textures between audio data. The method transfers audio signatures between environments for distributed acoustic data augmentation. This paper devises metrics to evaluate the generated acoustic data, based on classification accuracy and content preservation. A series of experiments were conducted using UrbanSound8K dataset and the results show that the proposed method generates better audio data with transferred environmental features while preserving content features.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Minibatch optimal transport distances; analysis and applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01792">arxiv:2101.01792</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Kilian Fatras, Younes Zine, Szymon Majewski, Rémi Flamary, Rémi Gribonval, Nicolas Courty</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Optimal transport distances have become a classic tool to compare probability distributions and have found many applications in machine learning. Yet, despite recent algorithmic developments, their complexity prevents their direct use on large scale datasets. To overcome this challenge, a common workaround is to compute these distances on minibatches i.e. to average the outcome of several smaller optimal transport problems. We propose in this paper an extended analysis of this practice, which effects were previously studied in restricted cases. We first consider a large variety of Optimal Transport kernels. We notably argue that the minibatch strategy comes with appealing properties such as unbiased estimators, gradients and a concentration bound around the expectation, but also with limits: the minibatch OT is not a distance. To recover some of the lost distance axioms, we introduce a debiased minibatch OT function and study its statistical and optimisation properties. Along with this theoretical analysis, we also conduct empirical experiments on gradient flows, generative adversarial networks (GANs) or color transfer that highlight the practical interest of this strategy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Class-Specific Affinity-Guided Convolutional Network for Multimodal Unpaired Image Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01513">arxiv:2101.01513</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jingkun Chen, Wenqi Li, Hongwei Li, Jianguo Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-modal medical image segmentation plays an essential role in clinical diagnosis. It remains challenging as the input modalities are often not well-aligned spatially. Existing learning-based methods mainly consider sharing trainable layers across modalities and minimizing visual feature discrepancies. While the problem is often formulated as joint supervised feature learning, multiple-scale features and class-specific representation have not yet been explored. In this paper, we propose an affinity-guided fully convolutional network for multimodal image segmentation. To learn effective representations, we design class-specific affinity matrices to encode the knowledge of hierarchical feature reasoning, together with the shared convolutional layers to ensure the cross-modality generalization. Our affinity matrix does not depend on spatial alignments of the visual features and thus allows us to train with unpaired, multimodal inputs. We extensively evaluated our method on two public multimodal benchmark datasets and outperform state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Survey on Advancing the DBMS Query Optimizer: Cardinality Estimation, Cost Model, and Plan Enumeration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01507">arxiv:2101.01507</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hai Lan, Zhifeng Bao, Yuwei Peng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Query optimizer is at the heart of the database systems. Cost-based optimizer studied in this paper is adopted in almost all current database systems. A cost-based optimizer introduces a plan enumeration algorithm to find a (sub)plan, and then uses a cost model to obtain the cost of that plan, and selects the plan with the lowest cost. In the cost model, cardinality, the number of tuples through an operator, plays a crucial role. Due to the inaccuracy in cardinality estimation, errors in cost model, and the huge plan space, the optimizer cannot find the optimal execution plan for a complex query in a reasonable time. In this paper, we first deeply study the causes behind the limitations above. Next, we review the techniques used to improve the quality of the three key components in the cost-based optimizer, cardinality estimation, cost model, and plan enumeration. We also provide our insights on the future directions for each of the above aspects.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Relaxed Conditional Image Transfer for Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01400">arxiv:2101.01400</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Qijun Luo, Zhili Liu, Lanqing Hong, Chongxuan Li, Kuo Yang, Liyuan Wang, Fengwei Zhou, Guilin Li, Zhenguo Li, Jun Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA), which aims to learn models in a partially labeled target domain with the assistance of the fully labeled source domain, attracts increasing attention in recent years. To explicitly leverage the labeled data in both domains, we naturally introduce a conditional GAN framework to transfer images without changing the semantics in SSDA. However, we identify a label-domination problem in such an approach. In fact, the generator tends to overlook the input source image and only memorizes prototypes of each class, which results in unsatisfactory adaptation performance. To this end, we propose a simple yet effective Relaxed conditional GAN (Relaxed cGAN) framework. Specifically, we feed the image without its label to our generator. In this way, the generator has to infer the semantic information of input data. We formally prove that its equilibrium is desirable and empirically validate its practical convergence and effectiveness in image transfer. Additionally, we propose several techniques to make use of unlabeled data in the target domain, enhancing the model in SSDA settings. We validate our method on the well-adopted datasets: Digits, DomainNet, and Office-Home. We achieve state-of-the-art performance on DomainNet, Office-Home and most digit benchmarks in low-resource and high-resource settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GRAPPA-GANs for Parallel MRI Reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.03135">arxiv:2101.03135</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nader Tavaf, Amirsina Torfi, Kamil Ugurbil, Pierre-Francois Van de Moortele</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** k-space undersampling is a standard technique to accelerate MR image acquisitions. Reconstruction techniques including GeneRalized Autocalibrating Partial Parallel Acquisition(GRAPPA) and its variants are utilized extensively in clinical and research settings. A reconstruction model combining GRAPPA with a conditional generative adversarial network (GAN) was developed and tested on multi-coil human brain images from the fastMRI dataset. For various acceleration rates, GAN and GRAPPA reconstructions were compared in terms of peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) and structural similarity (SSIM). For an acceleration rate of R=4, PSNR improved from 33.88 using regularized GRAPPA to 37.65 using GAN. GAN consistently outperformed GRAPPA for various acceleration rates.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Density Compensated Unrolled Networks for Non-Cartesian MRI Reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01570">arxiv:2101.01570</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zaccharie Ramzi, Jean-Luc Starck, Philippe Ciuciu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks have recently been thoroughly investigated as a powerful tool for MRI reconstruction. There is a lack of research, however, regarding their use for a specific setting of MRI, namely non-Cartesian acquisitions. In this work, we introduce a novel kind of deep neural networks to tackle this problem, namely density compensated unrolled neural networks, which rely on Density Compensation to correct the uneven weighting of the k-space. We assess their efficiency on the publicly available fastMRI dataset, and perform a small ablation study. Our results show that the density-compensated unrolled neural networks outperform the different baselines, and that all parts of the design are needed. We also open source our code, in particular a Non-Uniform Fast Fourier transform for TensorFlow.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data Quality Measures and Efficient Evaluation Algorithms for Large-Scale High-Dimensional Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01441">arxiv:2101.01441</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hyeongmin Cho, Sangkyun Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning has been proven to be effective in various application areas, such as object and speech recognition on mobile systems. Since a critical key to machine learning success is the availability of large training data, many datasets are being disclosed and published online. From a data consumer or manager point of view, measuring data quality is an important first step in the learning process. We need to determine which datasets to use, update, and maintain. However, not many practical ways to measure data quality are available today, especially when it comes to large-scale high-dimensional data, such as images and videos. This paper proposes two data quality measures that can compute class separability and in-class variability, the two important aspects of data quality, for a given dataset. Classical data quality measures tend to focus only on class separability; however, we suggest that in-class variability is another important data quality factor. We provide efficient algorithms to compute our quality measures based on random projections and bootstrapping with statistical benefits on large-scale high-dimensional data. In experiments, we show that our measures are compatible with classical measures on small-scale data and can be computed much more efficiently on large-scale high-dimensional datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhanced Audit Techniques Empowered by the Reinforcement Learning Pertaining to IFRS 16 Lease</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.05633">arxiv:2101.05633</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Byungryul Choi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The purpose of accounting audit is to have clear understanding on the financial activities of a company, which can be enhanced by machine learning or reinforcement learning as numeric analysis better than manual analysis can be made. For the purpose of assessment on the relevance, completeness and accuracy of the information produced by entity pertaining to the newly implemented International Financial Reporting Standard 16 Lease (IFRS 16) is one of such candidates as its characteristic of requiring the understanding on the nature of contracts and its complete analysis from listing up without omission, which can be enhanced by the digitalization of contracts for the purpose of creating the lists, still leaving the need of auditing cash flows of companies for the possible omission due to the potential error at the stage of data collection, especially for entities with various short or middle term business sites and related leases, such as construction entities.
  The implementation of the reinforcement learning and its well-known code is to be made for the purpose of drawing the possibility and utilizability of interpreters from domain knowledge to numerical system, also can be called 'gamification interpreter' or 'numericalization interpreter' which can be referred or compared to the extrapolation with nondimensional numbers, such as Froude Number, in physics, which was a source of inspiration at this study. Studies on the interpreters can be able to empower the utilizability of artificial general intelligence in domain and commercial area.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust CUR Decomposition: Theory and Imaging Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.05231">arxiv:2101.05231</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>HanQin Cai, Keaton Hamm, Longxiu Huang, Deanna Needell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper considers the use of Robust PCA in a CUR decomposition framework and applications thereof. Our main algorithms produce a robust version of column-row factorizations of matrices $\mathbf{D}=\mathbf{L}+\mathbf{S}$ where $\mathbf{L}$ is low-rank and $\mathbf{S}$ contains sparse outliers. These methods yield interpretable factorizations at low computational cost, and provide new CUR decompositions that are robust to sparse outliers, in contrast to previous methods. We consider two key imaging applications of Robust PCA: video foreground-background separation and face modeling. This paper examines the qualitative behavior of our Robust CUR decompositions on the benchmark videos and face datasets, and find that our method works as well as standard Robust PCA while being significantly faster. Additionally, we consider hybrid randomized and deterministic sampling methods which produce a compact CUR decomposition of a given matrix, and apply this to video sequences to produce canonical frames thereof.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Off-Policy Evaluation of Slate Policies under Bayes Risk</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.02553">arxiv:2101.02553</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nikos Vlassis, Fernando Amat Gil, Ashok Chandrashekar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of off-policy evaluation for slate bandits, for the typical case in which the logging policy factorizes over the slots of the slate. We slightly depart from the existing literature by taking Bayes risk as the criterion by which to evaluate estimators, and we analyze the family of 'additive' estimators that includes the pseudoinverse (PI) estimator of Swaminathan et al.\ (2017; arXiv:1605.04812). Using a control variate approach, we identify a new estimator in this family that is guaranteed to have lower risk than PI in the above class of problems. In particular, we show that the risk improvement over PI grows linearly with the number of slots, and linearly with the gap between the arithmetic and the harmonic mean of a set of slot-level divergences between the logging and the target policy. In the typical case of a uniform logging policy and a deterministic target policy, each divergence corresponds to slot size, showing that maximal gains can be obtained for slate problems with diverse numbers of actions per slot.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>One-shot Policy Elicitation via Semantic Reward Manipulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01860">arxiv:2101.01860</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Aaquib Tabrez, Ryan Leonard, Bradley Hayes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Synchronizing expectations and knowledge about the state of the world is an essential capability for effective collaboration. For robots to effectively collaborate with humans and other autonomous agents, it is critical that they be able to generate intelligible explanations to reconcile differences between their understanding of the world and that of their collaborators. In this work we present Single-shot Policy Explanation for Augmenting Rewards (SPEAR), a novel sequential optimization algorithm that uses semantic explanations derived from combinations of planning predicates to augment agents' reward functions, driving their policies to exhibit more optimal behavior. We provide an experimental validation of our algorithm's policy manipulation capabilities in two practically grounded applications and conclude with a performance analysis of SPEAR on domains of increasingly complex state space and predicate counts. We demonstrate that our method makes substantial improvements over the state-of-the-art in terms of runtime and addressable problem size, enabling an agent to leverage its own expertise to communicate actionable information to improve another's performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A unifying approach on bias and variance analysis for classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01765">arxiv:2101.01765</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Cemre Zor, Terry Windeatt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Standard bias and variance (B&V) terminologies were originally defined for the regression setting and their extensions to classification have led to several different models / definitions in the literature. In this paper, we aim to provide the link between the commonly used frameworks of Tumer & Ghosh (T&G) and James. By unifying the two approaches, we relate the B&V defined for the 0/1 loss to the standard B&V of the boundary distributions given for the squared error loss. The closed form relationships provide a deeper understanding of classification performance, and their use is demonstrated in two case studies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Monocular Depth Estimation for Soft Visuotactile Sensors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01677">arxiv:2101.01677</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rares Ambrus, Vitor Guizilini, Naveen Kuppuswamy, Andrew Beaulieu, Adrien Gaidon, Alex Alspach</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fluid-filled soft visuotactile sensors such as the Soft-bubbles alleviate key challenges for robust manipulation, as they enable reliable grasps along with the ability to obtain high-resolution sensory feedback on contact geometry and forces. Although they are simple in construction, their utility has been limited due to size constraints introduced by enclosed custom IR/depth imaging sensors to directly measure surface deformations. Towards mitigating this limitation, we investigate the application of state-of-the-art monocular depth estimation to infer dense internal (tactile) depth maps directly from the internal single small IR imaging sensor. Through real-world experiments, we show that deep networks typically used for long-range depth estimation (1-100m) can be effectively trained for precise predictions at a much shorter range (1-100mm) inside a mostly textureless deformable fluid-filled sensor. We propose a simple supervised learning process to train an object-agnostic network requiring less than 10 random poses in contact for less than 10 seconds for a small set of diverse objects (mug, wine glass, box, and fingers in our experiments). We show that our approach is sample-efficient, accurate, and generalizes across different objects and sensor configurations unseen at training time. Finally, we discuss the implications of our approach for the design of soft visuotactile sensors and grippers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sequential Choice Bandits with Feedback for Personalizing users' experience</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01572">arxiv:2101.01572</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anshuka Rangi, Massimo Franceschetti, Long Tran-Thanh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we study sequential choice bandits with feedback. We propose bandit algorithms for a platform that personalizes users' experience to maximize its rewards. For each action directed to a given user, the platform is given a positive reward, which is a non-decreasing function of the action, if this action is below the user's threshold. Users are equipped with a patience budget, and actions that are above the threshold decrease the user's patience. When all patience is lost, the user abandons the platform. The platform attempts to learn the thresholds of the users in order to maximize its rewards, based on two different feedback models describing the information pattern available to the platform at each action. We define a notion of regret by determining the best action to be taken when the platform knows that the user's threshold is in a given interval. We then propose bandit algorithms for the two feedback models and show that upper and lower bounds on the regret are of the order of $\tilde{O}(N^{2/3})$ and $\tildeΩ(N^{2/3})$, respectively, where $N$ is the total number of users. Finally, we show that the waiting time of any user before receiving a personalized experience is uniform in $N$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Brain Tumor Segmentation and Survival Prediction using Automatic Hard mining in 3D CNN Architecture</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01546">arxiv:2101.01546</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Vikas Kumar Anand, Sanjeev Grampurohit, Pranav Aurangabadkar, Avinash Kori, Mahendra Khened, Raghavendra S Bhat, Ganapathy Krishnamurthi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We utilize 3-D fully convolutional neural networks (CNN) to segment gliomas and its constituents from multimodal Magnetic Resonance Images (MRI). The architecture uses dense connectivity patterns to reduce the number of weights and residual connections and is initialized with weights obtained from training this model with BraTS 2018 dataset. Hard mining is done during training to train for the difficult cases of segmentation tasks by increasing the dice similarity coefficient (DSC) threshold to choose the hard cases as epoch increases. On the BraTS2020 validation data (n = 125), this architecture achieved a tumor core, whole tumor, and active tumor dice of 0.744, 0.876, 0.714,respectively. On the test dataset, we get an increment in DSC of tumor core and active tumor by approximately 7%. In terms of DSC, our network performances on the BraTS 2020 test data are 0.775, 0.815, and 0.85 for enhancing tumor, tumor core, and whole tumor, respectively. Overall survival of a subject is determined using conventional machine learning from rediomics features obtained using a generated segmentation mask. Our approach has achieved 0.448 and 0.452 as the accuracy on the validation and test dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Handling Hard Affine SDP Shape Constraints in RKHSs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01519">arxiv:2101.01519</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Pierre-Cyril Aubin-Frankowski, Zoltan Szabo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Shape constraints, such as non-negativity, monotonicity, convexity or supermodularity, play a key role in various applications of machine learning and statistics. However, incorporating this side information into predictive models in a hard way (for example at all points of an interval) for rich function classes is a notoriously challenging problem. We propose a unified and modular convex optimization framework, relying on second-order cone (SOC) tightening, to encode hard affine SDP constraints on function derivatives, for models belonging to vector-valued reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces (vRKHSs). The modular nature of the proposed approach allows to simultaneously handle multiple shape constraints, and to tighten an infinite number of constraints into finitely many. We prove the consistency of the proposed scheme and that of its adaptive variant, leveraging geometric properties of vRKHSs. The efficiency of the approach is illustrated in the context of shape optimization, safety-critical control and econometrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SoS Degree Reduction with Applications to Clustering and Robust Moment Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01509">arxiv:2101.01509</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>David Steurer, Stefan Tiegel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a general framework to significantly reduce the degree of sum-of-squares proofs by introducing new variables. To illustrate the power of this framework, we use it to speed up previous algorithms based on sum-of-squares for two important estimation problems, clustering and robust moment estimation. The resulting algorithms offer the same statistical guarantees as the previous best algorithms but have significantly faster running times. Roughly speaking, given a sample of $n$ points in dimension $d$, our algorithms can exploit order-$\ell$ moments in time $d^{O(\ell)}\cdot n^{O(1)}$, whereas a naive implementation requires time $(d\cdot n)^{O(\ell)}$. Since for the aforementioned applications, the typical sample size is $d^{Θ(\ell)}$, our framework improves running times from $d^{O(\ell^2)}$ to $d^{O(\ell)}$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Structured Machine Learning Tools for Modelling Characteristics of Guided Waves</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01506">arxiv:2101.01506</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Marcus Haywood-Alexander, Nikolaos Dervilis, Keith Worden, Elizabeth J. Cross, Robin S. Mills, Timothy J. Rogers</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The use of ultrasonic guided waves to probe the materials/structures for damage continues to increase in popularity for non-destructive evaluation (NDE) and structural health monitoring (SHM). The use of high-frequency waves such as these offers an advantage over low-frequency methods from their ability to detect damage on a smaller scale. However, in order to assess damage in a structure, and implement any NDE or SHM tool, knowledge of the behaviour of a guided wave throughout the material/structure is important (especially when designing sensor placement for SHM systems). Determining this behaviour is extremely diffcult in complex materials, such as fibre-matrix composites, where unique phenomena such as continuous mode conversion takes place. This paper introduces a novel method for modelling the feature-space of guided waves in a composite material. This technique is based on a data-driven model, where prior physical knowledge can be used to create structured machine learning tools; where constraints are applied to provide said structure. The method shown makes use of Gaussian processes, a full Bayesian analysis tool, and in this paper it is shown how physical knowledge of the guided waves can be utilised in modelling using an ML tool. This paper shows that through careful consideration when applying machine learning techniques, more robust models can be generated which offer advantages such as extrapolation ability and physical interpretation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Delayed Projection Techniques for Linearly Constrained Problems: Convergence Rates, Acceleration, and Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01505">arxiv:2101.01505</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiang Li, Zhihua Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we study a novel class of projection-based algorithms for linearly constrained problems (LCPs) which have a lot of applications in statistics, optimization, and machine learning. Conventional primal gradient-based methods for LCPs call a projection after each (stochastic) gradient descent, resulting in that the required number of projections equals that of gradient descents (or total iterations). Motivated by the recent progress in distributed optimization, we propose the delayed projection technique that calls a projection once for a while, lowering the projection frequency and improving the projection efficiency. Accordingly, we devise a series of stochastic methods for LCPs using the technique, including a variance reduced method and an accelerated one. We theoretically show that it is feasible to improve projection efficiency in both strongly convex and generally convex cases. Our analysis is simple and unified and can be easily extended to other methods using delayed projections. When applying our new algorithms to federated optimization, a newfangled and privacy-preserving subfield in distributed optimization, we obtain not only a variance reduced federated algorithm with convergence rates better than previous works, but also the first accelerated method able to handle data heterogeneity inherent in federated optimization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Weight-of-evidence 2.0 with shrinkage and spline-binning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01494">arxiv:2101.01494</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jakob Raymaekers, Wouter Verbeke, Tim Verdonck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In many practical applications, such as fraud detection, credit risk modeling or medical decision making, classification models for assigning instances to a predefined set of classes are required to be both precise as well as interpretable. Linear modeling methods such as logistic regression are often adopted, since they offer an acceptable balance between precision and interpretability. Linear methods, however, are not well equipped to handle categorical predictors with high-cardinality or to exploit non-linear relations in the data. As a solution, data preprocessing methods such as weight-of-evidence are typically used for transforming the predictors. The binning procedure that underlies the weight-of-evidence approach, however, has been little researched and typically relies on ad-hoc or expert driven procedures. The objective in this paper, therefore, is to propose a formalized, data-driven and powerful method.
  To this end, we explore the discretization of continuous variables through the binning of spline functions, which allows for capturing non-linear effects in the predictor variables and yields highly interpretable predictors taking only a small number of discrete values. Moreover, we extend upon the weight-of-evidence approach and propose to estimate the proportions using shrinkage estimators. Together, this offers an improved ability to exploit both non-linear and categorical predictors for achieving increased classification precision, while maintaining interpretability of the resulting model and decreasing the risk of overfitting.
  We present the results of a series of experiments in a fraud detection setting, which illustrate the effectiveness of the presented approach. We facilitate reproduction of the presented results and adoption of the proposed approaches by providing both the dataset and the code for implementing the experiments and the presented approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Sign-Constrained Support Vector Machines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01473">arxiv:2101.01473</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kenya Tajima, Takahiko Henmi, Kohei Tsuchida, Esmeraldo Ronnie R. Zara, Tsuyoshi Kato</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Domain knowledge is useful to improve the generalization performance of learning machines. Sign constraints are a handy representation to combine domain knowledge with learning machine. In this paper, we consider constraining the signs of the weight coefficients in learning the linear support vector machine, and develop two optimization algorithms for minimizing the empirical risk under the sign constraints. One of the two algorithms is based on the projected gradient method, in which each iteration of the projected gradient method takes $O(nd)$ computational cost and the sublinear convergence of the objective error is guaranteed. The second algorithm is based on the Frank-Wolfe method that also converges sublinearly and possesses a clear termination criterion. We show that each iteration of the Frank-Wolfe also requires $O(nd)$ cost. Furthermore, we derive the explicit expression for the minimal iteration number to ensure an $ε$-accurate solution by analyzing the curvature of the objective function. Finally, we empirically demonstrate that the sign constraints are a promising technique when similarities to the training examples compose the feature vector.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>End-to-End Video Question-Answer Generation with Generator-Pretester Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01447">arxiv:2101.01447</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hung-Ting Su, Chen-Hsi Chang, Po-Wei Shen, Yu-Siang Wang, Ya-Liang Chang, Yu-Cheng Chang, Pu-Jen Cheng, Winston H. Hsu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study a novel task, Video Question-Answer Generation (VQAG), for challenging Video Question Answering (Video QA) task in multimedia. Due to expensive data annotation costs, many widely used, large-scale Video QA datasets such as Video-QA, MSVD-QA and MSRVTT-QA are automatically annotated using Caption Question Generation (CapQG) which inputs captions instead of the video itself. As captions neither fully represent a video, nor are they always practically available, it is crucial to generate question-answer pairs based on a video via Video Question-Answer Generation (VQAG). Existing video-to-text (V2T) approaches, despite taking a video as the input, only generate a question alone. In this work, we propose a novel model Generator-Pretester Network that focuses on two components: (1) The Joint Question-Answer Generator (JQAG) which generates a question with its corresponding answer to allow Video Question "Answering" training. (2) The Pretester (PT) verifies a generated question by trying to answer it and checks the pretested answer with both the model's proposed answer and the ground truth answer. We evaluate our system with the only two available large-scale human-annotated Video QA datasets and achieves state-of-the-art question generation performances. Furthermore, using our generated QA pairs only on the Video QA task, we can surpass some supervised baselines. We apply our generated questions to Video QA applications and surpasses some supervised baselines using generated questions only. As a pre-training strategy, we outperform both CapQG and transfer learning approaches when employing semi-supervised (20%) or fully supervised learning with annotated data. These experimental results suggest the novel perspectives for Video QA training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convergence and finite sample approximations of entropic regularized Wasserstein distances in Gaussian and RKHS settings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01429">arxiv:2101.01429</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Minh Ha Quang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work studies the convergence and finite sample approximations of entropic regularized Wasserstein distances in the Hilbert space setting. Our first main result is that for Gaussian measures on an infinite-dimensional Hilbert space, convergence in the 2-Sinkhorn divergence is {\it strictly weaker} than convergence in the exact 2-Wasserstein distance. Specifically, a sequence of centered Gaussian measures converges in the 2-Sinkhorn divergence if the corresponding covariance operators converge in the Hilbert-Schmidt norm. This is in contrast to the previous known result that a sequence of centered Gaussian measures converges in the exact 2-Wasserstein distance if and only if the covariance operators converge in the trace class norm. In the reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS) setting, the {\it kernel Gaussian-Sinkhorn divergence}, which is the Sinkhorn divergence between Gaussian measures defined on an RKHS, defines a semi-metric on the set of Borel probability measures on a Polish space, given a characteristic kernel on that space. With the Hilbert-Schmidt norm convergence, we obtain {\it dimension-independent} convergence rates for finite sample approximations of the kernel Gaussian-Sinkhorn divergence, with the same order as the Maximum Mean Discrepancy. These convergence rates apply in particular to Sinkhorn divergence between Gaussian measures on Euclidean and infinite-dimensional Hilbert spaces. The sample complexity for the 2-Wasserstein distance between Gaussian measures on Euclidean space, while dimension-dependent and larger than that of the Sinkhorn divergence, is exponentially faster than the worst case scenario in the literature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reinforcement Learning based Collective Entity Alignment with Adaptive Features</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01353">arxiv:2101.01353</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Weixin Zeng, Xiang Zhao, Jiuyang Tang, Xuemin Lin, Paul Groth</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Entity alignment (EA) is the task of identifying the entities that refer to the same real-world object but are located in different knowledge graphs (KGs). For entities to be aligned, existing EA solutions treat them separately and generate alignment results as ranked lists of entities on the other side. Nevertheless, this decision-making paradigm fails to take into account the interdependence among entities. Although some recent efforts mitigate this issue by imposing the 1-to-1 constraint on the alignment process, they still cannot adequately model the underlying interdependence and the results tend to be sub-optimal. To fill in this gap, in this work, we delve into the dynamics of the decision-making process, and offer a reinforcement learning (RL) based model to align entities collectively. Under the RL framework, we devise the coherence and exclusiveness constraints to characterize the interdependence and restrict collective alignment. Additionally, to generate more precise inputs to the RL framework, we employ representative features to capture different aspects of the similarity between entities in heterogeneous KGs, which are integrated by an adaptive feature fusion strategy. Our proposal is evaluated on both cross-lingual and mono-lingual EA benchmarks and compared against state-of-the-art solutions. The empirical results verify its effectiveness and superiority.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Joint Source Channel Coding for WirelessImage Transmission with OFDM</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.03909">arxiv:2101.03909</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mingyu Yang, Chenghong Bian, Hun-Seok Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a deep learning based joint source channel coding (JSCC) scheme for wireless image transmission over multipath fading channels with non-linear signal clipping. The proposed encoder and decoder use convolutional neural networks (CNN) and directly map the source images to complex-valued baseband samples for orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) transmission. The proposed model-driven machine learning approach eliminates the need for separate source and channel coding while integrating an OFDM datapath to cope with multipath fading channels. The end-to-end JSCC communication system combines trainable CNN layers with non-trainable but differentiable layers representing the multipath channel model and OFDM signal processing blocks. Our results show that injecting domain expert knowledge by incorporating OFDM baseband processing blocks into the machine learning framework significantly enhances the overall performance compared to an unstructured CNN. Our method outperforms conventional schemes that employ state-of-the-art but separate source and channel coding such as BPG and LDPC with OFDM. Moreover, our method is shown to be robust against non-linear signal clipping in OFDM for various channel conditions that do not match the model parameter used during the training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Design and Analysis of a Synthetic Prediction Market using Dynamic Convex Sets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01787">arxiv:2101.01787</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nishanth Nakshatri, Arjun Menon, C. Lee Giles, Sarah Rajtmajer, Christopher Griffin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a synthetic prediction market whose agent purchase logic is defined using a sigmoid transformation of a convex semi-algebraic set defined in feature space. Asset prices are determined by a logarithmic scoring market rule. Time varying asset prices affect the structure of the semi-algebraic sets leading to time-varying agent purchase rules. We show that under certain assumptions on the underlying geometry, the resulting synthetic prediction market can be used to arbitrarily closely approximate a binary function defined on a set of input data. We also provide sufficient conditions for market convergence and show that under certain instances markets can exhibit limit cycles in asset spot price. We provide an evolutionary algorithm for training agent parameters to allow a market to model the distribution of a given data set and illustrate the market approximation using two open source data sets. Results are compared to standard machine learning methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamic Preference Logic meets Iterated Belief Change: Representation Results and Postulates Characterization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01676">arxiv:2101.01676</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Marlo Souza, Álvaro Moreira, Renata Vieira</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** AGM's belief revision is one of the main paradigms in the study of belief change operations. Recently, several logics for belief and information change have been proposed in the literature and used to encode belief change operations in rich and expressive semantic frameworks. While the connections of AGM-like operations and their encoding in dynamic doxastic logics have been studied before by the work of Segerberg, most works on the area of Dynamic Epistemic Logics (DEL) have not, to our knowledge, attempted to use those logics as tools to investigate mathematical properties of belief change operators. This work investigates how Dynamic Preference Logic, a logic in the DEL family, can be used to study properties of dynamic belief change operators, focusing on well-known postulates of iterated belief change.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Contextual colorization and denoising for low-light ultra high resolution sequences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01597">arxiv:2101.01597</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>N. Anantrasirichai, David Bull</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Low-light image sequences generally suffer from spatio-temporal incoherent noise, flicker and blurring of moving objects. These artefacts significantly reduce visual quality and, in most cases, post-processing is needed in order to generate acceptable quality. Most state-of-the-art enhancement methods based on machine learning require ground truth data but this is not usually available for naturally captured low light sequences. We tackle these problems with an unpaired-learning method that offers simultaneous colorization and denoising. Our approach is an adaptation of the CycleGAN structure. To overcome the excessive memory limitations associated with ultra high resolution content, we propose a multiscale patch-based framework, capturing both local and contextual features. Additionally, an adaptive temporal smoothing technique is employed to remove flickering artefacts. Experimental results show that our method outperforms existing approaches in terms of subjective quality and that it is robust to variations in brightness levels and noise.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exact solution to the random sequential dynamics of a message passing algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01571">arxiv:2101.01571</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Burak Çakmak, Manfred Opper</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We analyze the random sequential dynamics of a message passing algorithm for Ising models with random interactions in the large system limit. We derive exact results for the two-time correlation functions and the speed of convergence. The {\em de Almedia-Thouless} stability criterion of the static problem is found to be necessary and sufficient for the global convergence of the random sequential dynamics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CLOI: An Automated Benchmark Framework For Generating Geometric Digital Twins Of Industrial Facilities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.01355">arxiv:2101.01355</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Eva Agapaki, Ioannis Brilakis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper devises, implements and benchmarks a novel framework, named CLOI, that can accurately generate individual labelled point clusters of the most important shapes of existing industrial facilities with minimal manual effort in a generic point-level format. CLOI employs a combination of deep learning and geometric methods to segment the points into classes and individual instances. The current geometric digital twin generation from point cloud data in commercial software is a tedious, manual process. Experiments with our CLOI framework reveal that the method can reliably segment complex and incomplete point clouds of industrial facilities, yielding 82% class segmentation accuracy. Compared to the current state-of-practice, the proposed framework can realize estimated time-savings of 30% on average. CLOI is the first framework of its kind to have achieved geometric digital twinning for the most important objects of industrial factories. It provides the foundation for further research on the generation of semantically enriched digital twins of the built environment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainable AI and Adoption of Financial Algorithmic Advisors: an Experimental Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.02555">arxiv:2101.02555</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Daniel Ben David, Yehezkel S. Resheff, Talia Tron</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study whether receiving advice from either a human or algorithmic advisor, accompanied by five types of Local and Global explanation labelings, has an effect on the readiness to adopt, willingness to pay, and trust in a financial AI consultant. We compare the differences over time and in various key situations using a unique experimental framework where participants play a web-based game with real monetary consequences. We observed that accuracy-based explanations of the model in initial phases leads to higher adoption rates. When the performance of the model is immaculate, there is less importance associated with the kind of explanation for adoption. Using more elaborate feature-based or accuracy-based explanations helps substantially in reducing the adoption drop upon model failure. Furthermore, using an autopilot increases adoption significantly. Participants assigned to the AI-labeled advice with explanations were willing to pay more for the advice than the AI-labeled advice with a No-explanation alternative. These results add to the literature on the importance of XAI for algorithmic adoption and trust.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2021.01.04]({{ '/2021/01/04/2021.01.04.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2021.01.06]({{ '/2021/01/06/2021.01.06.html' | relative_url }})