## Summary for 2021-09-25, created on 2021-12-18


<details><summary><b>Explainability Pitfalls: Beyond Dark Patterns in Explainable AI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12480">arxiv:2109.12480</a>
&#x1F4C8; 69 <br>
<p>Upol Ehsan, Mark O. Riedl</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To make Explainable AI (XAI) systems trustworthy, understanding harmful effects is just as important as producing well-designed explanations. In this paper, we address an important yet unarticulated type of negative effect in XAI. We introduce explainability pitfalls(EPs), unanticipated negative downstream effects from AI explanations manifesting even when there is no intention to manipulate users. EPs are different from, yet related to, dark patterns, which are intentionally deceptive practices. We articulate the concept of EPs by demarcating it from dark patterns and highlighting the challenges arising from uncertainties around pitfalls. We situate and operationalize the concept using a case study that showcases how, despite best intentions, unsuspecting negative effects such as unwarranted trust in numerical explanations can emerge. We propose proactive and preventative strategies to address EPs at three interconnected levels: research, design, and organizational.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AbstractDifferentiation.jl: Backend-Agnostic Differentiable Programming in Julia</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12449">arxiv:2109.12449</a>
&#x1F4C8; 16 <br>
<p>Frank Schäfer, Mohamed Tarek, Lyndon White, Chris Rackauckas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** No single Automatic Differentiation (AD) system is the optimal choice for all problems. This means informed selection of an AD system and combinations can be a problem-specific variable that can greatly impact performance. In the Julia programming language, the major AD systems target the same input and thus in theory can compose. Hitherto, switching between AD packages in the Julia Language required end-users to familiarize themselves with the user-facing API of the respective packages. Furthermore, implementing a new, usable AD package required AD package developers to write boilerplate code to define convenience API functions for end-users. As a response to these issues, we present AbstractDifferentiation.jl for the automatized generation of an extensive, unified, user-facing API for any AD package. By splitting the complexity between AD users and AD developers, AD package developers only need to implement one or two primitive definitions to support various utilities for AD users like Jacobians, Hessians and lazy product operators from native primitives such as pullbacks or pushforwards, thus removing tedious -- but so far inevitable -- boilerplate code, and enabling the easy switching and composing between AD implementations for end-users.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physics-informed Convolutional Neural Networks for Temperature Field Prediction of Heat Source Layout without Labeled Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12482">arxiv:2109.12482</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Xiaoyu Zhao, Zhiqiang Gong, Yunyang Zhang, Wen Yao, Xiaoqian Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, surrogate models based on deep learning have attracted much attention for engineering analysis and optimization. As the construction of data pairs in most engineering problems is time-consuming, data acquisition is becoming the predictive capability bottleneck of most deep surrogate models, which also exists in surrogate for thermal analysis and design. To address this issue, this paper develops a physics-informed convolutional neural network (CNN) for the thermal simulation surrogate. The network can learn a mapping from heat source layout to the steady-state temperature field without labeled data, which equals solving an entire family of partial difference equations (PDEs). To realize the physics-guided training without labeled data, we employ the heat conduction equation and finite difference method to construct the loss function. Since the solution is sensitive to boundary conditions, we properly impose hard constraints by padding in the Dirichlet and Neumann boundary conditions. In addition, the neural network architecture is well-designed to improve the prediction precision of the problem at hand, and pixel-level online hard example mining is introduced to overcome the imbalance of optimization difficulty in the computation domain. The experiments demonstrate that the proposed method can provide comparable predictions with numerical method and data-driven deep learning models. We also conduct various ablation studies to investigate the effectiveness of the network component and training methods proposed in this paper.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Auditing AI models for Verified Deployment under Semantic Specifications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12456">arxiv:2109.12456</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Homanga Bharadhwaj, De-An Huang, Chaowei Xiao, Anima Anandkumar, Animesh Garg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Auditing trained deep learning (DL) models prior to deployment is vital for preventing unintended consequences. One of the biggest challenges in auditing is the lack of human-interpretable specifications for the DL models that are directly useful to the auditor. We address this challenge through a sequence of semantically-aligned unit tests, where each unit test verifies whether a predefined specification (e.g., accuracy over 95%) is satisfied with respect to controlled and semantically aligned variations in the input space (e.g., in face recognition, the angle relative to the camera). We enable such unit tests through variations in a semantically-interpretable latent space of a generative model. Further, we conduct certified training for the DL model through a shared latent space representation with the generative model. With evaluations on four different datasets, covering images of chest X-rays, human faces, ImageNet classes, and towers, we show how AuditAI allows us to obtain controlled variations for certified training. Thus, our framework, AuditAI, bridges the gap between semantically-aligned formal verification and scalability. A blog post accompanying the paper is at this link https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/nvidia-research-auditing-ai-models-for-verified-deployment-under-semantic-specifications

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Excavating the Potential Capacity of Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12484">arxiv:2109.12484</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Rui Peng, Ronggang Wang, Yawen Lai, Luyang Tang, Yangang Cai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-supervised methods play an increasingly important role in monocular depth estimation due to their great potential and low annotation cost. To close the gap with supervised methods, recent works take advantage of extra constraints, e.g., semantic segmentation. However, these methods will inevitably increase the burden on the model. In this paper, we show theoretical and empirical evidence that the potential capacity of self-supervised monocular depth estimation can be excavated without increasing this cost. In particular, we propose (1) a novel data augmentation approach called data grafting, which forces the model to explore more cues to infer depth besides the vertical image position, (2) an exploratory self-distillation loss, which is supervised by the self-distillation label generated by our new post-processing method - selective post-processing, and (3) the full-scale network, designed to endow the encoder with the specialization of depth estimation task and enhance the representational power of the model. Extensive experiments show that our contributions can bring significant performance improvement to the baseline with even less computational overhead, and our model, named EPCDepth, surpasses the previous state-of-the-art methods even those supervised by additional constraints.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Modelling the transition to a low-carbon energy supply</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.00987">arxiv:2111.00987</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Alexander Kell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A transition to a low-carbon electricity supply is crucial to limit the impacts of climate change. Reducing carbon emissions could help prevent the world from reaching a tipping point, where runaway emissions are likely. Runaway emissions could lead to extremes in weather conditions around the world -- especially in problematic regions unable to cope with these conditions. However, the movement to a low-carbon energy supply can not happen instantaneously due to the existing fossil-fuel infrastructure and the requirement to maintain a reliable energy supply. Therefore, a low-carbon transition is required, however, the decisions various stakeholders should make over the coming decades to reduce these carbon emissions are not obvious. This is due to many long-term uncertainties, such as electricity, fuel and generation costs, human behaviour and the size of electricity demand. A well choreographed low-carbon transition is, therefore, required between all of the heterogenous actors in the system, as opposed to changing the behaviour of a single, centralised actor. The objective of this thesis is to create a novel, open-source agent-based model to better understand the manner in which the whole electricity market reacts to different factors using state-of-the-art machine learning and artificial intelligence methods. In contrast to other works, this thesis looks at both the long-term and short-term impact that different behaviours have on the electricity market by using these state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DziriBERT: a Pre-trained Language Model for the Algerian Dialect</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12346">arxiv:2109.12346</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Amine Abdaoui, Mohamed Berrimi, Mourad Oussalah, Abdelouahab Moussaoui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pre-trained transformers are now the de facto models in Natural Language Processing given their state-of-the-art results in many tasks and languages. However, most of the current models have been trained on languages for which large text resources are already available (such as English, French, Arabic, etc.). Therefore, there is still a number of low-resource languages that need more attention from the community. In this paper, we study the Algerian dialect which has several specificities that make the use of Arabic or multilingual models inappropriate. To address this issue, we collected more than one Million Algerian tweets, and pre-trained the first Algerian language model: DziriBERT. When compared to existing models, DziriBERT achieves the best results on two Algerian downstream datasets. The obtained results show that pre-training a dedicated model on a small dataset (150 MB) can outperform existing models that have been trained on much more data (hundreds of GB). Finally, our model is publicly available to the community.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Neural Templates for Recommender Dialogue System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12302">arxiv:2109.12302</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Zujie Liang, Huang Hu, Can Xu, Jian Miao, Yingying He, Yining Chen, Xiubo Geng, Fan Liang, Daxin Jiang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Though recent end-to-end neural models have shown promising progress on Conversational Recommender System (CRS), two key challenges still remain. First, the recommended items cannot be always incorporated into the generated replies precisely and appropriately. Second, only the items mentioned in the training corpus have a chance to be recommended in the conversation. To tackle these challenges, we introduce a novel framework called NTRD for recommender dialogue system that decouples the dialogue generation from the item recommendation. NTRD has two key components, i.e., response template generator and item selector. The former adopts an encoder-decoder model to generate a response template with slot locations tied to target items, while the latter fills in slot locations with the proper items using a sufficient attention mechanism. Our approach combines the strengths of both classical slot filling approaches (that are generally controllable) and modern neural NLG approaches (that are generally more natural and accurate). Extensive experiments on the benchmark ReDial show our NTRD significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods. Besides, our approach has the unique advantage to produce novel items that do not appear in the training set of dialogue corpus. The code is available at \url{https://github.com/jokieleung/NTRD}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Principled Approach to Failure Analysis and Model Repairment: Demonstration in Medical Imaging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12347">arxiv:2109.12347</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Thomas Henn, Yasukazu Sakamoto, Clément Jacquet, Shunsuke Yoshizawa, Masamichi Andou, Stephen Tchen, Ryosuke Saga, Hiroyuki Ishihara, Katsuhiko Shimizu, Yingzhen Li, Ryutaro Tanno</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning models commonly exhibit unexpected failures post-deployment due to either data shifts or uncommon situations in the training environment. Domain experts typically go through the tedious process of inspecting the failure cases manually, identifying failure modes and then attempting to fix the model. In this work, we aim to standardise and bring principles to this process through answering two critical questions: (i) how do we know that we have identified meaningful and distinct failure types?; (ii) how can we validate that a model has, indeed, been repaired? We suggest that the quality of the identified failure types can be validated through measuring the intra- and inter-type generalisation after fine-tuning and introduce metrics to compare different subtyping methods. Furthermore, we argue that a model can be considered repaired if it achieves high accuracy on the failure types while retaining performance on the previously correct data. We combine these two ideas into a principled framework for evaluating the quality of both the identified failure subtypes and model repairment. We evaluate its utility on a classification and an object detection tasks. Our code is available at https://github.com/Rokken-lab6/Failure-Analysis-and-Model-Repairment

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Topic Model Robustness to Automatic Speech Recognition Errors in Podcast Transcripts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12306">arxiv:2109.12306</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Raluca Alexandra Fetic, Mikkel Jordahn, Lucas Chaves Lima, Rasmus Arpe Fogh Egebæk, Martin Carsten Nielsen, Benjamin Biering, Lars Kai Hansen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For a multilingual podcast streaming service, it is critical to be able to deliver relevant content to all users independent of language. Podcast content relevance is conventionally determined using various metadata sources. However, with the increasing quality of speech recognition in many languages, utilizing automatic transcriptions to provide better content recommendations becomes possible. In this work, we explore the robustness of a Latent Dirichlet Allocation topic model when applied to transcripts created by an automatic speech recognition engine. Specifically, we explore how increasing transcription noise influences topics obtained from transcriptions in Danish; a low resource language. First, we observe a baseline of cosine similarity scores between topic embeddings from automatic transcriptions and the descriptions of the podcasts written by the podcast creators. We then observe how the cosine similarities decrease as transcription noise increases and conclude that even when automatic speech recognition transcripts are erroneous, it is still possible to obtain high-quality topic embeddings from the transcriptions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EllipseNet: Anchor-Free Ellipse Detection for Automatic Cardiac Biometrics in Fetal Echocardiography</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12474">arxiv:2109.12474</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jiancong Chen, Yingying Zhang, Jingyi Wang, Xiaoxue Zhou, Yihua He, Tong Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As an important scan plane, four chamber view is routinely performed in both second trimester perinatal screening and fetal echocardiographic examinations. The biometrics in this plane including cardio-thoracic ratio (CTR) and cardiac axis are usually measured by sonographers for diagnosing congenital heart disease. However, due to the commonly existing artifacts like acoustic shadowing, the traditional manual measurements not only suffer from the low efficiency, but also with the inconsistent results depending on the operators' skills. In this paper, we present an anchor-free ellipse detection network, namely EllipseNet, which detects the cardiac and thoracic regions in ellipse and automatically calculates the CTR and cardiac axis for fetal cardiac biometrics in 4-chamber view. In particular, we formulate the network that detects the center of each object as points and regresses the ellipses' parameters simultaneously. We define an intersection-over-union loss to further regulate the regression procedure. We evaluate EllipseNet on clinical echocardiogram dataset with more than 2000 subjects. Experimental results show that the proposed framework outperforms several state-of-the-art methods. Source code will be available at https://git.openi.org.cn/capepoint/EllipseNet .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Emergent behavior and neural dynamics in artificial agents tracking turbulent plumes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12434">arxiv:2109.12434</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Satpreet Harcharan Singh, Floris van Breugel, Rajesh P. N. Rao, Bingni Wen Brunton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tracking a turbulent plume to locate its source is a complex control problem because it requires multi-sensory integration and must be robust to intermittent odors, changing wind direction, and variable plume statistics. This task is routinely performed by flying insects, often over long distances, in pursuit of food or mates. Several aspects of this remarkable behavior have been studied in detail in many experimental studies. Here, we take a complementary in silico approach, using artificial agents trained with reinforcement learning to develop an integrated understanding of the behaviors and neural computations that support plume tracking. Specifically, we use deep reinforcement learning (DRL) to train recurrent neural network (RNN) agents to locate the source of simulated turbulent plumes. Interestingly, the agents' emergent behaviors resemble those of flying insects, and the RNNs learn to represent task-relevant variables, such as head direction and time since last odor encounter. Our analyses suggest an intriguing experimentally testable hypothesis for tracking plumes in changing wind direction -- that agents follow local plume shape rather than the current wind direction. While reflexive short-memory behaviors are sufficient for tracking plumes in constant wind, longer timescales of memory are essential for tracking plumes that switch direction. At the level of neural dynamics, the RNNs' population activity is low-dimensional and organized into distinct dynamical structures, with some correspondence to behavioral modules. Our in silico approach provides key intuitions for turbulent plume tracking strategies and motivates future targeted experimental and theoretical developments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Coreference Resolution for the Biomedical Domain: A Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12424">arxiv:2109.12424</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Pengcheng Lu, Massimo Poesio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Issues with coreference resolution are one of the most frequently mentioned challenges for information extraction from the biomedical literature. Thus, the biomedical genre has long been the second most researched genre for coreference resolution after the news domain, and the subject of a great deal of research for NLP in general. In recent years this interest has grown enormously leading to the development of a number of substantial datasets, of domain-specific contextual language models, and of several architectures. In this paper we review the state-of-the-art of coreference in the biomedical domain with a particular attention on these most recent developments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-source Few-shot Domain Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12391">arxiv:2109.12391</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Xiangyu Yue, Zangwei Zheng, Colorado Reed, Hari Prasanna Das, Kurt Keutzer, Alberto Sangiovanni Vincentelli</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-source Domain Adaptation (MDA) aims to transfer predictive models from multiple, fully-labeled source domains to an unlabeled target domain. However, in many applications, relevant labeled source datasets may not be available, and collecting source labels can be as expensive as labeling the target data itself. In this paper, we investigate Multi-source Few-shot Domain Adaptation (MFDA): a new domain adaptation scenario with limited multi-source labels and unlabeled target data. As we show, existing methods often fail to learn discriminative features for both source and target domains in the MFDA setting. Therefore, we propose a novel framework, termed Multi-Source Few-shot Adaptation Network (MSFAN), which can be trained end-to-end in a non-adversarial manner. MSFAN operates by first using a type of prototypical, multi-domain, self-supervised learning to learn features that are not only domain-invariant but also class-discriminative. Second, MSFAN uses a small, labeled support set to enforce feature consistency and domain invariance across domains. Finally, prototypes from multiple sources are leveraged to learn better classifiers. Compared with state-of-the-art MDA methods, MSFAN improves the mean classification accuracy over different domain pairs on MFDA by 20.2%, 9.4%, and 16.2% on Office, Office-Home, and DomainNet, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Modal Multi-Instance Learning for Retinal Disease Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12307">arxiv:2109.12307</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Xirong Li, Yang Zhou, Jie Wang, Hailan Lin, Jianchun Zhao, Dayong Ding, Weihong Yu, Youxin Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper attacks an emerging challenge of multi-modal retinal disease recognition. Given a multi-modal case consisting of a color fundus photo (CFP) and an array of OCT B-scan images acquired during an eye examination, we aim to build a deep neural network that recognizes multiple vision-threatening diseases for the given case. As the diagnostic efficacy of CFP and OCT is disease-dependent, the network's ability of being both selective and interpretable is important. Moreover, as both data acquisition and manual labeling are extremely expensive in the medical domain, the network has to be relatively lightweight for learning from a limited set of labeled multi-modal samples. Prior art on retinal disease recognition focuses either on a single disease or on a single modality, leaving multi-modal fusion largely underexplored. We propose in this paper Multi-Modal Multi-Instance Learning (MM-MIL) for selectively fusing CFP and OCT modalities. Its lightweight architecture (as compared to current multi-head attention modules) makes it suited for learning from relatively small-sized datasets. For an effective use of MM-MIL, we propose to generate a pseudo sequence of CFPs by over sampling a given CFP. The benefits of this tactic include well balancing instances across modalities, increasing the resolution of the CFP input, and finding out regions of the CFP most relevant with respect to the final diagnosis. Extensive experiments on a real-world dataset consisting of 1,206 multi-modal cases from 1,193 eyes of 836 subjects demonstrate the viability of the proposed model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved statistical machine translation using monolingual paraphrases</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15119">arxiv:2109.15119</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Preslav Nakov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel monolingual sentence paraphrasing method for augmenting the training data for statistical machine translation systems "for free" -- by creating it from data that is already available rather than having to create more aligned data. Starting with a syntactic tree, we recursively generate new sentence variants where noun compounds are paraphrased using suitable prepositions, and vice-versa -- preposition-containing noun phrases are turned into noun compounds. The evaluation shows an improvement equivalent to 33%-50% of that of doubling the amount of training data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Classification of COVID-19 from CXR Images in a 15-class Scenario: an Attempt to Avoid Bias in the System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12453">arxiv:2109.12453</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Chinmoy Bose, Anirvan Basu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As of June 2021, the World Health Organization (WHO) has reported 171.7 million confirmed cases including 3,698,621 deaths from COVID-19. Detecting COVID-19 and other lung diseases from Chest X-Ray (CXR) images can be very effective for emergency diagnosis and treatment as CXR is fast and cheap. The objective of this study is to develop a system capable of detecting COVID-19 along with 14 other lung diseases from CXRs in a fair and unbiased manner. The proposed system consists of a CXR image selection technique and a deep learning based model to classify 15 diseases including COVID-19. The proposed CXR selection technique aims to retain the maximum variation uniformly and eliminate poor quality CXRs with the goal of reducing the training dataset size without compromising classifier accuracy. More importantly, it reduces the often hidden bias and unfairness in decision making. The proposed solution exhibits a promising COVID-19 detection scheme in a more realistic situation than most existing studies as it deals with 15 lung diseases together. We hope the proposed method will have wider adoption in medical image classification and other related fields.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ReCal-Net: Joint Region-Channel-Wise Calibrated Network for Semantic Segmentation in Cataract Surgery Videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12448">arxiv:2109.12448</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Negin Ghamsarian, Mario Taschwer, Doris Putzgruber-Adamitsch, Stephanie Sarny, Yosuf El-Shabrawi, Klaus Schoeffmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Semantic segmentation in surgical videos is a prerequisite for a broad range of applications towards improving surgical outcomes and surgical video analysis. However, semantic segmentation in surgical videos involves many challenges. In particular, in cataract surgery, various features of the relevant objects such as blunt edges, color and context variation, reflection, transparency, and motion blur pose a challenge for semantic segmentation. In this paper, we propose a novel convolutional module termed as \textit{ReCal} module, which can calibrate the feature maps by employing region intra-and-inter-dependencies and channel-region cross-dependencies. This calibration strategy can effectively enhance semantic representation by correlating different representations of the same semantic label, considering a multi-angle local view centering around each pixel. Thus the proposed module can deal with distant visual characteristics of unique objects as well as cross-similarities in the visual characteristics of different objects. Moreover, we propose a novel network architecture based on the proposed module termed as ReCal-Net. Experimental results confirm the superiority of ReCal-Net compared to rival state-of-the-art approaches for all relevant objects in cataract surgery. Moreover, ablation studies reveal the effectiveness of the ReCal module in boosting semantic segmentation accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Profiling Neural Blocks and Design Spaces for Mobile Neural Architecture Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12426">arxiv:2109.12426</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Keith G. Mills, Fred X. Han, Jialin Zhang, Seyed Saeed Changiz Rezaei, Fabian Chudak, Wei Lu, Shuo Lian, Shangling Jui, Di Niu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural architecture search automates neural network design and has achieved state-of-the-art results in many deep learning applications. While recent literature has focused on designing networks to maximize accuracy, little work has been conducted to understand the compatibility of architecture design spaces to varying hardware. In this paper, we analyze the neural blocks used to build Once-for-All (MobileNetV3), ProxylessNAS and ResNet families, in order to understand their predictive power and inference latency on various devices, including Huawei Kirin 9000 NPU, RTX 2080 Ti, AMD Threadripper 2990WX, and Samsung Note10. We introduce a methodology to quantify the friendliness of neural blocks to hardware and the impact of their placement in a macro network on overall network performance via only end-to-end measurements. Based on extensive profiling results, we derive design insights and apply them to hardware-specific search space reduction. We show that searching in the reduced search space generates better accuracy-latency Pareto frontiers than searching in the original search spaces, customizing architecture search according to the hardware. Moreover, insights derived from measurements lead to notably higher ImageNet top-1 scores on all search spaces investigated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Beyond Robustness: A Taxonomy of Approaches towards Resilient Multi-Robot Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12343">arxiv:2109.12343</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Amanda Prorok, Matthew Malencia, Luca Carlone, Gaurav S. Sukhatme, Brian M. Sadler, Vijay Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Robustness is key to engineering, automation, and science as a whole. However, the property of robustness is often underpinned by costly requirements such as over-provisioning, known uncertainty and predictive models, and known adversaries. These conditions are idealistic, and often not satisfiable. Resilience on the other hand is the capability to endure unexpected disruptions, to recover swiftly from negative events, and bounce back to normality. In this survey article, we analyze how resilience is achieved in networks of agents and multi-robot systems that are able to overcome adversity by leveraging system-wide complementarity, diversity, and redundancy - often involving a reconfiguration of robotic capabilities to provide some key ability that was not present in the system a priori. As society increasingly depends on connected automated systems to provide key infrastructure services (e.g., logistics, transport, and precision agriculture), providing the means to achieving resilient multi-robot systems is paramount. By enumerating the consequences of a system that is not resilient (fragile), we argue that resilience must become a central engineering design consideration. Towards this goal, the community needs to gain clarity on how it is defined, measured, and maintained. We address these questions across foundational robotics domains, spanning perception, control, planning, and learning. One of our key contributions is a formal taxonomy of approaches, which also helps us discuss the defining factors and stressors for a resilient system. Finally, this survey article gives insight as to how resilience may be achieved. Importantly, we highlight open problems that remain to be tackled in order to reap the benefits of resilient robotic systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distributed Online Optimization with Byzantine Adversarial Agents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12340">arxiv:2109.12340</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sourav Sahoo, Anand Gokhale, Rachel Kalpana Kalaimani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of non-constrained, discrete-time, online distributed optimization in a multi-agent system where some of the agents do not follow the prescribed update rule either due to failures or malicious intentions. None of the agents have prior information about the identities of the faulty agents and any agent can communicate only with its immediate neighbours. At each time step, a Lipschitz strongly convex cost function is revealed locally to all the agents and the non-faulty agents update their states using their local information and the information obtained from their neighbours. We measure the performance of the online algorithm by comparing it to its offline version when the cost functions are known apriori. The difference between the same is termed as regret. Under sufficient conditions on the graph topology, the number and location of the adversaries, the defined regret grows sublinearly. We further conduct numerical experiments to validate our theoretical results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Finetuning Transformer Models to Build ASAG System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12300">arxiv:2109.12300</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mithun Thakkar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Research towards creating systems for automatic grading of student answers to quiz and exam questions in educational settings has been ongoing since 1966. Over the years, the problem was divided into many categories. Among them, grading text answers were divided into short answer grading, and essay grading. The goal of this work was to develop an ML-based short answer grading system. I hence built a system which uses finetuning on Roberta Large Model pretrained on STS benchmark dataset and have also created an interface to show the production readiness of the system. I evaluated the performance of the system on the Mohler extended dataset and SciEntsBank Dataset. The developed system achieved a Pearsons Correlation of 0.82 and RMSE of 0.7 on the Mohler Dataset which beats the SOTA performance on this dataset which is correlation of 0.805 and RMSE of 0.793. Additionally, Pearsons Correlation of 0.79 and RMSE of 0.56 was achieved on the SciEntsBank Dataset, which only reconfirms the robustness of the system. A few observations during achieving these results included usage of batch size of 1 produced better results than using batch size of 16 or 32 and using huber loss as loss function performed well on this regression task. The system was tried and tested on train and validation splits using various random seeds and still has been tweaked to achieve a minimum of 0.76 of correlation and a maximum 0.15 (out of 1) RMSE on any dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fully Differentiable and Interpretable Model for VIO with 4 Trainable Parameters</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12292">arxiv:2109.12292</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zexi Chen, Haozhe Du, Yiyi Liao, Yue Wang, Rong Xiong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Monocular visual-inertial odometry (VIO) is a critical problem in robotics and autonomous driving. Traditional methods solve this problem based on filtering or optimization. While being fully interpretable, they rely on manual interference and empirical parameter tuning. On the other hand, learning-based approaches allow for end-to-end training but require a large number of training data to learn millions of parameters. However, the non-interpretable and heavy models hinder the generalization ability. In this paper, we propose a fully differentiable, interpretable, and lightweight monocular VIO model that contains only 4 trainable parameters. Specifically, we first adopt Unscented Kalman Filter as a differentiable layer to predict the pitch and roll, where the covariance matrices of noise are learned to filter out the noise of the IMU raw data. Second, the refined pitch and roll are adopted to retrieve a gravity-aligned BEV image of each frame using differentiable camera projection. Finally, a differentiable pose estimator is utilized to estimate the remaining 4 DoF poses between the BEV frames. Our method allows for learning the covariance matrices end-to-end supervised by the pose estimation loss, demonstrating superior performance to empirical baselines. Experimental results on synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that our simple approach is competitive with state-of-the-art methods and generalizes well on unseen scenes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ViT Cane: Visual Assistant for the Visually Impaired</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.13857">arxiv:2109.13857</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Bhavesh Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Blind and visually challenged face multiple issues with navigating the world independently. Some of these challenges include finding the shortest path to a destination and detecting obstacles from a distance. To tackle this issue, this paper proposes ViT Cane, which leverages a vision transformer model in order to detect obstacles in real-time. Our entire system consists of a Pi Camera Module v2, Raspberry Pi 4B with 8GB Ram and 4 motors. Based on tactile input using the 4 motors, the obstacle detection model is highly efficient in helping visually impaired navigate unknown terrain and is designed to be easily reproduced. The paper discusses the utility of a Visual Transformer model in comparison to other CNN based models for this specific application. Through rigorous testing, the proposed obstacle detection model has achieved higher performance on the Common Object in Context (COCO) data set than its CNN counterpart. Comprehensive field tests were conducted to verify the effectiveness of our system for holistic indoor understanding and obstacle avoidance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Contributions to Large Scale Bayesian Inference and Adversarial Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.13232">arxiv:2109.13232</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Víctor Gallego</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The rampant adoption of ML methodologies has revealed that models are usually adopted to make decisions without taking into account the uncertainties in their predictions. More critically, they can be vulnerable to adversarial examples. Thus, we believe that developing ML systems that take into account predictive uncertainties and are robust against adversarial examples is a must for critical, real-world tasks. We start with a case study in retailing. We propose a robust implementation of the Nerlove-Arrow model using a Bayesian structural time series model. Its Bayesian nature facilitates incorporating prior information reflecting the manager's views, which can be updated with relevant data. However, this case adopted classical Bayesian techniques, such as the Gibbs sampler. Nowadays, the ML landscape is pervaded with neural networks and this chapter also surveys current developments in this sub-field. Then, we tackle the problem of scaling Bayesian inference to complex models and large data regimes. In the first part, we propose a unifying view of two different Bayesian inference algorithms, Stochastic Gradient Markov Chain Monte Carlo (SG-MCMC) and Stein Variational Gradient Descent (SVGD), leading to improved and efficient novel sampling schemes. In the second part, we develop a framework to boost the efficiency of Bayesian inference in probabilistic models by embedding a Markov chain sampler within a variational posterior approximation. After that, we present an alternative perspective on adversarial classification based on adversarial risk analysis, and leveraging the scalable Bayesian approaches from chapter 2. In chapter 4 we turn to reinforcement learning, introducing Threatened Markov Decision Processes, showing the benefits of accounting for adversaries in RL while the agent learns.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Random Walk-steered Majority Undersampling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12423">arxiv:2109.12423</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Payel Sadhukhan, Arjun Pakrashi, Brian Mac Namee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we propose Random Walk-steered Majority Undersampling (RWMaU), which undersamples the majority points of a class imbalanced dataset, in order to balance the classes. Rather than marking the majority points which belong to the neighborhood of a few minority points, we are interested to perceive the closeness of the majority points to the minority class. Random walk, a powerful tool for perceiving the proximities of connected points in a graph, is used to identify the majority points which lie close to the minority class of a class-imbalanced dataset. The visit frequencies and the order of visits of the majority points in the walks enable us to perceive an overall closeness of the majority points to the minority class. The ones lying close to the minority class are subsequently undersampled. Empirical evaluation on 21 datasets and 3 classifiers demonstrate substantial improvement in performance of RWMaU over the competing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Integrating Unsupervised Clustering and Label-specific Oversampling to Tackle Imbalanced Multi-label Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12421">arxiv:2109.12421</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Payel Sadhukhan, Arjun Pakrashi, Sarbani Palit, Brian Mac Namee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is often a mixture of very frequent labels and very infrequent labels in multi-label datatsets. This variation in label frequency, a type class imbalance, creates a significant challenge for building efficient multi-label classification algorithms. In this paper, we tackle this problem by proposing a minority class oversampling scheme, UCLSO, which integrates Unsupervised Clustering and Label-Specific data Oversampling. Clustering is performed to find out the key distinct and locally connected regions of a multi-label dataset (irrespective of the label information). Next, for each label, we explore the distributions of minority points in the cluster sets. Only the minority points within a cluster are used to generate the synthetic minority points that are used for oversampling. Even though the cluster set is the same across all labels, the distributions of the synthetic minority points will vary across the labels. The training dataset is augmented with the set of label-specific synthetic minority points, and classifiers are trained to predict the relevance of each label independently. Experiments using 12 multi-label datasets and several multi-label algorithms show that the proposed method performed very well compared to the other competing algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Motivating Learners in Multi-Orchestrator Mobile Edge Learning: A Stackelberg Game Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12409">arxiv:2109.12409</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mhd Saria Allahham, Sameh Sorour, Amr Mohamed, Aiman Erbad, Mohsen Guizani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Mobile Edge Learning (MEL) is a learning paradigm that enables distributed training of Machine Learning models over heterogeneous edge devices (e.g., IoT devices). Multi-orchestrator MEL refers to the coexistence of multiple learning tasks with different datasets, each of which being governed by an orchestrator to facilitate the distributed training process. In MEL, the training performance deteriorates without the availability of sufficient training data or computing resources. Therefore, it is crucial to motivate edge devices to become learners and offer their computing resources, and either offer their private data or receive the needed data from the orchestrator and participate in the training process of a learning task. In this work, we propose an incentive mechanism, where we formulate the orchestrators-learners interactions as a 2-round Stackelberg game to motivate the participation of the learners. In the first round, the learners decide which learning task to get engaged in, and then in the second round, the amount of data for training in case of participation such that their utility is maximized. We then study the game analytically and derive the learners' optimal strategy. Finally, numerical experiments have been conducted to evaluate the performance of the proposed incentive mechanism.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MINIMAL: Mining Models for Data Free Universal Adversarial Triggers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12406">arxiv:2109.12406</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Swapnil Parekh, Yaman Singla Kumar, Somesh Singh, Changyou Chen, Balaji Krishnamurthy, Rajiv Ratn Shah</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It is well known that natural language models are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, which are mostly input-specific in nature. Recently, it has been shown that there also exist input-agnostic attacks in NLP models, called universal adversarial triggers. However, existing methods to craft universal triggers are data intensive. They require large amounts of data samples to generate adversarial triggers, which are typically inaccessible by attackers. For instance, previous works take 3000 data samples per class for the SNLI dataset to generate adversarial triggers. In this paper, we present a novel data-free approach, MINIMAL, to mine input-agnostic adversarial triggers from models. Using the triggers produced with our data-free algorithm, we reduce the accuracy of Stanford Sentiment Treebank's positive class from 93.6% to 9.6%. Similarly, for the Stanford Natural Language Inference (SNLI), our single-word trigger reduces the accuracy of the entailment class from 90.95% to less than 0.6\%. Despite being completely data-free, we get equivalent accuracy drops as data-dependent methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Channel State Information Based Localization with Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12398">arxiv:2109.12398</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kutay Bölat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Localization is one of the most important problems in various fields such as robotics and wireless communications. For instance, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) require the information of the position precisely for an adequate control strategy. This problem is handled very efficiently with integrated GPS units for outdoor applications. However, indoor applications require special treatment due to the unavailability of GPS signals. Another aspect of mobile robots such as UAVs is that there is constant wireless communication between the mobile robot and a computational unit. This communication is mainly done for obtaining telemetry information or computation of control actions directly. The responsible integrated units for this transmission are commercial wireless communication chipsets. These units on the receiver side are responsible for getting rid of the diverse effects of the communication channel with various mathematical techniques. These techniques mainly require the Channel State Information (CSI) of the current channel to compensate the channel itself. After the compensation, the chipset has nothing to do with CSI. However, the locations of both the transmitter and receiver have a direct impact on CSI. Even though CSI contains such rich information about the environment, the accessibility of these data is blocked by the commercial wireless chipsets since they are manufactured to provide only the processed information data bits to the user. However, with the IEEE 802.11n standardization, certain chipsets provide access to CSI. Therefore, CSI data became processible and integrable to localization schemes. In this project, a test environment was constructed for the localization task. Two routers with proper chipsets were assigned as transmitter and receiver. They were operationalized for the CSI data collection. Lastly, these data were processed with various deep learning models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Joint Progressive and Coarse-to-fine Registration of Brain MRI via Deformation Field Integration and Non-Rigid Feature Fusion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12384">arxiv:2109.12384</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jinxin Lv, Zhiwei Wang, Hongkuan Shi, Haobo Zhang, Sheng Wang, Yilang Wang, Qiang Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Registration of brain MRI images requires to solve a deformation field, which is extremely difficult in aligning intricate brain tissues, e.g., subcortical nuclei, etc. Existing efforts resort to decomposing the target deformation field into intermediate sub-fields with either tiny motions, i.e., progressive registration stage by stage, or lower resolutions, i.e., coarse-to-fine estimation of the full-size deformation field. In this paper, we argue that those efforts are not mutually exclusive, and propose a unified framework for robust brain MRI registration in both progressive and coarse-to-fine manners simultaneously. Specifically, building on a dual-encoder U-Net, the fixed-moving MRI pair is encoded and decoded into multi-scale deformation sub-fields from coarse to fine. Each decoding block contains two proposed novel modules: i) in Deformation Field Integration (DFI), a single integrated sub-field is calculated, warping by which is equivalent to warping progressively by sub-fields from all previous decoding blocks, and ii) in Non-rigid Feature Fusion (NFF), features of the fixed-moving pair are aligned by DFI-integrated sub-field, and then fused to predict a finer sub-field. Leveraging both DFI and NFF, the target deformation field is factorized into multi-scale sub-fields, where the coarser fields alleviate the estimate of a finer one and the finer field learns to make up those misalignments insolvable by previous coarser ones. The extensive and comprehensive experimental results on both private and public datasets demonstrate a superior registration performance of brain MRI images over progressive registration only and coarse-to-fine estimation only, with an increase by at most 10% in the average Dice.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prediction of MGMT Methylation Status of Glioblastoma using Radiomics and Latent Space Shape Features</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12339">arxiv:2109.12339</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sveinn Pálsson, Stefano Cerri, Koen Van Leemput</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we propose a method for predicting the status of MGMT promoter methylation in high-grade gliomas. From the available MR images, we segment the tumor using deep convolutional neural networks and extract both radiomic features and shape features learned by a variational autoencoder. We implemented a standard machine learning workflow to obtain predictions, consisting of feature selection followed by training of a random forest classification model. We trained and evaluated our method on the RSNA-ASNR-MICCAI BraTS 2021 challenge dataset and submitted our predictions to the challenge.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting survival of glioblastoma from automatic whole-brain and tumor segmentation of MR images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12334">arxiv:2109.12334</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sveinn Pálsson, Stefano Cerri, Hans Skovgaard Poulsen, Thomas Urup, Ian Law, Koen Van Leemput</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Survival prediction models can potentially be used to guide treatment of glioblastoma patients. However, currently available MR imaging biomarkers holding prognostic information are often challenging to interpret, have difficulties generalizing across data acquisitions, or are only applicable to pre-operative MR data. In this paper we aim to address these issues by introducing novel imaging features that can be automatically computed from MR images and fed into machine learning models to predict patient survival. The features we propose have a direct biological interpretation: They measure the deformation caused by the tumor on the surrounding brain structures, comparing the shape of various structures in the patient's brain to their expected shape in healthy individuals. To obtain the required segmentations, we use an automatic method that is contrast-adaptive and robust to missing modalities, making the features generalizable across scanners and imaging protocols. Since the features we propose do not depend on characteristics of the tumor region itself, they are also applicable to post-operative images, which have been much less studied in the context of survival prediction. Using experiments involving both pre- and post-operative data, we show that the proposed features carry prognostic value in terms of overall- and progression-free survival, over and above that of conventional non-imaging features.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Under the Skin of Foundation NFT Auctions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12321">arxiv:2109.12321</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>MohammadAmin Fazli, Ali Owfi, Mohammad Reza Taesiri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Non Fungible Tokens (NFTs) have gained a solid foothold within the crypto community, and substantial amounts of money have been allocated to their trades. In this paper, we studied one of the most prominent marketplaces dedicated to NFT auctions and trades, Foundation. We analyzed the activities on Foundation and identified several intriguing underlying dynamics that occur on this platform. Moreover, We performed social network analysis on a graph that we had created based on transferred NFTs on Foundation, and then described the characteristics of this graph. Lastly, We built a neural network-based similarity model for retrieving and clustering similar NFTs. We also showed that for most NFTs, their performances in auctions were comparable with the auction performance of other NFTs in their cluster.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cardiac Complication Risk Profiling for Cancer Survivors via Multi-View Multi-Task Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12276">arxiv:2109.12276</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Thai-Hoang Pham, Changchang Yin, Laxmi Mehta, Xueru Zhang, Ping Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Complication risk profiling is a key challenge in the healthcare domain due to the complex interaction between heterogeneous entities (e.g., visit, disease, medication) in clinical data. With the availability of real-world clinical data such as electronic health records and insurance claims, many deep learning methods are proposed for complication risk profiling. However, these existing methods face two open challenges. First, data heterogeneity relates to those methods leveraging clinical data from a single view only while the data can be considered from multiple views (e.g., sequence of clinical visits, set of clinical features). Second, generalized prediction relates to most of those methods focusing on single-task learning, whereas each complication onset is predicted independently, leading to suboptimal models. We propose a multi-view multi-task network (MuViTaNet) for predicting the onset of multiple complications to tackle these issues. In particular, MuViTaNet complements patient representation by using a multi-view encoder to effectively extract information by considering clinical data as both sequences of clinical visits and sets of clinical features. In addition, it leverages additional information from both related labeled and unlabeled datasets to generate more generalized representations by using a new multi-task learning scheme for making more accurate predictions. The experimental results show that MuViTaNet outperforms existing methods for profiling the development of cardiac complications in breast cancer survivors. Furthermore, thanks to its multi-view multi-task architecture, MuViTaNet also provides an effective mechanism for interpreting its predictions in multiple perspectives, thereby helping clinicians discover the underlying mechanism triggering the onset and for making better clinical treatments in real-world scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Algorithmic Information Design in Multi-Player Games: Possibility and Limits in Singleton Congestion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12445">arxiv:2109.12445</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chenghan Zhou, Thanh H. Nguyen, Haifeng Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most algorithmic studies on multi-agent information design so far have focused on the restricted situation with no inter-agent externalities; a few exceptions investigated truly strategic games such as zero-sum games and second-price auctions but have all focused only on optimal public signaling. This paper initiates the algorithmic information design of both \emph{public} and \emph{private} signaling in a fundamental class of games with negative externalities, i.e., singleton congestion games, with wide application in today's digital economy, machine scheduling, routing, etc.
  For both public and private signaling, we show that the optimal information design can be efficiently computed when the number of resources is a constant. To our knowledge, this is the first set of efficient \emph{exact} algorithms for information design in succinctly representable many-player games. Our results hinge on novel techniques such as developing certain ``reduced forms'' to compactly characterize equilibria in public signaling or to represent players' marginal beliefs in private signaling. When there are many resources, we show computational intractability results. To overcome the issue of multiple equilibria, here we introduce a new notion of equilibrium-\emph{oblivious} hardness, which rules out any possibility of computing a good signaling scheme, irrespective of the equilibrium selection rule.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Smart Home Energy Management: Sequence-to-Sequence Load Forecasting and Q-Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12440">arxiv:2109.12440</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mina Razghandi, Hao Zhou, Melike Erol-Kantarci, Damla Turgut</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A smart home energy management system (HEMS) can contribute towards reducing the energy costs of customers; however, HEMS suffers from uncertainty in both energy generation and consumption patterns. In this paper, we propose a sequence to sequence (Seq2Seq) learning-based supply and load prediction along with reinforcement learning-based HEMS control. We investigate how the prediction method affects the HEMS operation. First, we use Seq2Seq learning to predict photovoltaic (PV) power and home devices' load. We then apply Q-learning for offline optimization of HEMS based on the prediction results. Finally, we test the online performance of the trained Q-learning scheme with actual PV and load data. The Seq2Seq learning is compared with VARMA, SVR, and LSTM in both prediction and operation levels. The simulation results show that Seq2Seq performs better with a lower prediction error and online operation performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Equality of opportunity in travel behavior prediction with deep neural networks and discrete choice models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12422">arxiv:2109.12422</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yunhan Zheng, Shenhao Wang, Jinhua Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although researchers increasingly adopt machine learning to model travel behavior, they predominantly focus on prediction accuracy, ignoring the ethical challenges embedded in machine learning algorithms. This study introduces an important missing dimension - computational fairness - to travel behavior analysis. We first operationalize computational fairness by equality of opportunity, then differentiate between the bias inherent in data and the bias introduced by modeling. We then demonstrate the prediction disparities in travel behavior modeling using the 2017 National Household Travel Survey (NHTS) and the 2018-2019 My Daily Travel Survey in Chicago. Empirically, deep neural network (DNN) and discrete choice models (DCM) reveal consistent prediction disparities across multiple social groups: both over-predict the false negative rate of frequent driving for the ethnic minorities, the low-income and the disabled populations, and falsely predict a higher travel burden of the socially disadvantaged groups and the rural populations than reality. Comparing DNN with DCM, we find that DNN can outperform DCM in prediction disparities because of DNN's smaller misspecification error. To mitigate prediction disparities, this study introduces an absolute correlation regularization method, which is evaluated with synthetic and real-world data. The results demonstrate the prevalence of prediction disparities in travel behavior modeling, and the disparities still persist regarding a variety of model specifics such as the number of DNN layers, batch size and weight initialization. Since these prediction disparities can exacerbate social inequity if prediction results without fairness adjustment are used for transportation policy making, we advocate for careful consideration of the fairness problem in travel behavior modeling, and the use of bias mitigation algorithms for fair transport decisions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting Hidden Links and Missing Nodes in Scale-Free Networks with Artificial Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12331">arxiv:2109.12331</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Rakib Hassan Pran, Ljupco Todorovski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There are many networks in real life which exist as form of Scale-free networks such as World Wide Web, protein-protein inter action network, semantic networks, airline networks, interbank payment networks, etc. If we want to analyze these networks, it is really necessary to understand the properties of scale-free networks. By using the properties of scale free networks, we can identify any type of anomalies in those networks. In this research, we proposed a methodology in a form of an algorithm to predict hidden links and missing nodes in scale-free networks where we combined a generator of random networks as a source of train data, on one hand, with artificial neural networks for supervised classification, on the other, we aimed at training the neural networks to discriminate between different subtypes of scale-free networks and predicted the missing nodes and hidden links among (present and missing) nodes in a given scale-free network. We chose Bela Bollobas's directed scale-free random graph generation algorithm as a generator of random networks to generate a large set of scale-free network's data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Constructing Sub-scale Surrogate Model for Proppant Settling in Inclined Fractures from Simulation Data with Multi-fidelity Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12311">arxiv:2109.12311</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pengfei Tang, Junsheng Zeng, Dongxiao Zhang, Heng Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Particle settling in inclined channels is an important phenomenon that occurs during hydraulic fracturing of shale gas production. Generally, in order to accurately simulate the large-scale (field-scale) proppant transport process, constructing a fast and accurate sub-scale proppant settling model, or surrogate model, becomes a critical issue, since mapping between physical parameters and proppant settling velocity is complex. Previously, particle settling has usually been investigated via high-fidelity experiments and meso-scale numerical simulations, both of which are time-consuming. In this work, a new method is proposed and utilized, i.e., the multi-fidelity neural network (MFNN), to construct a settling surrogate model, which could utilize both high-fidelity and low-fidelity (thus, less expensive) data. The results demonstrate that constructing the settling surrogate with the MFNN can reduce the need for high-fidelity data and thus computational cost by 80%, while the accuracy lost is less than 5% compared to a high-fidelity surrogate. Moreover, the investigated particle settling surrogate is applied in macro-scale proppant transport simulation, which shows that the settling model is significant to proppant transport and yields accurate results. This opens novel pathways for rapidly predicting proppant settling velocity in reservoir applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable deeper graph neural networks for high-performance materials property prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12283">arxiv:2109.12283</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sadman Sadeed Omee, Steph-Yves Louis, Nihang Fu, Lai Wei, Sourin Dey, Rongzhi Dong, Qinyang Li, Jianjun Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning (ML) based materials discovery has emerged as one of the most promising approaches for breakthroughs in materials science. While heuristic knowledge based descriptors have been combined with ML algorithms to achieve good performance, the complexity of the physicochemical mechanisms makes it urgently needed to exploit representation learning from either compositions or structures for building highly effective materials machine learning models. Among these methods, the graph neural networks have shown the best performance by its capability to learn high-level features from crystal structures. However, all these models suffer from their inability to scale up the models due to the over-smoothing issue of their message-passing GNN architecture. Here we propose a novel graph attention neural network model DeeperGATGNN with differentiable group normalization and skip-connections, which allows to train very deep graph neural network models (e.g. 30 layers compared to 3-9 layers in previous works). Through systematic benchmark studies over six benchmark datasets for energy and band gap predictions, we show that our scalable DeeperGATGNN model needs little costly hyper-parameter tuning for different datasets and achieves the state-of-the-art prediction performances over five properties out of six with up to 10\% improvement. Our work shows that to deal with the high complexity of mapping the crystal materials structures to their properties, large-scale very deep graph neural networks are needed to achieve robust performances.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CENN: Conservative energy method based on neural networks with subdomains for solving heterogeneous problems involving complex geometries</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.01359">arxiv:2110.01359</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yizheng Wang, Jia Sun, Wei Li, Zaiyuan Lu, Yinghua Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a conservative energy method based on neural networks with subdomains (CENN), where the admissible function satisfying the essential boundary condition without boundary penalty is constructed by the radial basis function (RBF), particular solution neural network, and general neural network. The loss term at the interfaces has the lower order derivative compared to the strong form PINN with subdomains. The advantage of the proposed method is higher efficiency, more accurate, and less hyperparameters than the strong form PINN with subdomains. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can apply to complex geometries based on the special construction of the admissible function. To analyze its performance, the proposed method CENN is used to model representative PDEs, the examples include strong discontinuity, singularity, complex boundary, non-linear, and heterogeneous problems. Furthermore, it outperforms other methods when dealing with heterogeneous problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Overview of the CLEF-2019 CheckThat!: Automatic Identification and Verification of Claims</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.15118">arxiv:2109.15118</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Tamer Elsayed, Preslav Nakov, Alberto Barrón-Cedeño, Maram Hasanain, Reem Suwaileh, Giovanni Da San Martino, Pepa Atanasova</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present an overview of the second edition of the CheckThat! Lab at CLEF 2019. The lab featured two tasks in two different languages: English and Arabic. Task 1 (English) challenged the participating systems to predict which claims in a political debate or speech should be prioritized for fact-checking. Task 2 (Arabic) asked to (A) rank a given set of Web pages with respect to a check-worthy claim based on their usefulness for fact-checking that claim, (B) classify these same Web pages according to their degree of usefulness for fact-checking the target claim, (C) identify useful passages from these pages, and (D) use the useful pages to predict the claim's factuality. CheckThat! provided a full evaluation framework, consisting of data in English (derived from fact-checking sources) and Arabic (gathered and annotated from scratch) and evaluation based on mean average precision (MAP) and normalized discounted cumulative gain (nDCG) for ranking, and F1 for classification. A total of 47 teams registered to participate in this lab, and fourteen of them actually submitted runs (compared to nine last year). The evaluation results show that the most successful approaches to Task 1 used various neural networks and logistic regression. As for Task 2, learning-to-rank was used by the highest scoring runs for subtask A, while different classifiers were used in the other subtasks. We release to the research community all datasets from the lab as well as the evaluation scripts, which should enable further research in the important tasks of check-worthiness estimation and automatic claim verification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>L$^{2}$NAS: Learning to Optimize Neural Architectures via Continuous-Action Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12425">arxiv:2109.12425</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Keith G. Mills, Fred X. Han, Mohammad Salameh, Seyed Saeed Changiz Rezaei, Linglong Kong, Wei Lu, Shuo Lian, Shangling Jui, Di Niu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural architecture search (NAS) has achieved remarkable results in deep neural network design. Differentiable architecture search converts the search over discrete architectures into a hyperparameter optimization problem which can be solved by gradient descent. However, questions have been raised regarding the effectiveness and generalizability of gradient methods for solving non-convex architecture hyperparameter optimization problems. In this paper, we propose L$^{2}$NAS, which learns to intelligently optimize and update architecture hyperparameters via an actor neural network based on the distribution of high-performing architectures in the search history. We introduce a quantile-driven training procedure which efficiently trains L$^{2}$NAS in an actor-critic framework via continuous-action reinforcement learning. Experiments show that L$^{2}$NAS achieves state-of-the-art results on NAS-Bench-201 benchmark as well as DARTS search space and Once-for-All MobileNetV3 search space. We also show that search policies generated by L$^{2}$NAS are generalizable and transferable across different training datasets with minimal fine-tuning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MC$^2$-SF: Slow-Fast Learning for Mobile-Cloud Collaborative Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.12314">arxiv:2109.12314</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Zeyuan Chen, Jiangchao Yao, Feng Wang, Kunyang Jia, Bo Han, Wei Zhang, Hongxia Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the hardware development of mobile devices, it is possible to build the recommendation models on the mobile side to utilize the fine-grained features and the real-time feedbacks. Compared to the straightforward mobile-based modeling appended to the cloud-based modeling, we propose a Slow-Fast learning mechanism to make the Mobile-Cloud Collaborative recommendation (MC$^2$-SF) mutual benefit. Specially, in our MC$^2$-SF, the cloud-based model and the mobile-based model are respectively treated as the slow component and the fast component, according to their interaction frequency in real-world scenarios. During training and serving, they will communicate the prior/privileged knowledge to each other to help better capture the user interests about the candidates, resembling the role of System I and System II in the human cognition. We conduct the extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets and demonstrate the proposed MC$^2$-SF outperforms several state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-09/2021-09-24.md)
