## Summary for 2021-03-04, created on 2021-12-22


<details><summary><b>Perceiver: General Perception with Iterative Attention</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03206">arxiv:2103.03206</a>
&#x1F4C8; 278 <br>
<p>Andrew Jaegle, Felix Gimeno, Andrew Brock, Andrew Zisserman, Oriol Vinyals, Joao Carreira</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Biological systems perceive the world by simultaneously processing high-dimensional inputs from modalities as diverse as vision, audition, touch, proprioception, etc. The perception models used in deep learning on the other hand are designed for individual modalities, often relying on domain-specific assumptions such as the local grid structures exploited by virtually all existing vision models. These priors introduce helpful inductive biases, but also lock models to individual modalities. In this paper we introduce the Perceiver - a model that builds upon Transformers and hence makes few architectural assumptions about the relationship between its inputs, but that also scales to hundreds of thousands of inputs, like ConvNets. The model leverages an asymmetric attention mechanism to iteratively distill inputs into a tight latent bottleneck, allowing it to scale to handle very large inputs. We show that this architecture is competitive with or outperforms strong, specialized models on classification tasks across various modalities: images, point clouds, audio, video, and video+audio. The Perceiver obtains performance comparable to ResNet-50 and ViT on ImageNet without 2D convolutions by directly attending to 50,000 pixels. It is also competitive in all modalities in AudioSet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Barlow Twins: Self-Supervised Learning via Redundancy Reduction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03230">arxiv:2103.03230</a>
&#x1F4C8; 252 <br>
<p>Jure Zbontar, Li Jing, Ishan Misra, Yann LeCun, Stéphane Deny</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-supervised learning (SSL) is rapidly closing the gap with supervised methods on large computer vision benchmarks. A successful approach to SSL is to learn embeddings which are invariant to distortions of the input sample. However, a recurring issue with this approach is the existence of trivial constant solutions. Most current methods avoid such solutions by careful implementation details. We propose an objective function that naturally avoids collapse by measuring the cross-correlation matrix between the outputs of two identical networks fed with distorted versions of a sample, and making it as close to the identity matrix as possible. This causes the embedding vectors of distorted versions of a sample to be similar, while minimizing the redundancy between the components of these vectors. The method is called Barlow Twins, owing to neuroscientist H. Barlow's redundancy-reduction principle applied to a pair of identical networks. Barlow Twins does not require large batches nor asymmetry between the network twins such as a predictor network, gradient stopping, or a moving average on the weight updates. Intriguingly it benefits from very high-dimensional output vectors. Barlow Twins outperforms previous methods on ImageNet for semi-supervised classification in the low-data regime, and is on par with current state of the art for ImageNet classification with a linear classifier head, and for transfer tasks of classification and object detection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Of Moments and Matching: A Game-Theoretic Framework for Closing the Imitation Gap</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03236">arxiv:2103.03236</a>
&#x1F4C8; 44 <br>
<p>Gokul Swamy, Sanjiban Choudhury, J. Andrew Bagnell, Zhiwei Steven Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We provide a unifying view of a large family of previous imitation learning algorithms through the lens of moment matching. At its core, our classification scheme is based on whether the learner attempts to match (1) reward or (2) action-value moments of the expert's behavior, with each option leading to differing algorithmic approaches. By considering adversarially chosen divergences between learner and expert behavior, we are able to derive bounds on policy performance that apply for all algorithms in each of these classes, the first to our knowledge. We also introduce the notion of moment recoverability, implicit in many previous analyses of imitation learning, which allows us to cleanly delineate how well each algorithmic family is able to mitigate compounding errors. We derive three novel algorithm templates (AdVIL, AdRIL, and DAeQuIL) with strong guarantees, simple implementation, and competitive empirical performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Remember What You Want to Forget: Algorithms for Machine Unlearning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03279">arxiv:2103.03279</a>
&#x1F4C8; 34 <br>
<p>Ayush Sekhari, Jayadev Acharya, Gautam Kamath, Ananda Theertha Suresh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of unlearning datapoints from a learnt model. The learner first receives a dataset $S$ drawn i.i.d. from an unknown distribution, and outputs a model $\widehat{w}$ that performs well on unseen samples from the same distribution. However, at some point in the future, any training datapoint $z \in S$ can request to be unlearned, thus prompting the learner to modify its output model while still ensuring the same accuracy guarantees. We initiate a rigorous study of generalization in machine unlearning, where the goal is to perform well on previously unseen datapoints. Our focus is on both computational and storage complexity.
  For the setting of convex losses, we provide an unlearning algorithm that can unlearn up to $O(n/d^{1/4})$ samples, where $d$ is the problem dimension. In comparison, in general, differentially private learning (which implies unlearning) only guarantees deletion of $O(n/d^{1/2})$ samples. This demonstrates a novel separation between differential privacy and machine unlearning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-supervised Geometric Perception</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03114">arxiv:2103.03114</a>
&#x1F4C8; 21 <br>
<p>Heng Yang, Wei Dong, Luca Carlone, Vladlen Koltun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present self-supervised geometric perception (SGP), the first general framework to learn a feature descriptor for correspondence matching without any ground-truth geometric model labels (e.g., camera poses, rigid transformations). Our first contribution is to formulate geometric perception as an optimization problem that jointly optimizes the feature descriptor and the geometric models given a large corpus of visual measurements (e.g., images, point clouds). Under this optimization formulation, we show that two important streams of research in vision, namely robust model fitting and deep feature learning, correspond to optimizing one block of the unknown variables while fixing the other block. This analysis naturally leads to our second contribution -- the SGP algorithm that performs alternating minimization to solve the joint optimization. SGP iteratively executes two meta-algorithms: a teacher that performs robust model fitting given learned features to generate geometric pseudo-labels, and a student that performs deep feature learning under noisy supervision of the pseudo-labels. As a third contribution, we apply SGP to two perception problems on large-scale real datasets, namely relative camera pose estimation on MegaDepth and point cloud registration on 3DMatch. We demonstrate that SGP achieves state-of-the-art performance that is on-par or superior to the supervised oracles trained using ground-truth labels.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An empirical analysis of phrase-based and neural machine translation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03108">arxiv:2103.03108</a>
&#x1F4C8; 16 <br>
<p>Hamidreza Ghader</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Two popular types of machine translation (MT) are phrase-based and neural machine translation systems. Both of these types of systems are composed of multiple complex models or layers. Each of these models and layers learns different linguistic aspects of the source language. However, for some of these models and layers, it is not clear which linguistic phenomena are learned or how this information is learned. For phrase-based MT systems, it is often clear what information is learned by each model, and the question is rather how this information is learned, especially for its phrase reordering model. For neural machine translation systems, the situation is even more complex, since for many cases it is not exactly clear what information is learned and how it is learned.
  To shed light on what linguistic phenomena are captured by MT systems, we analyze the behavior of important models in both phrase-based and neural MT systems. We consider phrase reordering models from phrase-based MT systems to investigate which words from inside of a phrase have the biggest impact on defining the phrase reordering behavior. Additionally, to contribute to the interpretability of neural MT systems we study the behavior of the attention model, which is a key component in neural MT systems and the closest model in functionality to phrase reordering models in phrase-based systems. The attention model together with the encoder hidden state representations form the main components to encode source side linguistic information in neural MT. To this end, we also analyze the information captured in the encoder hidden state representations of a neural MT system. We investigate the extent to which syntactic and lexical-semantic information from the source side is captured by hidden state representations of different neural MT architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>WaveGuard: Understanding and Mitigating Audio Adversarial Examples</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03344">arxiv:2103.03344</a>
&#x1F4C8; 12 <br>
<p>Shehzeen Hussain, Paarth Neekhara, Shlomo Dubnov, Julian McAuley, Farinaz Koushanfar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There has been a recent surge in adversarial attacks on deep learning based automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems. These attacks pose new challenges to deep learning security and have raised significant concerns in deploying ASR systems in safety-critical applications. In this work, we introduce WaveGuard: a framework for detecting adversarial inputs that are crafted to attack ASR systems. Our framework incorporates audio transformation functions and analyses the ASR transcriptions of the original and transformed audio to detect adversarial inputs. We demonstrate that our defense framework is able to reliably detect adversarial examples constructed by four recent audio adversarial attacks, with a variety of audio transformation functions. With careful regard for best practices in defense evaluations, we analyze our proposed defense and its strength to withstand adaptive and robust attacks in the audio domain. We empirically demonstrate that audio transformations that recover audio from perceptually informed representations can lead to a strong defense that is robust against an adaptive adversary even in a complete white-box setting. Furthermore, WaveGuard can be used out-of-the box and integrated directly with any ASR model to efficiently detect audio adversarial examples, without the need for model retraining.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Continuous Coordination As a Realistic Scenario for Lifelong Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03216">arxiv:2103.03216</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Hadi Nekoei, Akilesh Badrinaaraayanan, Aaron Courville, Sarath Chandar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Current deep reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms are still highly task-specific and lack the ability to generalize to new environments. Lifelong learning (LLL), however, aims at solving multiple tasks sequentially by efficiently transferring and using knowledge between tasks. Despite a surge of interest in lifelong RL in recent years, the lack of a realistic testbed makes robust evaluation of LLL algorithms difficult. Multi-agent RL (MARL), on the other hand, can be seen as a natural scenario for lifelong RL due to its inherent non-stationarity, since the agents' policies change over time. In this work, we introduce a multi-agent lifelong learning testbed that supports both zero-shot and few-shot settings. Our setup is based on Hanabi -- a partially-observable, fully cooperative multi-agent game that has been shown to be challenging for zero-shot coordination. Its large strategy space makes it a desirable environment for lifelong RL tasks. We evaluate several recent MARL methods, and benchmark state-of-the-art LLL algorithms in limited memory and computation regimes to shed light on their strengths and weaknesses. This continual learning paradigm also provides us with a pragmatic way of going beyond centralized training which is the most commonly used training protocol in MARL. We empirically show that the agents trained in our setup are able to coordinate well with unseen agents, without any additional assumptions made by previous works. The code and all pre-trained models are available at https://github.com/chandar-lab/Lifelong-Hanabi.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Structural Causal Model for MR Images of Multiple Sclerosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03158">arxiv:2103.03158</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Jacob C. Reinhold, Aaron Carass, Jerry L. Prince</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Precision medicine involves answering counterfactual questions such as "Would this patient respond better to treatment A or treatment B?" These types of questions are causal in nature and require the tools of causal inference to be answered, e.g., with a structural causal model (SCM). In this work, we develop an SCM that models the interaction between demographic information, disease covariates, and magnetic resonance (MR) images of the brain for people with multiple sclerosis. Inference in the SCM generates counterfactual images that show what an MR image of the brain would look like if demographic or disease covariates are changed. These images can be used for modeling disease progression or used for image processing tasks where controlling for confounders is necessary.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Advances in Multi-turn Dialogue Comprehension: A Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03125">arxiv:2103.03125</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Zhuosheng Zhang, Hai Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Training machines to understand natural language and interact with humans is an elusive and essential task of artificial intelligence. A diversity of dialogue systems has been designed with the rapid development of deep learning techniques, especially the recent pre-trained language models (PrLMs). Among these studies, the fundamental yet challenging type of task is dialogue comprehension whose role is to teach the machines to read and comprehend the dialogue context before responding. In this paper, we review the previous methods from the technical perspective of dialogue modeling for the dialogue comprehension task. We summarize the characteristics and challenges of dialogue comprehension in contrast to plain-text reading comprehension. Then, we discuss three typical patterns of dialogue modeling. In addition, we categorize dialogue-related pre-training techniques which are employed to enhance PrLMs in dialogue scenarios. Finally, we highlight the technical advances in recent years and point out the lessons from the empirical analysis and the prospects towards a new frontier of researches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Computational Efficiency in Visual Reinforcement Learning via Stored Embeddings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02886">arxiv:2103.02886</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Lili Chen, Kimin Lee, Aravind Srinivas, Pieter Abbeel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances in off-policy deep reinforcement learning (RL) have led to impressive success in complex tasks from visual observations. Experience replay improves sample-efficiency by reusing experiences from the past, and convolutional neural networks (CNNs) process high-dimensional inputs effectively. However, such techniques demand high memory and computational bandwidth. In this paper, we present Stored Embeddings for Efficient Reinforcement Learning (SEER), a simple modification of existing off-policy RL methods, to address these computational and memory requirements. To reduce the computational overhead of gradient updates in CNNs, we freeze the lower layers of CNN encoders early in training due to early convergence of their parameters. Additionally, we reduce memory requirements by storing the low-dimensional latent vectors for experience replay instead of high-dimensional images, enabling an adaptive increase in the replay buffer capacity, a useful technique in constrained-memory settings. In our experiments, we show that SEER does not degrade the performance of RL agents while significantly saving computation and memory across a diverse set of DeepMind Control environments and Atari games.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PointGuard: Provably Robust 3D Point Cloud Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03046">arxiv:2103.03046</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Hongbin Liu, Jinyuan Jia, Neil Zhenqiang Gong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** 3D point cloud classification has many safety-critical applications such as autonomous driving and robotic grasping. However, several studies showed that it is vulnerable to adversarial attacks. In particular, an attacker can make a classifier predict an incorrect label for a 3D point cloud via carefully modifying, adding, and/or deleting a small number of its points. Randomized smoothing is state-of-the-art technique to build certifiably robust 2D image classifiers. However, when applied to 3D point cloud classification, randomized smoothing can only certify robustness against adversarially modified points.
  In this work, we propose PointGuard, the first defense that has provable robustness guarantees against adversarially modified, added, and/or deleted points. Specifically, given a 3D point cloud and an arbitrary point cloud classifier, our PointGuard first creates multiple subsampled point clouds, each of which contains a random subset of the points in the original point cloud; then our PointGuard predicts the label of the original point cloud as the majority vote among the labels of the subsampled point clouds predicted by the point cloud classifier. Our first major theoretical contribution is that we show PointGuard provably predicts the same label for a 3D point cloud when the number of adversarially modified, added, and/or deleted points is bounded. Our second major theoretical contribution is that we prove the tightness of our derived bound when no assumptions on the point cloud classifier are made. Moreover, we design an efficient algorithm to compute our certified robustness guarantees. We also empirically evaluate PointGuard on ModelNet40 and ScanNet benchmark datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Measuring Model Biases in the Absence of Ground Truth</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03417">arxiv:2103.03417</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Osman Aka, Ken Burke, Alex Bäuerle, Christina Greer, Margaret Mitchell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The measurement of bias in machine learning often focuses on model performance across identity subgroups (such as man and woman) with respect to groundtruth labels. However, these methods do not directly measure the associations that a model may have learned, for example between labels and identity subgroups. Further, measuring a model's bias requires a fully annotated evaluation dataset which may not be easily available in practice. We present an elegant mathematical solution that tackles both issues simultaneously, using image classification as a working example. By treating a classification model's predictions for a given image as a set of labels analogous to a bag of words, we rank the biases that a model has learned with respect to different identity labels. We use (man, woman) as a concrete example of an identity label set (although this set need not be binary), and present rankings for the labels that are most biased towards one identity or the other. We demonstrate how the statistical properties of different association metrics can lead to different rankings of the most "gender biased" labels, and conclude that normalized pointwise mutual information (nPMI) is most useful in practice. Finally, we announce an open-sourced nPMI visualization tool using TensorBoard.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Revisiting Priority $k$-Center: Fairness and Outliers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03337">arxiv:2103.03337</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Tanvi Bajpai, Deeparnab Chakrabarty, Chandra Chekuri, Maryam Negahbani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the Priority $k$-Center problem, the input consists of a metric space $(X,d)$, an integer $k$ and for each point $v \in X$ a priority radius $r(v)$. The goal is to choose $k$-centers $S \subseteq X$ to minimize $\max_{v \in X} \frac{1}{r(v)} d(v,S)$. If all $r(v)$'s were uniform, one obtains the classical $k$-center problem. Plesník [Plesník, Disc. Appl. Math. 1987] introduced this problem and gave a $2$-approximation algorithm matching the best possible algorithm for vanilla $k$-center. We show how the problem is related to two different notions of fair clustering [Harris et al., NeurIPS 2018; Jung et al., FORC 2020]. Motivated by these developments we revisit the problem and, in our main technical contribution, develop a framework that yields constant factor approximation algorithms for Priority $k$-Center with outliers. Our framework extends to generalizations of Priority $k$-Center to matroid and knapsack constraints, and as a corollary, also yields algorithms with fairness guarantees in the lottery model of Harris et al.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Gaze-contingent decoding of human navigation intention on an autonomous wheelchair platform</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03072">arxiv:2103.03072</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Mahendran Subramanian, Suhyung Park, Pavel Orlov, Ali Shafti, A. Aldo Faisal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We have pioneered the Where-You-Look-Is Where-You-Go approach to controlling mobility platforms by decoding how the user looks at the environment to understand where they want to navigate their mobility device. However, many natural eye-movements are not relevant for action intention decoding, only some are, which places a challenge on decoding, the so-called Midas Touch Problem. Here, we present a new solution, consisting of 1. deep computer vision to understand what object a user is looking at in their field of view, with 2. an analysis of where on the object's bounding box the user is looking, to 3. use a simple machine learning classifier to determine whether the overt visual attention on the object is predictive of a navigation intention to that object. Our decoding system ultimately determines whether the user wants to drive to e.g., a door or just looks at it. Crucially, we find that when users look at an object and imagine they were moving towards it, the resulting eye-movements from this motor imagery (akin to neural interfaces) remain decodable. Once a driving intention and thus also the location is detected our system instructs our autonomous wheelchair platform, the A.Eye-Drive, to navigate to the desired object while avoiding static and moving obstacles. Thus, for navigation purposes, we have realised a cognitive-level human interface, as it requires the user only to cognitively interact with the desired goal, not to continuously steer their wheelchair to the target (low-level human interfacing).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Inverse Reinforcement Learning with Explicit Policy Estimates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02863">arxiv:2103.02863</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Navyata Sanghvi, Shinnosuke Usami, Mohit Sharma, Joachim Groeger, Kris Kitani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Various methods for solving the inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) problem have been developed independently in machine learning and economics. In particular, the method of Maximum Causal Entropy IRL is based on the perspective of entropy maximization, while related advances in the field of economics instead assume the existence of unobserved action shocks to explain expert behavior (Nested Fixed Point Algorithm, Conditional Choice Probability method, Nested Pseudo-Likelihood Algorithm). In this work, we make previously unknown connections between these related methods from both fields. We achieve this by showing that they all belong to a class of optimization problems, characterized by a common form of the objective, the associated policy and the objective gradient. We demonstrate key computational and algorithmic differences which arise between the methods due to an approximation of the optimal soft value function, and describe how this leads to more efficient algorithms. Using insights which emerge from our study of this class of optimization problems, we identify various problem scenarios and investigate each method's suitability for these problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>IOT: Instance-wise Layer Reordering for Transformer Structures</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03457">arxiv:2103.03457</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Jinhua Zhu, Lijun Wu, Yingce Xia, Shufang Xie, Tao Qin, Wengang Zhou, Houqiang Li, Tie-Yan Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With sequentially stacked self-attention, (optional) encoder-decoder attention, and feed-forward layers, Transformer achieves big success in natural language processing (NLP), and many variants have been proposed. Currently, almost all these models assume that the layer order is fixed and kept the same across data samples. We observe that different data samples actually favor different orders of the layers. Based on this observation, in this work, we break the assumption of the fixed layer order in the Transformer and introduce instance-wise layer reordering into the model structure. Our Instance-wise Ordered Transformer (IOT) can model variant functions by reordered layers, which enables each sample to select the better one to improve the model performance under the constraint of almost the same number of parameters. To achieve this, we introduce a light predictor with negligible parameter and inference cost to decide the most capable and favorable layer order for any input sequence. Experiments on 3 tasks (neural machine translation, abstractive summarization, and code generation) and 9 datasets demonstrate consistent improvements of our method. We further show that our method can also be applied to other architectures beyond Transformer. Our code is released at Github.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Defending Medical Image Diagnostics against Privacy Attacks using Generative Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03078">arxiv:2103.03078</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>William Paul, Yinzhi Cao, Miaomiao Zhang, Phil Burlina</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning (ML) models used in medical imaging diagnostics can be vulnerable to a variety of privacy attacks, including membership inference attacks, that lead to violations of regulations governing the use of medical data and threaten to compromise their effective deployment in the clinic. In contrast to most recent work in privacy-aware ML that has been focused on model alteration and post-processing steps, we propose here a novel and complementary scheme that enhances the security of medical data by controlling the data sharing process. We develop and evaluate a privacy defense protocol based on using a generative adversarial network (GAN) that allows a medical data sourcer (e.g. a hospital) to provide an external agent (a modeler) a proxy dataset synthesized from the original images, so that the resulting diagnostic systems made available to model consumers is rendered resilient to privacy attackers. We validate the proposed method on retinal diagnostics AI used for diabetic retinopathy that bears the risk of possibly leaking private information. To incorporate concerns of both privacy advocates and modelers, we introduce a metric to evaluate privacy and utility performance in combination, and demonstrate, using these novel and classical metrics, that our approach, by itself or in conjunction with other defenses, provides state of the art (SOTA) performance for defending against privacy attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Neural Text-to-Speech Model Utilizing Broadcast Data Mixed with Background Music</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03049">arxiv:2103.03049</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Hanbin Bae, Jae-Sung Bae, Young-Sun Joo, Young-Ik Kim, Hoon-Young Cho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, it has become easier to obtain speech data from various media such as the internet or YouTube, but directly utilizing them to train a neural text-to-speech (TTS) model is difficult. The proportion of clean speech is insufficient and the remainder includes background music. Even with the global style token (GST). Therefore, we propose the following method to successfully train an end-to-end TTS model with limited broadcast data. First, the background music is removed from the speech by introducing a music filter. Second, the GST-TTS model with an auxiliary quality classifier is trained with the filtered speech and a small amount of clean speech. In particular, the quality classifier makes the embedding vector of the GST layer focus on representing the speech quality (filtered or clean) of the input speech. The experimental results verified that the proposed method synthesized much more high-quality speech than conventional methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lost in Pruning: The Effects of Pruning Neural Networks beyond Test Accuracy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03014">arxiv:2103.03014</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Lucas Liebenwein, Cenk Baykal, Brandon Carter, David Gifford, Daniela Rus</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural network pruning is a popular technique used to reduce the inference costs of modern, potentially overparameterized, networks. Starting from a pre-trained network, the process is as follows: remove redundant parameters, retrain, and repeat while maintaining the same test accuracy. The result is a model that is a fraction of the size of the original with comparable predictive performance (test accuracy). Here, we reassess and evaluate whether the use of test accuracy alone in the terminating condition is sufficient to ensure that the resulting model performs well across a wide spectrum of "harder" metrics such as generalization to out-of-distribution data and resilience to noise. Across evaluations on varying architectures and data sets, we find that pruned networks effectively approximate the unpruned model, however, the prune ratio at which pruned networks achieve commensurate performance varies significantly across tasks. These results call into question the extent of \emph{genuine} overparameterization in deep learning and raise concerns about the practicability of deploying pruned networks, specifically in the context of safety-critical systems, unless they are widely evaluated beyond test accuracy to reliably predict their performance. Our code is available at https://github.com/lucaslie/torchprune.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Representation Matters: Assessing the Importance of Subgroup Allocations in Training Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03399">arxiv:2103.03399</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Esther Rolf, Theodora Worledge, Benjamin Recht, Michael I. Jordan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Collecting more diverse and representative training data is often touted as a remedy for the disparate performance of machine learning predictors across subpopulations. However, a precise framework for understanding how dataset properties like diversity affect learning outcomes is largely lacking. By casting data collection as part of the learning process, we demonstrate that diverse representation in training data is key not only to increasing subgroup performances, but also to achieving population level objectives. Our analysis and experiments describe how dataset compositions influence performance and provide constructive results for using trends in existing data, alongside domain knowledge, to help guide intentional, objective-aware dataset design.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rover Relocalization for Mars Sample Return by Virtual Template Synthesis and Matching</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03395">arxiv:2103.03395</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Tu-Hoa Pham, William Seto, Shreyansh Daftry, Barry Ridge, Johanna Hansen, Tristan Thrush, Mark Van der Merwe, Gerard Maggiolino, Alexander Brinkman, John Mayo, Yang Cheng, Curtis Padgett, Eric Kulczycki, Renaud Detry</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of rover relocalization in the context of the notional Mars Sample Return campaign. In this campaign, a rover (R1) needs to be capable of autonomously navigating and localizing itself within an area of approximately 50 x 50 m using reference images collected years earlier by another rover (R0). We propose a visual localizer that exhibits robustness to the relatively barren terrain that we expect to find in relevant areas, and to large lighting and viewpoint differences between R0 and R1. The localizer synthesizes partial renderings of a mesh built from reference R0 images and matches those to R1 images. We evaluate our method on a dataset totaling 2160 images covering the range of expected environmental conditions (terrain, lighting, approach angle). Experimental results show the effectiveness of our approach. This work informs the Mars Sample Return campaign on the choice of a site where Perseverance (R0) will place a set of sample tubes for future retrieval by another rover (R1).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SpectralDefense: Detecting Adversarial Attacks on CNNs in the Fourier Domain</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03000">arxiv:2103.03000</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Paula Harder, Franz-Josef Pfreundt, Margret Keuper, Janis Keuper</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the success of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in many computer vision and image analysis tasks, they remain vulnerable against so-called adversarial attacks: Small, crafted perturbations in the input images can lead to false predictions. A possible defense is to detect adversarial examples. In this work, we show how analysis in the Fourier domain of input images and feature maps can be used to distinguish benign test samples from adversarial images. We propose two novel detection methods: Our first method employs the magnitude spectrum of the input images to detect an adversarial attack. This simple and robust classifier can successfully detect adversarial perturbations of three commonly used attack methods. The second method builds upon the first and additionally extracts the phase of Fourier coefficients of feature-maps at different layers of the network. With this extension, we are able to improve adversarial detection rates compared to state-of-the-art detectors on five different attack methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Gemini: Dynamic Bias Correction for Autonomous Experimentation and Molecular Simulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03391">arxiv:2103.03391</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Riley J. Hickman, Florian Häse, Loïc M. Roch, Alán Aspuru-Guzik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian optimization has emerged as a powerful strategy to accelerate scientific discovery by means of autonomous experimentation. However, expensive measurements are required to accurately estimate materials properties, and can quickly become a hindrance to exhaustive materials discovery campaigns. Here, we introduce Gemini: a data-driven model capable of using inexpensive measurements as proxies for expensive measurements by correcting systematic biases between property evaluation methods. We recommend using Gemini for regression tasks with sparse data and in an autonomous workflow setting where its predictions of expensive to evaluate objectives can be used to construct a more informative acquisition function, thus reducing the number of expensive evaluations an optimizer needs to achieve desired target values. In a regression setting, we showcase the ability of our method to make accurate predictions of DFT calculated bandgaps of hybrid organic-inorganic perovskite materials. We further demonstrate the benefits that Gemini provides to autonomous workflows by augmenting the Bayesian optimizer Phoenics to yeild a scalable optimization framework leveraging multiple sources of measurement. Finally, we simulate an autonomous materials discovery platform for optimizing the activity of electrocatalysts for the oxygen evolution reaction. Realizing autonomous workflows with Gemini, we show that the number of measurements of a composition space comprising expensive and rare metals needed to achieve a target overpotential is significantly reduced when measurements from a proxy composition system with less expensive metals are available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Effective Loss Function for Generating 3D Models from Single 2D Image without Rendering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03390">arxiv:2103.03390</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Nikola Zubić, Pietro Liò</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Differentiable rendering is a very successful technique that applies to a Single-View 3D Reconstruction. Current renderers use losses based on pixels between a rendered image of some 3D reconstructed object and ground-truth images from given matched viewpoints to optimise parameters of the 3D shape.
  These models require a rendering step, along with visibility handling and evaluation of the shading model. The main goal of this paper is to demonstrate that we can avoid these steps and still get reconstruction results as other state-of-the-art models that are equal or even better than existing category-specific reconstruction methods. First, we use the same CNN architecture for the prediction of a point cloud shape and pose prediction like the one used by Insafutdinov & Dosovitskiy. Secondly, we propose the novel effective loss function that evaluates how well the projections of reconstructed 3D point clouds cover the ground truth object's silhouette. Then we use Poisson Surface Reconstruction to transform the reconstructed point cloud into a 3D mesh. Finally, we perform a GAN-based texture mapping on a particular 3D mesh and produce a textured 3D mesh from a single 2D image. We evaluate our method on different datasets (including ShapeNet, CUB-200-2011, and Pascal3D+) and achieve state-of-the-art results, outperforming all the other supervised and unsupervised methods and 3D representations, all in terms of performance, accuracy, and training time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Universal Representation for Code</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03116">arxiv:2103.03116</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Linfeng Liu, Hoan Nguyen, George Karypis, Srinivasan Sengamedu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning from source code usually requires a large amount of labeled data. Despite the possible scarcity of labeled data, the trained model is highly task-specific and lacks transferability to different tasks. In this work, we present effective pre-training strategies on top of a novel graph-based code representation, to produce universal representations for code. Specifically, our graph-based representation captures important semantics between code elements (e.g., control flow and data flow). We pre-train graph neural networks on the representation to extract universal code properties. The pre-trained model then enables the possibility of fine-tuning to support various downstream applications. We evaluate our model on two real-world datasets -- spanning over 30M Java methods and 770K Python methods. Through visualization, we reveal discriminative properties in our universal code representation. By comparing multiple benchmarks, we demonstrate that the proposed framework achieves state-of-the-art results on method name prediction and code graph link prediction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Memory-Efficient Network for Large-scale Video Compressive Sensing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03089">arxiv:2103.03089</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Ziheng Cheng, Bo Chen, Guanliang Liu, Hao Zhang, Ruiying Lu, Zhengjue Wang, Xin Yuan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video snapshot compressive imaging (SCI) captures a sequence of video frames in a single shot using a 2D detector. The underlying principle is that during one exposure time, different masks are imposed on the high-speed scene to form a compressed measurement. With the knowledge of masks, optimization algorithms or deep learning methods are employed to reconstruct the desired high-speed video frames from this snapshot measurement. Unfortunately, though these methods can achieve decent results, the long running time of optimization algorithms or huge training memory occupation of deep networks still preclude them in practical applications. In this paper, we develop a memory-efficient network for large-scale video SCI based on multi-group reversible 3D convolutional neural networks. In addition to the basic model for the grayscale SCI system, we take one step further to combine demosaicing and SCI reconstruction to directly recover color video from Bayer measurements. Extensive results on both simulation and real data captured by SCI cameras demonstrate that our proposed model outperforms previous state-of-the-art with less memory and thus can be used in large-scale problems. The code is at https://github.com/BoChenGroup/RevSCI-net.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring the Assessment List for Trustworthy AI in the Context of Advanced Driver-Assistance Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.09051">arxiv:2103.09051</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Markus Borg, Joshua Bronson, Linus Christensson, Fredrik Olsson, Olof Lennartsson, Elias Sonnsjö, Hamid Ebabi, Martin Karsberg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial Intelligence (AI) is increasingly used in critical applications. Thus, the need for dependable AI systems is rapidly growing. In 2018, the European Commission appointed experts to a High-Level Expert Group on AI (AI-HLEG). AI-HLEG defined Trustworthy AI as 1) lawful, 2) ethical, and 3) robust and specified seven corresponding key requirements. To help development organizations, AI-HLEG recently published the Assessment List for Trustworthy AI (ALTAI). We present an illustrative case study from applying ALTAI to an ongoing development project of an Advanced Driver-Assistance System (ADAS) that relies on Machine Learning (ML). Our experience shows that ALTAI is largely applicable to ADAS development, but specific parts related to human agency and transparency can be disregarded. Moreover, bigger questions related to societal and environmental impact cannot be tackled by an ADAS supplier in isolation. We present how we plan to develop the ADAS to ensure ALTAI-compliance. Finally, we provide three recommendations for the next revision of ALTAI, i.e., life-cycle variants, domain-specific adaptations, and removed redundancy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BM3D vs 2-Layer ONN</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03060">arxiv:2103.03060</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Junaid Malik, Serkan Kiranyaz, Mehmet Yamac, Moncef Gabbouj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite their recent success on image denoising, the need for deep and complex architectures still hinders the practical usage of CNNs. Older but computationally more efficient methods such as BM3D remain a popular choice, especially in resource-constrained scenarios. In this study, we aim to find out whether compact neural networks can learn to produce competitive results as compared to BM3D for AWGN image denoising. To this end, we configure networks with only two hidden layers and employ different neuron models and layer widths for comparing the performance with BM3D across different AWGN noise levels. Our results conclusively show that the recently proposed self-organized variant of operational neural networks based on a generative neuron model (Self-ONNs) is not only a better choice as compared to CNNs, but also provide competitive results as compared to BM3D and even significantly surpass it for high noise levels.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detecting Spurious Correlations with Sanity Tests for Artificial Intelligence Guided Radiology Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03048">arxiv:2103.03048</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Usman Mahmood, Robik Shrestha, David D. B. Bates, Lorenzo Mannelli, Giuseppe Corrias, Yusuf Erdi, Christopher Kanan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial intelligence (AI) has been successful at solving numerous problems in machine perception. In radiology, AI systems are rapidly evolving and show progress in guiding treatment decisions, diagnosing, localizing disease on medical images, and improving radiologists' efficiency. A critical component to deploying AI in radiology is to gain confidence in a developed system's efficacy and safety. The current gold standard approach is to conduct an analytical validation of performance on a generalization dataset from one or more institutions, followed by a clinical validation study of the system's efficacy during deployment. Clinical validation studies are time-consuming, and best practices dictate limited re-use of analytical validation data, so it is ideal to know ahead of time if a system is likely to fail analytical or clinical validation. In this paper, we describe a series of sanity tests to identify when a system performs well on development data for the wrong reasons. We illustrate the sanity tests' value by designing a deep learning system to classify pancreatic cancer seen in computed tomography scans.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analysing Wideband Absorbance Immittance in Normal and Ears with Otitis Media with Effusion Using Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02982">arxiv:2103.02982</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Emad M. Grais, Xiaoya Wang, Jie Wang, Fei Zhao, Wen Jiang, Yuexin Cai, Lifang Zhang, Qingwen Lin, Haidi Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Wideband Absorbance Immittance (WAI) has been available for more than a decade, however its clinical use still faces the challenges of limited understanding and poor interpretation of WAI results. This study aimed to develop Machine Learning (ML) tools to identify the WAI absorbance characteristics across different frequency-pressure regions in the normal middle ear and ears with otitis media with effusion (OME) to enable diagnosis of middle ear conditions automatically. Data analysis including pre-processing of the WAI data, statistical analysis and classification model development, together with key regions extraction from the 2D frequency-pressure WAI images are conducted in this study. Our experimental results show that ML tools appear to hold great potential for the automated diagnosis of middle ear diseases from WAI data. The identified key regions in the WAI provide guidance to practitioners to better understand and interpret WAI data and offer the prospect of quick and accurate diagnostic decisions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the privacy-utility trade-off in differentially private hierarchical text classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02895">arxiv:2103.02895</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Dominik Wunderlich, Daniel Bernau, Francesco Aldà, Javier Parra-Arnau, Thorsten Strufe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hierarchical text classification consists in classifying text documents into a hierarchy of classes and sub-classes. Although artificial neural networks have proved useful to perform this task, unfortunately they can leak training data information to adversaries due to training data memorization. Using differential privacy during model training can mitigate leakage attacks against trained models, enabling the models to be shared safely at the cost of reduced model accuracy. This work investigates the privacy-utility trade-off in hierarchical text classification with differential privacy guarantees, and identifies neural network architectures that offer superior trade-offs. To this end, we use a white-box membership inference attack to empirically assess the information leakage of three widely used neural network architectures. We show that large differential privacy parameters already suffice to completely mitigate membership inference attacks, thus resulting only in a moderate decrease in model utility. More specifically, for large datasets with long texts we observed Transformer-based models to achieve an overall favorable privacy-utility trade-off, while for smaller datasets with shorter texts convolutional neural networks are preferable.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robustness Evaluation of Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks using Metamorphic Testing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02870">arxiv:2103.02870</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hyejin Park, Taaha Waseem, Wen Qi Teo, Ying Hwei Low, Mei Kuan Lim, Chun Yong Chong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Synthesising photo-realistic images from natural language is one of the challenging problems in computer vision. Over the past decade, a number of approaches have been proposed, of which the improved Stacked Generative Adversarial Network (StackGAN-v2) has proven capable of generating high resolution images that reflect the details specified in the input text descriptions. In this paper, we aim to assess the robustness and fault-tolerance capability of the StackGAN-v2 model by introducing variations in the training data. However, due to the working principle of Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), it is difficult to predict the output of the model when the training data are modified. Hence, in this work, we adopt Metamorphic Testing technique to evaluate the robustness of the model with a variety of unexpected training dataset. As such, we first implement StackGAN-v2 algorithm and test the pre-trained model provided by the original authors to establish a ground truth for our experiments. We then identify a metamorphic relation, from which test cases are generated. Further, metamorphic relations were derived successively based on the observations of prior test results. Finally, we synthesise the results from our experiment of all the metamorphic relations and found that StackGAN-v2 algorithm is susceptible to input images with obtrusive objects, even if it overlaps with the main object minimally, which was not reported by the authors and users of StackGAN-v2 model. The proposed metamorphic relations can be applied to other text-to-image synthesis models to not only verify the robustness but also to help researchers understand and interpret the results made by the machine learning models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unintended Effects on Adaptive Learning Rate for Training Neural Network with Output Scale Change</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03466">arxiv:2103.03466</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ryuichi Kanoh, Mahito Sugiyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A multiplicative constant scaling factor is often applied to the model output to adjust the dynamics of neural network parameters. This has been used as one of the key interventions in an empirical study of lazy and active behavior. However, we show that the combination of such scaling and a commonly used adaptive learning rate optimizer strongly affects the training behavior of the neural network. This is problematic as it can cause \emph{unintended behavior} of neural networks, resulting in the misinterpretation of experimental results. Specifically, for some scaling settings, the effect of the adaptive learning rate disappears or is strongly influenced by the scaling factor. To avoid the unintended effect, we present a modification of an optimization algorithm and demonstrate remarkable differences between adaptive learning rate optimization and simple gradient descent, especially with a small ($<1.0$) scaling factor.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Vicinal and categorical domain adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03460">arxiv:2103.03460</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hui Tang, Kui Jia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised domain adaptation aims to learn a task classifier that performs well on the unlabeled target domain, by utilizing the labeled source domain. Inspiring results have been acquired by learning domain-invariant deep features via domain-adversarial training. However, its parallel design of task and domain classifiers limits the ability to achieve a finer category-level domain alignment. To promote categorical domain adaptation (CatDA), based on a joint category-domain classifier, we propose novel losses of adversarial training at both domain and category levels. Since the joint classifier can be regarded as a concatenation of individual task classifiers respectively for the two domains, our design principle is to enforce consistency of category predictions between the two task classifiers. Moreover, we propose a concept of vicinal domains whose instances are produced by a convex combination of pairs of instances respectively from the two domains. Intuitively, alignment of the possibly infinite number of vicinal domains enhances that of original domains. We propose novel adversarial losses for vicinal domain adaptation (VicDA) based on CatDA, leading to Vicinal and Categorical Domain Adaptation (ViCatDA). We also propose Target Discriminative Structure Recovery (TDSR) to recover the intrinsic target discrimination damaged by adversarial feature alignment. We also analyze the principles underlying the ability of our key designs to align the joint distributions. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate that we achieve the new state of the art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Structured Scene Memory for Vision-Language Navigation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03454">arxiv:2103.03454</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hanqing Wang, Wenguan Wang, Wei Liang, Caiming Xiong, Jianbing Shen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, numerous algorithms have been developed to tackle the problem of vision-language navigation (VLN), i.e., entailing an agent to navigate 3D environments through following linguistic instructions. However, current VLN agents simply store their past experiences/observations as latent states in recurrent networks, failing to capture environment layouts and make long-term planning. To address these limitations, we propose a crucial architecture, called Structured Scene Memory (SSM). It is compartmentalized enough to accurately memorize the percepts during navigation. It also serves as a structured scene representation, which captures and disentangles visual and geometric cues in the environment. SSM has a collect-read controller that adaptively collects information for supporting current decision making and mimics iterative algorithms for long-range reasoning. As SSM provides a complete action space, i.e., all the navigable places on the map, a frontier-exploration based navigation decision making strategy is introduced to enable efficient and global planning. Experiment results on two VLN datasets (i.e., R2R and R4R) show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on several metrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Evaluating the Robustness of Deep Diagnostic Models by Adversarial Attack</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03438">arxiv:2103.03438</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mengting Xu, Tao Zhang, Zhongnian Li, Mingxia Liu, Daoqiang Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning models (with neural networks) have been widely used in challenging tasks such as computer-aided disease diagnosis based on medical images. Recent studies have shown deep diagnostic models may not be robust in the inference process and may pose severe security concerns in clinical practice. Among all the factors that make the model not robust, the most serious one is adversarial examples. The so-called "adversarial example" is a well-designed perturbation that is not easily perceived by humans but results in a false output of deep diagnostic models with high confidence. In this paper, we evaluate the robustness of deep diagnostic models by adversarial attack. Specifically, we have performed two types of adversarial attacks to three deep diagnostic models in both single-label and multi-label classification tasks, and found that these models are not reliable when attacked by adversarial example. We have further explored how adversarial examples attack the models, by analyzing their quantitative classification results, intermediate features, discriminability of features and correlation of estimated labels for both original/clean images and those adversarial ones. We have also designed two new defense methods to handle adversarial examples in deep diagnostic models, i.e., Multi-Perturbations Adversarial Training (MPAdvT) and Misclassification-Aware Adversarial Training (MAAdvT). The experimental results have shown that the use of defense methods can significantly improve the robustness of deep diagnostic models against adversarial attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Routing algorithms as tools for integrating social distancing with emergency evacuation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03413">arxiv:2103.03413</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yi-Lin Tsai, Chetanya Rastogi, Peter K. Kitanidis, Christopher B. Field</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One of the lessons from the COVID-19 pandemic is the importance of social distancing, even in challenging circumstances such as pre-hurricane evacuation. To explore the implications of integrating social distancing with evacuation operations, we describe this evacuation process as a Capacitated Vehicle Routing Problem (CVRP) and solve it using a DNN (Deep Neural Network)-based solution (Deep Reinforcement Learning) and a non-DNN solution (Sweep Algorithm). A central question is whether Deep Reinforcement Learning provides sufficient extra routing efficiency to accommodate increased social distancing in a time-constrained evacuation operation. We found that, in comparison to the Sweep Algorithm, Deep Reinforcement Learning can provide decision-makers with more efficient routing. However, the evacuation time saved by Deep Reinforcement Learning does not come close to compensating for the extra time required for social distancing, and its advantage disappears as the emergency vehicle capacity approaches the number of people per household.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Schedule DAG Tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03412">arxiv:2103.03412</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhigang Hua, Feng Qi, Gan Liu, Shuang Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Scheduling computational tasks represented by directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) is challenging because of its complexity. Conventional scheduling algorithms rely heavily on simple heuristics such as shortest job first (SJF) and critical path (CP), and are often lacking in scheduling quality. In this paper, we present a novel learning-based approach to scheduling DAG tasks. The algorithm employs a reinforcement learning agent to iteratively add directed edges to the DAG, one at a time, to enforce ordering (i.e., priorities of execution and resource allocation) of "tricky" job nodes. By doing so, the original DAG scheduling problem is dramatically reduced to a much simpler proxy problem, on which heuristic scheduling algorithms such as SJF and CP can be efficiently improved. Our approach can be easily applied to any existing heuristic scheduling algorithms. On the benchmark dataset of TPC-H, we show that our learning based approach can significantly improve over popular heuristic algorithms and consistently achieves the best performance among several methods under a variety of settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Gaussian processes meet NeuralODEs: A Bayesian framework for learning the dynamics of partially observed systems from scarce and noisy data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03385">arxiv:2103.03385</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mohamed Aziz Bhouri, Paris Perdikaris</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents a machine learning framework (GP-NODE) for Bayesian systems identification from partial, noisy and irregular observations of nonlinear dynamical systems. The proposed method takes advantage of recent developments in differentiable programming to propagate gradient information through ordinary differential equation solvers and perform Bayesian inference with respect to unknown model parameters using Hamiltonian Monte Carlo sampling and Gaussian Process priors over the observed system states. This allows us to exploit temporal correlations in the observed data, and efficiently infer posterior distributions over plausible models with quantified uncertainty. Moreover, the use of sparsity-promoting priors such as the Finnish Horseshoe for free model parameters enables the discovery of interpretable and parsimonious representations for the underlying latent dynamics. A series of numerical studies is presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed GP-NODE method including predator-prey systems, systems biology, and a 50-dimensional human motion dynamical system. Taken together, our findings put forth a novel, flexible and robust workflow for data-driven model discovery under uncertainty. All code and data accompanying this manuscript are available online at \url{https://github.com/PredictiveIntelligenceLab/GP-NODEs}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural model robustness for skill routing in large-scale conversational AI systems: A design choice exploration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03373">arxiv:2103.03373</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Han Li, Sunghyun Park, Aswarth Dara, Jinseok Nam, Sungjin Lee, Young-Bum Kim, Spyros Matsoukas, Ruhi Sarikaya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Current state-of-the-art large-scale conversational AI or intelligent digital assistant systems in industry comprises a set of components such as Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) and Natural Language Understanding (NLU). For some of these systems that leverage a shared NLU ontology (e.g., a centralized intent/slot schema), there exists a separate skill routing component to correctly route a request to an appropriate skill, which is either a first-party or third-party application that actually executes on a user request. The skill routing component is needed as there are thousands of skills that can either subscribe to the same intent and/or subscribe to an intent under specific contextual conditions (e.g., device has a screen). Ensuring model robustness or resilience in the skill routing component is an important problem since skills may dynamically change their subscription in the ontology after the skill routing model has been deployed to production. We show how different modeling design choices impact the model robustness in the context of skill routing on a state-of-the-art commercial conversational AI system, specifically on the choices around data augmentation, model architecture, and optimization method. We show that applying data augmentation can be a very effective and practical way to drastically improve model robustness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting Kidney Transplant Survival using Multiple Feature Representations for HLAs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03305">arxiv:2103.03305</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mohammadreza Nemati, Haonan Zhang, Michael Sloma, Dulat Bekbolsynov, Hong Wang, Stanislaw Stepkowski, Kevin S. Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Kidney transplantation can significantly enhance living standards for people suffering from end-stage renal disease. A significant factor that affects graft survival time (the time until the transplant fails and the patient requires another transplant) for kidney transplantation is the compatibility of the Human Leukocyte Antigens (HLAs) between the donor and recipient. In this paper, we propose new biologically-relevant feature representations for incorporating HLA information into machine learning-based survival analysis algorithms. We evaluate our proposed HLA feature representations on a database of over 100,000 transplants and find that they improve prediction accuracy by about 1%, modest at the patient level but potentially significant at a societal level. Accurate prediction of survival times can improve transplant survival outcomes, enabling better allocation of donors to recipients and reducing the number of re-transplants due to graft failure with poorly matched donors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ILoSA: Interactive Learning of Stiffness and Attractors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03099">arxiv:2103.03099</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Giovanni Franzese, Anna Mészáros, Luka Peternel, Jens Kober</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Teaching robots how to apply forces according to our preferences is still an open challenge that has to be tackled from multiple engineering perspectives. This paper studies how to learn variable impedance policies where both the Cartesian stiffness and the attractor can be learned from human demonstrations and corrections with a user-friendly interface. The presented framework, named ILoSA, uses Gaussian Processes for policy learning, identifying regions of uncertainty and allowing interactive corrections, stiffness modulation and active disturbance rejection. The experimental evaluation of the framework is carried out on a Franka-Emika Panda in four separate cases with unique force interaction properties: 1) pulling a plug wherein a sudden force discontinuity occurs upon successful removal of the plug, 2) pushing a box where a sustained force is required to keep the robot in motion, 3) wiping a whiteboard in which the force is applied perpendicular to the direction of movement, and 4) inserting a plug to verify the usability for precision-critical tasks in an experimental validation performed with non-expert users.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sub-pixel face landmarks using heatmaps and a bag of tricks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03059">arxiv:2103.03059</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Samuel W. F. Earp, Aubin Samacoits, Sanjana Jain, Pavit Noinongyao, Siwa Boonpunmongkol</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate face landmark localization is an essential part of face recognition, reconstruction and morphing. To accurately localize face landmarks, we present our heatmap regression approach. Each model consists of a MobileNetV2 backbone followed by several upscaling layers, with different tricks to optimize both performance and inference cost. We use five naïve face landmarks from a publicly available face detector to position and align the face instead of using the bounding box like traditional methods. Moreover, we show by adding random rotation, displacement and scaling -- after alignment -- that the model is more sensitive to the face position than orientation. We also show that it is possible to reduce the upscaling complexity by using a mixture of deconvolution and pixel-shuffle layers without impeding localization performance. We present our state-of-the-art face landmark localization model (ranking second on The 2nd Grand Challenge of 106-Point Facial Landmark Localization validation set). Finally, we test the effect on face recognition using these landmarks, using a publicly available model and benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Serverless Model Serving for Data Science</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02958">arxiv:2103.02958</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yuncheng Wu, Tien Tuan Anh Dinh, Guoyu Hu, Meihui Zhang, Yeow Meng Chee, Beng Chin Ooi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning (ML) is an important part of modern data science applications. Data scientists today have to manage the end-to-end ML life cycle that includes both model training and model serving, the latter of which is essential, as it makes their works available to end-users. Systems for model serving require high performance, low cost, and ease of management. Cloud providers are already offering model serving options, including managed services and self-rented servers. Recently, serverless computing, whose advantages include high elasticity and fine-grained cost model, brings another possibility for model serving.
  In this paper, we study the viability of serverless as a mainstream model serving platform for data science applications. We conduct a comprehensive evaluation of the performance and cost of serverless against other model serving systems on two clouds: Amazon Web Service (AWS) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). We find that serverless outperforms many cloud-based alternatives with respect to cost and performance. More interestingly, under some circumstances, it can even outperform GPU-based systems for both average latency and cost. These results are different from previous works' claim that serverless is not suitable for model serving, and are contrary to the conventional wisdom that GPU-based systems are better for ML workloads than CPU-based systems. Other findings include a large gap in cold start time between AWS and GCP serverless functions, and serverless' low sensitivity to changes in workloads or models. Our evaluation results indicate that serverless is a viable option for model serving. Finally, we present several practical recommendations for data scientists on how to use serverless for scalable and cost-effective model serving.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lower-Bounded Proper Losses for Weakly Supervised Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02893">arxiv:2103.02893</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Shuhei M. Yoshida, Takashi Takenouchi, Masashi Sugiyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper discusses the problem of weakly supervised classification, in which instances are given weak labels that are produced by some label-corruption process. The goal is to derive conditions under which loss functions for weak-label learning are proper and lower-bounded -- two essential requirements for the losses used in class-probability estimation. To this end, we derive a representation theorem for proper losses in supervised learning, which dualizes the Savage representation. We use this theorem to characterize proper weak-label losses and find a condition for them to be lower-bounded. From these theoretical findings, we derive a novel regularization scheme called generalized logit squeezing, which makes any proper weak-label loss bounded from below, without losing properness. Furthermore, we experimentally demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach, as compared to improper or unbounded losses. The results highlight the importance of properness and lower-boundedness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning With Context Feedback Loop for Robust Medical Image Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02844">arxiv:2103.02844</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kibrom Berihu Girum, Gilles Créhange, Alain Lalande</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning has successfully been leveraged for medical image segmentation. It employs convolutional neural networks (CNN) to learn distinctive image features from a defined pixel-wise objective function. However, this approach can lead to less output pixel interdependence producing incomplete and unrealistic segmentation results. In this paper, we present a fully automatic deep learning method for robust medical image segmentation by formulating the segmentation problem as a recurrent framework using two systems. The first one is a forward system of an encoder-decoder CNN that predicts the segmentation result from the input image. The predicted probabilistic output of the forward system is then encoded by a fully convolutional network (FCN)-based context feedback system. The encoded feature space of the FCN is then integrated back into the forward system's feed-forward learning process. Using the FCN-based context feedback loop allows the forward system to learn and extract more high-level image features and fix previous mistakes, thereby improving prediction accuracy over time. Experimental results, performed on four different clinical datasets, demonstrate our method's potential application for single and multi-structure medical image segmentation by outperforming the state of the art methods. With the feedback loop, deep learning methods can now produce results that are both anatomically plausible and robust to low contrast images. Therefore, formulating image segmentation as a recurrent framework of two interconnected networks via context feedback loop can be a potential method for robust and efficient medical image analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transfer learning from High-Resource to Low-Resource Language Improves Speech Affect Recognition Classification Accuracy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.11764">arxiv:2103.11764</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sara Durrani, Umair Arshad</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Speech Affect Recognition is a problem of extracting emotional affects from audio data. Low resource languages corpora are rear and affect recognition is a difficult task in cross-corpus settings. We present an approach in which the model is trained on high resource language and fine-tune to recognize affects in low resource language. We train the model in same corpus setting on SAVEE, EMOVO, Urdu, and IEMOCAP by achieving baseline accuracy of 60.45, 68.05, 80.34, and 56.58 percent respectively. For capturing the diversity of affects in languages cross-corpus evaluations are discussed in detail. We find that accuracy improves by adding the domain target data into the training data. Finally, we show that performance is improved for low resource language speech affect recognition by achieving the UAR OF 69.32 and 68.2 for Urdu and Italian speech affects.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Dual-Memory Architecture for Reinforcement Learning on Neuromorphic Platforms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04780">arxiv:2103.04780</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wilkie Olin-Ammentorp, Yury Sokolov, Maxim Bazhenov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning (RL) is a foundation of learning in biological systems and provides a framework to address numerous challenges with real-world artificial intelligence applications. Efficient implementations of RL techniques could allow for agents deployed in edge-use cases to gain novel abilities, such as improved navigation, understanding complex situations and critical decision making. Towards this goal, we describe a flexible architecture to carry out reinforcement learning on neuromorphic platforms. This architecture was implemented using an Intel neuromorphic processor and demonstrated solving a variety of tasks using spiking dynamics. Our study proposes a usable energy efficient solution for real-world RL applications and demonstrates applicability of the neuromorphic platforms for RL problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural network-based image reconstruction in swept-source optical coherence tomography using undersampled spectral data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03877">arxiv:2103.03877</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yijie Zhang, Tairan Liu, Manmohan Singh, Yilin Luo, Yair Rivenson, Kirill V. Larin, Aydogan Ozcan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) is a widely used non-invasive biomedical imaging modality that can rapidly provide volumetric images of samples. Here, we present a deep learning-based image reconstruction framework that can generate swept-source OCT (SS-OCT) images using undersampled spectral data, without any spatial aliasing artifacts. This neural network-based image reconstruction does not require any hardware changes to the optical set-up and can be easily integrated with existing swept-source or spectral domain OCT systems to reduce the amount of raw spectral data to be acquired. To show the efficacy of this framework, we trained and blindly tested a deep neural network using mouse embryo samples imaged by an SS-OCT system. Using 2-fold undersampled spectral data (i.e., 640 spectral points per A-line), the trained neural network can blindly reconstruct 512 A-lines in ~6.73 ms using a desktop computer, removing spatial aliasing artifacts due to spectral undersampling, also presenting a very good match to the images of the same samples, reconstructed using the full spectral OCT data (i.e., 1280 spectral points per A-line). We also successfully demonstrate that this framework can be further extended to process 3x undersampled spectral data per A-line, with some performance degradation in the reconstructed image quality compared to 2x spectral undersampling. This deep learning-enabled image reconstruction approach can be broadly used in various forms of spectral domain OCT systems, helping to increase their imaging speed without sacrificing image resolution and signal-to-noise ratio.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FedDR -- Randomized Douglas-Rachford Splitting Algorithms for Nonconvex Federated Composite Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03452">arxiv:2103.03452</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Quoc Tran-Dinh, Nhan H. Pham, Dzung T. Phan, Lam M. Nguyen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop two new algorithms, called, FedDR and asyncFedDR, for solving a fundamental nonconvex composite optimization problem in federated learning. Our algorithms rely on a novel combination between a nonconvex Douglas-Rachford splitting method, randomized block-coordinate strategies, and asynchronous implementation. They can also handle convex regularizers. Unlike recent methods in the literature, e.g., FedSplit and FedPD, our algorithms update only a subset of users at each communication round, and possibly in an asynchronous manner, making them more practical. These new algorithms can handle statistical and system heterogeneity, which are the two main challenges in federated learning, while achieving the best known communication complexity. In fact, our new algorithms match the communication complexity lower bound up to a constant factor under standard assumptions. Our numerical experiments illustrate the advantages of our methods over existing algorithms on synthetic and real datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Encrypted Inference on Ensembles of Decision Trees</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03411">arxiv:2103.03411</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kanthi Sarpatwar, Karthik Nandakumar, Nalini Ratha, James Rayfield, Karthikeyan Shanmugam, Sharath Pankanti, Roman Vaculin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data privacy concerns often prevent the use of cloud-based machine learning services for sensitive personal data. While homomorphic encryption (HE) offers a potential solution by enabling computations on encrypted data, the challenge is to obtain accurate machine learning models that work within the multiplicative depth constraints of a leveled HE scheme. Existing approaches for encrypted inference either make ad-hoc simplifications to a pre-trained model (e.g., replace hard comparisons in a decision tree with soft comparators) at the cost of accuracy or directly train a new depth-constrained model using the original training set. In this work, we propose a framework to transfer knowledge extracted by complex decision tree ensembles to shallow neural networks (referred to as DTNets) that are highly conducive to encrypted inference. Our approach minimizes the accuracy loss by searching for the best DTNet architecture that operates within the given depth constraints and training this DTNet using only synthetic data sampled from the training data distribution. Extensive experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate that these characteristics are critical in ensuring that DTNet accuracy approaches that of the original tree ensemble. Our system is highly scalable and can perform efficient inference on batched encrypted (134 bits of security) data with amortized time in milliseconds. This is approximately three orders of magnitude faster than the standard approach of applying soft comparison at the internal nodes of the ensemble trees.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Nutrition5k: Towards Automatic Nutritional Understanding of Generic Food</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03375">arxiv:2103.03375</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Quin Thames, Arjun Karpur, Wade Norris, Fangting Xia, Liviu Panait, Tobias Weyand, Jack Sim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Understanding the nutritional content of food from visual data is a challenging computer vision problem, with the potential to have a positive and widespread impact on public health. Studies in this area are limited to existing datasets in the field that lack sufficient diversity or labels required for training models with nutritional understanding capability. We introduce Nutrition5k, a novel dataset of 5k diverse, real world food dishes with corresponding video streams, depth images, component weights, and high accuracy nutritional content annotation. We demonstrate the potential of this dataset by training a computer vision algorithm capable of predicting the caloric and macronutrient values of a complex, real world dish at an accuracy that outperforms professional nutritionists. Further we present a baseline for incorporating depth sensor data to improve nutrition predictions. We will publicly release Nutrition5k in the hope that it will accelerate innovation in the space of nutritional understanding.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evaluation of Complexity Measures for Deep Learning Generalization in Medical Image Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03328">arxiv:2103.03328</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Aleksandar Vakanski, Min Xian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The generalization performance of deep learning models for medical image analysis often decreases on images collected with different devices for data acquisition, device settings, or patient population. A better understanding of the generalization capacity on new images is crucial for clinicians' trustworthiness in deep learning. Although significant research efforts have been recently directed toward establishing generalization bounds and complexity measures, still, there is often a significant discrepancy between the predicted and actual generalization performance. As well, related large empirical studies have been primarily based on validation with general-purpose image datasets. This paper presents an empirical study that investigates the correlation between 25 complexity measures and the generalization abilities of supervised deep learning classifiers for breast ultrasound images. The results indicate that PAC-Bayes flatness-based and path norm-based measures produce the most consistent explanation for the combination of models and data. We also investigate the use of multi-task classification and segmentation approach for breast images, and report that such learning approach acts as an implicit regularizer and is conducive toward improved generalization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distribution-free uncertainty quantification for classification under label shift</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03323">arxiv:2103.03323</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Aleksandr Podkopaev, Aaditya Ramdas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Trustworthy deployment of ML models requires a proper measure of uncertainty, especially in safety-critical applications. We focus on uncertainty quantification (UQ) for classification problems via two avenues -- prediction sets using conformal prediction and calibration of probabilistic predictors by post-hoc binning -- since these possess distribution-free guarantees for i.i.d. data. Two common ways of generalizing beyond the i.i.d. setting include handling covariate and label shift. Within the context of distribution-free UQ, the former has already received attention, but not the latter. It is known that label shift hurts prediction, and we first argue that it also hurts UQ, by showing degradation in coverage and calibration. Piggybacking on recent progress in addressing label shift (for better prediction), we examine the right way to achieve UQ by reweighting the aforementioned conformal and calibration procedures whenever some unlabeled data from the target distribution is available. We examine these techniques theoretically in a distribution-free framework and demonstrate their excellent practical performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conservative Optimistic Policy Optimization via Multiple Importance Sampling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03307">arxiv:2103.03307</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Achraf Azize, Othman Gaizi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement Learning (RL) has been able to solve hard problems such as playing Atari games or solving the game of Go, with a unified approach. Yet modern deep RL approaches are still not widely used in real-world applications. One reason could be the lack of guarantees on the performance of the intermediate executed policies, compared to an existing (already working) baseline policy. In this paper, we propose an online model-free algorithm that solves conservative exploration in the policy optimization problem. We show that the regret of the proposed approach is bounded by $\tilde{\mathcal{O}}(\sqrt{T})$ for both discrete and continuous parameter spaces.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Ensembles of Random SHAPs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03302">arxiv:2103.03302</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lev V. Utkin, Andrei V. Konstantinov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Ensemble-based modifications of the well-known SHapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) method for the local explanation of a black-box model are proposed. The modifications aim to simplify SHAP which is computationally expensive when there is a large number of features. The main idea behind the proposed modifications is to approximate SHAP by an ensemble of SHAPs with a smaller number of features. According to the first modification, called ER-SHAP, several features are randomly selected many times from the feature set, and Shapley values for the features are computed by means of "small" SHAPs. The explanation results are averaged to get the final Shapley values. According to the second modification, called ERW-SHAP, several points are generated around the explained instance for diversity purposes, and results of their explanation are combined with weights depending on distances between points and the explained instance. The third modification, called ER-SHAP-RF, uses the random forest for preliminary explanation of instances and determining a feature probability distribution which is applied to selection of features in the ensemble-based procedure of ER-SHAP. Many numerical experiments illustrating the proposed modifications demonstrate their efficiency and properties for local explanation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PVG at WASSA 2021: A Multi-Input, Multi-Task, Transformer-Based Architecture for Empathy and Distress Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03296">arxiv:2103.03296</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Atharva Kulkarni, Sunanda Somwase, Shivam Rajput, Manisha Marathe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Active research pertaining to the affective phenomenon of empathy and distress is invaluable for improving human-machine interaction. Predicting intensities of such complex emotions from textual data is difficult, as these constructs are deeply rooted in the psychological theory. Consequently, for better prediction, it becomes imperative to take into account ancillary factors such as the psychological test scores, demographic features, underlying latent primitive emotions, along with the text's undertone and its psychological complexity. This paper proffers team PVG's solution to the WASSA 2021 Shared Task on Predicting Empathy and Emotion in Reaction to News Stories. Leveraging the textual data, demographic features, psychological test score, and the intrinsic interdependencies of primitive emotions and empathy, we propose a multi-input, multi-task framework for the task of empathy score prediction. Here, the empathy score prediction is considered the primary task, while emotion and empathy classification are considered secondary auxiliary tasks. For the distress score prediction task, the system is further boosted by the addition of lexical features. Our submission ranked 1$^{st}$ based on the average correlation (0.545) as well as the distress correlation (0.574), and 2$^{nd}$ for the empathy Pearson correlation (0.517).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Clustering multilayer graphs with missing nodes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03235">arxiv:2103.03235</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Guillaume Braun, Hemant Tyagi, Christophe Biernacki</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Relationship between agents can be conveniently represented by graphs. When these relationships have different modalities, they are better modelled by multilayer graphs where each layer is associated with one modality. Such graphs arise naturally in many contexts including biological and social networks. Clustering is a fundamental problem in network analysis where the goal is to regroup nodes with similar connectivity profiles. In the past decade, various clustering methods have been extended from the unilayer setting to multilayer graphs in order to incorporate the information provided by each layer. While most existing works assume - rather restrictively - that all layers share the same set of nodes, we propose a new framework that allows for layers to be defined on different sets of nodes. In particular, the nodes not recorded in a layer are treated as missing. Within this paradigm, we investigate several generalizations of well-known clustering methods in the complete setting to the incomplete one and prove some consistency results under the Multi-Layer Stochastic Block Model assumption. Our theoretical results are complemented by thorough numerical comparisons between our proposed algorithms on synthetic data, and also on real datasets, thus highlighting the promising behaviour of our methods in various settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Comparative Evaluation of Quantification Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03223">arxiv:2103.03223</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tobias Schumacher, Markus Strohmaier, Florian Lemmerich</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quantification represents the problem of predicting class distributions in a given target set. It also represents a growing research field in supervised machine learning, for which a large variety of different algorithms has been proposed in recent years. However, a comprehensive empirical comparison of quantification methods that supports algorithm selection is not available yet. In this work, we close this research gap by conducting a thorough empirical performance comparison of 24 different quantification methods. To consider a broad range of different scenarios for binary as well as multiclass quantification settings, we carried out almost 3 million experimental runs on 40 data sets. We observe that no single algorithm generally outperforms all competitors, but identify a group of methods including the Median Sweep and the DyS framework that perform significantly better in binary settings. For the multiclass setting, we observe that a different, broad group of algorithms yields good performance, including the Generalized Probabilistic Adjusted Count, the readme method, the energy distance minimization method, the EM algorithm for quantification, and Friedman's method. More generally, we find that the performance on multiclass quantification is inferior to the results obtained in the binary setting. Our results can guide practitioners who intend to apply quantification algorithms and help researchers to identify opportunities for future research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convolutional versus Self-Organized Operational Neural Networks for Real-World Blind Image Denoising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03070">arxiv:2103.03070</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Junaid Malik, Serkan Kiranyaz, Mehmet Yamac, Esin Guldogan, Moncef Gabbouj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Real-world blind denoising poses a unique image restoration challenge due to the non-deterministic nature of the underlying noise distribution. Prevalent discriminative networks trained on synthetic noise models have been shown to generalize poorly to real-world noisy images. While curating real-world noisy images and improving ground truth estimation procedures remain key points of interest, a potential research direction is to explore extensions to the widely used convolutional neuron model to enable better generalization with fewer data and lower network complexity, as opposed to simply using deeper Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Operational Neural Networks (ONNs) and their recent variant, Self-organized ONNs (Self-ONNs), propose to embed enhanced non-linearity into the neuron model and have been shown to outperform CNNs across a variety of regression tasks. However, all such comparisons have been made for compact networks and the efficacy of deploying operational layers as a drop-in replacement for convolutional layers in contemporary deep architectures remains to be seen. In this work, we tackle the real-world blind image denoising problem by employing, for the first time, a deep Self-ONN. Extensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations spanning multiple metrics and four high-resolution real-world noisy image datasets against the state-of-the-art deep CNN network, DnCNN, reveal that deep Self-ONNs consistently achieve superior results with performance gains of up to 1.76dB in PSNR. Furthermore, Self-ONNs with half and even quarter the number of layers that require only a fraction of computational resources as that of DnCNN can still achieve similar or better results compared to the state-of-the-art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automated Detection of Coronary Artery Stenosis in X-ray Angiography using Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02969">arxiv:2103.02969</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dinis L. Rodrigues, Miguel Nobre Menezes, Fausto J. Pinto, Arlindo L. Oliveira</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Coronary artery disease leading up to stenosis, the partial or total blocking of coronary arteries, is a severe condition that affects millions of patients each year. Automated identification and classification of stenosis severity from minimally invasive procedures would be of great clinical value, but existing methods do not match the accuracy of experienced cardiologists, due to the complexity of the task. Although a number of computational approaches for quantitative assessment of stenosis have been proposed to date, the performance of these methods is still far from the required levels for clinical applications. In this paper, we propose a two-step deep-learning framework to partially automate the detection of stenosis from X-ray coronary angiography images. In the two steps, we used two distinct convolutional neural network architectures, one to automatically identify and classify the angle of view, and another to determine the bounding boxes of the regions of interest in frames where stenosis is visible. Transfer learning and data augmentation techniques were used to boost the performance of the system in both tasks. We achieved a 0.97 accuracy on the task of classifying the Left/Right Coronary Artery (LCA/RCA) angle view and 0.68/0.73 recall on the determination of the regions of interest, for LCA and RCA, respectively. These results compare favorably with previous results obtained using related approaches, and open the way to a fully automated method for the identification of stenosis severity from X-ray angiographies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Probabilistic combination of eigenlungs-based classifiers for COVID-19 diagnosis in chest CT images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02961">arxiv:2103.02961</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Juan E. Arco, Andrés Ortiz, Javier Ramírez, Francisco J. Martínez-Murcia, Yu-Dong Zhang, Jordi Broncano, M. Álvaro Berbís, Javier Royuela-del-Val, Antonio Luna, Juan M. Górriz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The outbreak of the COVID-19 (Coronavirus disease 2019) pandemic has changed the world. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there have been more than 100 million confirmed cases of COVID-19, including more than 2.4 million deaths. It is extremely important the early detection of the disease, and the use of medical imaging such as chest X-ray (CXR) and chest Computed Tomography (CCT) have proved to be an excellent solution. However, this process requires clinicians to do it within a manual and time-consuming task, which is not ideal when trying to speed up the diagnosis. In this work, we propose an ensemble classifier based on probabilistic Support Vector Machine (SVM) in order to identify pneumonia patterns while providing information about the reliability of the classification. Specifically, each CCT scan is divided into cubic patches and features contained in each one of them are extracted by applying kernel PCA. The use of base classifiers within an ensemble allows our system to identify the pneumonia patterns regardless of their size or location. Decisions of each individual patch are then combined into a global one according to the reliability of each individual classification: the lower the uncertainty, the higher the contribution. Performance is evaluated in a real scenario, yielding an accuracy of 97.86%. The large performance obtained and the simplicity of the system (use of deep learning in CCT images would result in a huge computational cost) evidence the applicability of our proposal in a real-world environment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Toward Robust Long Range Policy Transfer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02957">arxiv:2103.02957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wei-Cheng Tseng, Jin-Siang Lin, Yao-Min Feng, Min Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Humans can master a new task within a few trials by drawing upon skills acquired through prior experience. To mimic this capability, hierarchical models combining primitive policies learned from prior tasks have been proposed. However, these methods fall short comparing to the human's range of transferability. We propose a method, which leverages the hierarchical structure to train the combination function and adapt the set of diverse primitive polices alternatively, to efficiently produce a range of complex behaviors on challenging new tasks. We also design two regularization terms to improve the diversity and utilization rate of the primitives in the pre-training phase. We demonstrate that our method outperforms other recent policy transfer methods by combining and adapting these reusable primitives in tasks with continuous action space. The experiment results further show that our approach provides a broader transferring range. The ablation study also shows the regularization terms are critical for long range policy transfer. Finally, we show that our method consistently outperforms other methods when the quality of the primitives varies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring the representativeness of the M5 competition data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02941">arxiv:2103.02941</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Evangelos Theodorou, Shengjie Wang, Yanfei Kang, Evangelos Spiliotis, Spyros Makridakis, Vassilios Assimakopoulos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The main objective of the M5 competition, which focused on forecasting the hierarchical unit sales of Walmart, was to evaluate the accuracy and uncertainty of forecasting methods in the field in order to identify best practices and highlight their practical implications. However, whether the findings of the M5 competition can be generalized and exploited by retail firms to better support their decisions and operation depends on the extent to which the M5 data is sufficiently similar to unit sales data of retailers that operate in different regions, sell different types of products, and consider different marketing strategies. To answer this question, we analyze the characteristics of the M5 time series and compare them with those of two grocery retailers, namely Corporación Favorita and a major Greek supermarket chain, using feature spaces. Our results suggest that there are only small discrepancies between the examined data sets, supporting the representativeness of the M5 data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Calibrated Simplex Mapping Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02926">arxiv:2103.02926</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Raoul Heese, Michał Walczak, Michael Bortz, Jochen Schmid</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel supervised multi-class/single-label classifier that maps training data onto a linearly separable latent space with a simplex-like geometry. This approach allows us to transform the classification problem into a well-defined regression problem. For its solution we can choose suitable distance metrics in feature space and regression models predicting latent space coordinates. A benchmark on various artificial and real-world data sets is used to demonstrate the calibration qualities and prediction performance of our classifier.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bad and good errors: value-weighted skill scores in deep ensemble learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02881">arxiv:2103.02881</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sabrina Guastavino, Michele Piana, Federico Benvenuto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we propose a novel approach to realize forecast verification. Specifically, we introduce a strategy for assessing the severity of forecast errors based on the evidence that, on the one hand, a false alarm just anticipating an occurring event is better than one in the middle of consecutive non-occurring events, and that, on the other hand, a miss of an isolated event has a worse impact than a miss of a single event, which is part of several consecutive occurrences. Relying on this idea, we introduce a novel definition of confusion matrix and skill scores giving greater importance to the value of the prediction rather than to its quality. Then, we introduce a deep ensemble learning procedure for binary classification, in which the probabilistic outcomes of a neural network are clustered via optimization of these value-weighted skill scores. We finally show the performances of this approach in the case of three applications concerned with pollution, space weather and stock prize forecasting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Emotion-controlled Dialog Response Generation Model with Dynamic Vocabulary</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02878">arxiv:2103.02878</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shuangyong Song, Kexin Wang, Chao Wang, Haiqing Chen, Huan Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In response generation task, proper sentimental expressions can obviously improve the human-like level of the responses. However, for real application in online systems, high QPS (queries per second, an indicator of the flow capacity of on-line systems) is required, and a dynamic vocabulary mechanism has been proved available in improving speed of generative models. In this paper, we proposed an emotion-controlled dialog response generation model based on the dynamic vocabulary mechanism, and the experimental results show the benefit of this model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Variance Reduced Median-of-Means Estimator for Byzantine-Robust Distributed Inference</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02860">arxiv:2103.02860</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiyuan Tu, Weidong Liu, Xiaojun Mao, Xi Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper develops an efficient distributed inference algorithm, which is robust against a moderate fraction of Byzantine nodes, namely arbitrary and possibly adversarial machines in a distributed learning system. In robust statistics, the median-of-means (MOM) has been a popular approach to hedge against Byzantine failures due to its ease of implementation and computational efficiency. However, the MOM estimator has the shortcoming in terms of statistical efficiency. The first main contribution of the paper is to propose a variance reduced median-of-means (VRMOM) estimator, which improves the statistical efficiency over the vanilla MOM estimator and is computationally as efficient as the MOM. Based on the proposed VRMOM estimator, we develop a general distributed inference algorithm that is robust against Byzantine failures. Theoretically, our distributed algorithm achieves a fast convergence rate with only a constant number of rounds of communications. We also provide the asymptotic normality result for the purpose of statistical inference. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first normality result in the setting of Byzantine-robust distributed learning. The simulation results are also presented to illustrate the effectiveness of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Morphset:Augmenting categorical emotion datasets with dimensional affect labels using face morphing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02854">arxiv:2103.02854</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Vassilios Vonikakis, Dexter Neo, Stefan Winkler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Emotion recognition and understanding is a vital component in human-machine interaction. Dimensional models of affect such as those using valence and arousal have advantages over traditional categorical ones due to the complexity of emotional states in humans. However, dimensional emotion annotations are difficult and expensive to collect, therefore they are not as prevalent in the affective computing community. To address these issues, we propose a method to generate synthetic images from existing categorical emotion datasets using face morphing as well as dimensional labels in the circumplex space with full control over the resulting sample distribution, while achieving augmentation factors of at least 20x or more.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Novel Application of Image-to-Image Translation: Chromosome Straightening Framework by Learning from a Single Image</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02835">arxiv:2103.02835</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sifan Song, Daiyun Huang, Yalun Hu, Chunxiao Yang, Jia Meng, Fei Ma, Frans Coenen, Jiaming Zhang, Jionglong Su</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In medical imaging, chromosome straightening plays a significant role in the pathological study of chromosomes and in the development of cytogenetic maps. Whereas different approaches exist for the straightening task, typically geometric algorithms are used whose outputs are characterized by jagged edges or fragments with discontinued banding patterns. To address the flaws in the geometric algorithms, we propose a novel framework based on image-to-image translation to learn a pertinent mapping dependence for synthesizing straightened chromosomes with uninterrupted banding patterns and preserved details. In addition, to avoid the pitfall of deficient input chromosomes, we construct an augmented dataset using only one single curved chromosome image for training models. Based on this framework, we apply two popular image-to-image translation architectures, U-shape networks and conditional generative adversarial networks, to assess its efficacy. Experiments on a dataset comprised of 642 real-world chromosomes demonstrate the superiority of our framework, as compared to the geometric method in straightening performance, by rendering realistic and continued chromosome details. Furthermore, our straightened results improve the chromosome classification by 0.98%-1.39% mean accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neuromorphic Computing with Deeply Scaled Ferroelectric FinFET in Presence of Process Variation, Device Aging and Flicker Noise</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13302">arxiv:2103.13302</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sourav De, Bo-Han Qiu, Wei-Xuan Bu, Md. Aftab Baig, Chung-Jun Su, Yao-Jen Lee, Darsen Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper reports a comprehensive study on the applicability of ultra-scaled ferroelectric FinFETs with 6 nm thick hafnium zirconium oxide layer for neuromorphic computing in the presence of process variation, flicker noise, and device aging. An intricate study has been conducted about the impact of such variations on the inference accuracy of pre-trained neural networks consisting of analog, quaternary (2-bit/cell) and binary synapse. A pre-trained neural network with 97.5% inference accuracy on the MNIST dataset has been adopted as the baseline. Process variation, flicker noise, and device aging characterization have been performed and a statistical model has been developed to capture all these effects during neural network simulation. Extrapolated retention above 10 years have been achieved for binary read-out procedure. We have demonstrated that the impact of (1) retention degradation due to the oxide thickness scaling, (2) process variation, and (3) flicker noise can be abated in ferroelectric FinFET based binary neural networks, which exhibits superior performance over quaternary and analog neural network, amidst all variations. The performance of a neural network is the result of coalesced performance of device, architecture and algorithm. This research corroborates the applicability of deeply scaled ferroelectric FinFETs for non-von Neumann computing with proper combination of architecture and algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CDLNet: Robust and Interpretable Denoising Through Deep Convolutional Dictionary Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.04779">arxiv:2103.04779</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nikola Janjušević, Amirhossein Khalilian-Gourtani, Yao Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning based methods hold state-of-the-art results in image denoising, but remain difficult to interpret due to their construction from poorly understood building blocks such as batch-normalization, residual learning, and feature domain processing. Unrolled optimization networks propose an interpretable alternative to constructing deep neural networks by deriving their architecture from classical iterative optimization methods, without use of tricks from the standard deep learning tool-box. So far, such methods have demonstrated performance close to that of state-of-the-art models while using their interpretable construction to achieve a comparably low learned parameter count. In this work, we propose an unrolled convolutional dictionary learning network (CDLNet) and demonstrate its competitive denoising performance in both low and high parameter count regimes. Specifically, we show that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art denoising models when scaled to similar parameter count. In addition, we leverage the model's interpretable construction to propose an augmentation of the network's thresholds that enables state-of-the-art blind denoising performance and near-perfect generalization on noise-levels unseen during training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Novel Framework for Threat Analysis of Machine Learning-based Smart Healthcare Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03472">arxiv:2103.03472</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nur Imtiazul Haque, Mohammad Ashiqur Rahman, Md Hasan Shahriar, Alvi Ataur Khalil, Selcuk Uluagac</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Smart healthcare systems (SHSs) are providing fast and efficient disease treatment leveraging wireless body sensor networks (WBSNs) and implantable medical devices (IMDs)-based internet of medical things (IoMT). In addition, IoMT-based SHSs are enabling automated medication, allowing communication among myriad healthcare sensor devices. However, adversaries can launch various attacks on the communication network and the hardware/firmware to introduce false data or cause data unavailability to the automatic medication system endangering the patient's life. In this paper, we propose SHChecker, a novel threat analysis framework that integrates machine learning and formal analysis capabilities to identify potential attacks and corresponding effects on an IoMT-based SHS. Our framework can provide us with all potential attack vectors, each representing a set of sensor measurements to be altered, for an SHS given a specific set of attack attributes, allowing us to realize the system's resiliency, thus the insight to enhance the robustness of the model. We implement SHChecker on a synthetic and a real dataset, which affirms that our framework can reveal potential attack vectors in an IoMT system. This is a novel effort to formally analyze supervised and unsupervised machine learning models for black-box SHS threat analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimization of User Selection and Bandwidth Allocation for Federated Learning in VLC/RF Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03444">arxiv:2103.03444</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chuanhong Liu, Caili Guo, Yang Yang, Mingzhe Chen, H. Vincent Poor, Shuguang Cui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Limited radio frequency (RF) resources restrict the number of users that can participate in federated learning (FL) thus affecting FL convergence speed and performance. In this paper, we first introduce visible light communication (VLC) as a supplement to RF in FL and build a hybrid VLC/RF communication system, in which each indoor user can use both VLC and RF to transmit its FL model parameters. Then, the problem of user selection and bandwidth allocation is studied for FL implemented over a hybrid VLC/RF system aiming to optimize the FL performance. The problem is first separated into two subproblems. The first subproblem is a user selection problem with a given bandwidth allocation, which is solved by a traversal algorithm. The second subproblem is a bandwidth allocation problem with a given user selection, which is solved by a numerical method. The final user selection and bandwidth allocation are obtained by iteratively solving these two subproblems. Simulation results show that the proposed FL algorithm that efficiently uses VLC and RF for FL model transmission can improve the prediction accuracy by up to 10% compared with a conventional FL system using only RF.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Model-based image adjustment for a successful pansharpening</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03062">arxiv:2103.03062</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Gintautas Palubinskas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A new model-based image adjustment for the enhancement of multi-resolution image fusion or pansharpening is proposed. Such image adjustment is needed for most pansharpening methods using panchromatic band and/or intensity image (calculated as a weighted sum of multispectral bands) as an input. Due various reasons, e.g. calibration inaccuracies, usage of different sensors, input images for pansharpening: low resolution multispectral image or more precisely the calculated intensity image and high resolution panchromatic image may differ in values of their physical properties, e.g. radiances or reflectances depending on the processing level. But the same objects/classes in both images should exhibit similar values or more generally similar statistics. Similarity definition will depend on a particular application. For a successful fusion of data from two sensors the energy balance between radiances/reflectances of both sensors should hold. A virtual band is introduced to compensate for total energy disbalance in different sensors. Its estimation consists of several steps: first, weights for individual spectral bands are estimated in a low resolution scale, where both multispectral and panchromatic images (low pass filtered version) are available, then, the estimated virtual band is up-sampled to a high scale and, finally, high resolution panchromatic band is corrected by subtracting virtual band. This corrected panchromatic band is used instead of original panchromatic image in the following pansharpening. It is shown, for example, that the performance quality of component substitution based methods can be increased significantly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-supervised deep convolutional neural network for chest X-ray classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03055">arxiv:2103.03055</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Matej Gazda, Jakub Gazda, Jan Plavka, Peter Drotar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Chest radiography is a relatively cheap, widely available medical procedure that conveys key information for making diagnostic decisions. Chest X-rays are almost always used in the diagnosis of respiratory diseases such as pneumonia or the recent COVID-19. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised deep neural network that is pretrained on an unlabeled chest X-ray dataset. The learned representations are transferred to downstream task - the classification of respiratory diseases. The results obtained on four public datasets show that our approach yields competitive results without requiring large amounts of labeled training data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Perceptual Image Restoration with High-Quality Priori and Degradation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03010">arxiv:2103.03010</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chaoyi Han, Yiping Duan, Xiaoming Tao, Jianhua Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Perceptual image restoration seeks for high-fidelity images that most likely degrade to given images. For better visual quality, previous work proposed to search for solutions within the natural image manifold, by exploiting the latent space of a generative model. However, the quality of generated images are only guaranteed when latent embedding lies close to the prior distribution. In this work, we propose to restrict the feasible region within the prior manifold. This is accomplished with a non-parametric metric for two distributions: the Maximum Mean Discrepancy (MMD). Moreover, we model the degradation process directly as a conditional distribution. We show that our model performs well in measuring the similarity between restored and degraded images. Instead of optimizing the long criticized pixel-wise distance over degraded images, we rely on such model to find visual pleasing images with high probability. Our simultaneous restoration and enhancement framework generalizes well to real-world complicated degradation types. The experimental results on perceptual quality and no-reference image quality assessment (NR-IQA) demonstrate the superior performance of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantifying identifiability to choose and audit $ε$ in differentially private deep learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02913">arxiv:2103.02913</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Daniel Bernau, Günther Eibl, Philip W. Grassal, Hannah Keller, Florian Kerschbaum</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Differential privacy allows bounding the influence that training data records have on a machine learning model. To use differential privacy in machine learning, data scientists must choose privacy parameters $(ε,δ)$. Choosing meaningful privacy parameters is key, since models trained with weak privacy parameters might result in excessive privacy leakage, while strong privacy parameters might overly degrade model utility. However, privacy parameter values are difficult to choose for two main reasons. First, the theoretical upper bound on privacy loss $(ε,δ)$ might be loose, depending on the chosen sensitivity and data distribution of practical datasets. Second, legal requirements and societal norms for anonymization often refer to individual identifiability, to which $(ε,δ)$ are only indirectly related.
  We transform $(ε,δ)$ to a bound on the Bayesian posterior belief of the adversary assumed by differential privacy concerning the presence of any record in the training dataset. The bound holds for multidimensional queries under composition, and we show that it can be tight in practice. Furthermore, we derive an identifiability bound, which relates the adversary assumed in differential privacy to previous work on membership inference adversaries. We formulate an implementation of this differential privacy adversary that allows data scientists to audit model training and compute empirical identifiability scores and empirical $(ε,δ)$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast Tucker Rank Reduction for Non-Negative Tensors Using Mean-Field Approximation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02898">arxiv:2103.02898</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Kazu Ghalamkari, Mahito Sugiyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present an efficient low-rank approximation algorithm for non-negative tensors. The algorithm is derived from our two findings: First, we show that rank-1 approximation for tensors can be viewed as a mean-field approximation by treating each tensor as a probability distribution. Second, we theoretically provide a sufficient condition for distribution parameters to reduce Tucker ranks of tensors; interestingly, this sufficient condition can be achieved by iterative application of the mean-field approximation. Since the mean-field approximation is always given as a closed formula, our findings lead to a fast low-rank approximation algorithm without using a gradient method. We empirically demonstrate that our algorithm is faster than the existing non-negative Tucker rank reduction methods and achieves competitive or better approximation of given tensors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Cross Channel Context Model for Latents in Deep Image Compression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02884">arxiv:2103.02884</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Changyue Ma, Zhao Wang, Ruling Liao, Yan Ye</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents a cross channel context model for latents in deep image compression. Generally, deep image compression is based on an autoencoder framework, which transforms the original image to latents at the encoder and recovers the reconstructed image from the quantized latents at the decoder. The transform is usually combined with an entropy model, which estimates the probability distribution of the quantized latents for arithmetic coding. Currently, joint autoregressive and hierarchical prior entropy models are widely adopted to capture both the global contexts from the hyper latents and the local contexts from the quantized latent elements. For the local contexts, the widely adopted 2D mask convolution can only capture the spatial context. However, we observe that there are strong correlations between different channels in the latents. To utilize the cross channel correlations, we propose to divide the latents into several groups according to channel index and code the groups one by one, where previously coded groups are utilized to provide cross channel context for the current group. The proposed cross channel context model is combined with the joint autoregressive and hierarchical prior entropy model. Experimental results show that, using PSNR as the distortion metric, the combined model achieves BD-rate reductions of 6.30% and 6.31% over the baseline entropy model, and 2.50% and 2.20% over the latest video coding standard Versatile Video Coding (VVC) for the Kodak and CVPR CLIC2020 professional dataset, respectively. In addition, when optimized for the MS-SSIM metric, our approach generates visually more pleasant reconstructed images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An RL-Based Adaptive Detection Strategy to Secure Cyber-Physical Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02872">arxiv:2103.02872</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ipsita Koley, Sunandan Adhikary, Soumyajit Dey</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Increased dependence on networked, software based control has escalated the vulnerabilities of Cyber Physical Systems (CPSs). Detection and monitoring components developed leveraging dynamical systems theory are often employed as lightweight security measures for protecting such safety critical CPSs against false data injection attacks. However, existing approaches do not correlate attack scenarios with parameters of detection systems. In the present work, we propose a Reinforcement Learning (RL) based framework which adaptively sets the parameters of such detectors based on experience learned from attack scenarios, maximizing detection rate and minimizing false alarms in the process while attempting performance preserving control actions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>IACN: Influence-aware and Attention-based Co-evolutionary Network for Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02866">arxiv:2103.02866</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shalini Pandey, George Karypis, Jaideep Srivasatava</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recommending relevant items to users is a crucial task on online communities such as Reddit and Twitter. For recommendation system, representation learning presents a powerful technique that learns embeddings to represent user behaviors and capture item properties. However, learning embeddings on online communities is a challenging task because the user interest keep evolving. This evolution can be captured from 1) interaction between user and item, 2) influence from other users in the community. The existing dynamic embedding models only consider either of the factors to update user embeddings. However, at a given time, user interest evolves due to a combination of the two factors. To this end, we propose Influence-aware and Attention-based Co-evolutionary Network (IACN). Essentially, IACN consists of two key components: interaction modeling and influence modeling layer. The interaction modeling layer is responsible for updating the embedding of a user and an item when the user interacts with the item. The influence modeling layer captures the temporal excitation caused by interactions of other users. To integrate the signals obtained from the two layers, we design a novel fusion layer that effectively combines interaction-based and influence-based embeddings to predict final user embedding. Our model outperforms the existing state-of-the-art models from various domains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Study Group Learning: Improving Retinal Vessel Segmentation Trained with Noisy Labels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03451">arxiv:2103.03451</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yuqian Zhou, Hanchao Yu, Humphrey Shi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Retinal vessel segmentation from retinal images is an essential task for developing the computer-aided diagnosis system for retinal diseases. Efforts have been made on high-performance deep learning-based approaches to segment the retinal images in an end-to-end manner. However, the acquisition of retinal vessel images and segmentation labels requires onerous work from professional clinicians, which results in smaller training dataset with incomplete labels. As known, data-driven methods suffer from data insufficiency, and the models will easily over-fit the small-scale training data. Such a situation becomes more severe when the training vessel labels are incomplete or incorrect. In this paper, we propose a Study Group Learning (SGL) scheme to improve the robustness of the model trained on noisy labels. Besides, a learned enhancement map provides better visualization than conventional methods as an auxiliary tool for clinicians. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed method further improves the vessel segmentation performance in DRIVE and CHASE$\_$DB1 datasets, especially when the training labels are noisy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Better SGD using Second-order Momentum</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03265">arxiv:2103.03265</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Hoang Tran, Ashok Cutkosky</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a new algorithm for non-convex stochastic optimization that finds an $ε$-critical point in the optimal $O(ε^{-3})$ stochastic gradient and Hessian-vector product computations. Our algorithm uses Hessian-vector products to "correct" a bias term in the momentum of SGD with momentum. This leads to better gradient estimates in a manner analogous to variance reduction methods. In contrast to prior work, we do not require excessively large batch sizes, and are able to provide an adaptive algorithm whose convergence rate automatically improves with decreasing variance in the gradient estimates. We validate our results on a variety of large-scale deep learning architectures and benchmarks tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning ABCs: Approximate Bijective Correspondence for isolating factors of variation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03240">arxiv:2103.03240</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Kieran A. Murphy, Varun Jampani, Srikumar Ramalingam, Ameesh Makadia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Representational learning forms the backbone of most deep learning applications, and the value of a learned representation is intimately tied to its information content regarding different factors of variation. Finding good representations depends on the nature of supervision and the learning algorithm. We propose a novel algorithm that utilizes a weak form of supervision where the data is partitioned into sets according to certain inactive (common) factors of variation which are invariant across elements of each set. Our key insight is that by seeking correspondence between elements of different sets, we learn strong representations that exclude the inactive factors of variation and isolate the active (varying) factors which vary within all sets. As a consequence of focusing on the active factors, our method can leverage a mix of set-supervised and wholly unsupervised data, which can even belong to a different domain. We tackle the challenging problem of synthetic-to-real object pose transfer, by isolating from images pose information which generalizes to the category level and across the synthetic/real domain gap, even without pose annotations on anything. The method can also boost performance in supervised settings, by strengthening intermediate representations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalization Bounds for Sparse Random Feature Expansions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03191">arxiv:2103.03191</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Abolfazl Hashemi, Hayden Schaeffer, Robert Shi, Ufuk Topcu, Giang Tran, Rachel Ward</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Random feature methods have been successful in various machine learning tasks, are easy to compute, and come with theoretical accuracy bounds. They serve as an alternative approach to standard neural networks since they can represent similar function spaces without a costly training phase. However, for accuracy, random feature methods require more measurements than trainable parameters, limiting their use for data-scarce applications or problems in scientific machine learning. This paper introduces the sparse random feature expansion to obtain parsimonious random feature models. Specifically, we leverage ideas from compressive sensing to generate random feature expansions with theoretical guarantees even in the data-scarce setting. In particular, we provide generalization bounds for functions in a certain class (that is dense in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space) depending on the number of samples and the distribution of features. The generalization bounds improve with additional structural conditions, such as coordinate sparsity, compact clusters of the spectrum, or rapid spectral decay. In particular, by introducing sparse features, i.e. features with random sparse weights, we provide improved bounds for low order functions. We show that the sparse random feature expansions outperforms shallow networks in several scientific machine learning tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pandemic Drugs at Pandemic Speed: Infrastructure for Accelerating COVID-19 Drug Discovery with Hybrid Machine Learning- and Physics-based Simulations on High Performance Computers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.02843">arxiv:2103.02843</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Agastya P. Bhati, Shunzhou Wan, Dario Alfè, Austin R. Clyde, Mathis Bode, Li Tan, Mikhail Titov, Andre Merzky, Matteo Turilli, Shantenu Jha, Roger R. Highfield, Walter Rocchia, Nicola Scafuri, Sauro Succi, Dieter Kranzlmüller, Gerald Mathias, David Wifling, Yann Donon, Alberto Di Meglio, Sofia Vallecorsa, Heng Ma, Anda Trifan, Arvind Ramanathan, Tom Brettin, Alexander Partin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The race to meet the challenges of the global pandemic has served as a reminder that the existing drug discovery process is expensive, inefficient and slow. There is a major bottleneck screening the vast number of potential small molecules to shortlist lead compounds for antiviral drug development. New opportunities to accelerate drug discovery lie at the interface between machine learning methods, in this case developed for linear accelerators, and physics-based methods. The two in silico methods, each have their own advantages and limitations which, interestingly, complement each other. Here, we present an innovative infrastructural development that combines both approaches to accelerate drug discovery. The scale of the potential resulting workflow is such that it is dependent on supercomputing to achieve extremely high throughput. We have demonstrated the viability of this workflow for the study of inhibitors for four COVID-19 target proteins and our ability to perform the required large-scale calculations to identify lead antiviral compounds through repurposing on a variety of supercomputers.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/03/03/2021.03.03.html' | relative_url }})
