## Summary for 2021-11-29, created on 2021-12-18


<details><summary><b>Vector Quantized Diffusion Model for Text-to-Image Synthesis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14822">arxiv:2111.14822</a>
&#x1F4C8; 239 <br>
<p>Shuyang Gu, Dong Chen, Jianmin Bao, Fang Wen, Bo Zhang, Dongdong Chen, Lu Yuan, Baining Guo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present the vector quantized diffusion (VQ-Diffusion) model for text-to-image generation. This method is based on a vector quantized variational autoencoder (VQ-VAE) whose latent space is modeled by a conditional variant of the recently developed Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Model (DDPM). We find that this latent-space method is well-suited for text-to-image generation tasks because it not only eliminates the unidirectional bias with existing methods but also allows us to incorporate a mask-and-replace diffusion strategy to avoid the accumulation of errors, which is a serious problem with existing methods. Our experiments show that the VQ-Diffusion produces significantly better text-to-image generation results when compared with conventional autoregressive (AR) models with similar numbers of parameters. Compared with previous GAN-based text-to-image methods, our VQ-Diffusion can handle more complex scenes and improve the synthesized image quality by a large margin. Finally, we show that the image generation computation in our method can be made highly efficient by reparameterization. With traditional AR methods, the text-to-image generation time increases linearly with the output image resolution and hence is quite time consuming even for normal size images. The VQ-Diffusion allows us to achieve a better trade-off between quality and speed. Our experiments indicate that the VQ-Diffusion model with the reparameterization is fifteen times faster than traditional AR methods while achieving a better image quality.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamic Inference</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14746">arxiv:2111.14746</a>
&#x1F4C8; 236 <br>
<p>Aolin Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traditional statistical estimation, or statistical inference in general, is static, in the sense that the estimate of the quantity of interest does not change the future evolution of the quantity. In some sequential estimation problems however, we encounter the situation where the future values of the quantity to be estimated depend on the estimate of its current value. Examples include stock price prediction by big investors, interactive product recommendation, and behavior prediction in multi-agent systems. We may call such problems as dynamic inference. In this work, a formulation of this problem under a Bayesian probabilistic framework is given, and the optimal estimation strategy is derived as the solution to minimize the overall inference loss. How the optimal estimation strategy works is illustrated through two examples, stock trend prediction and vehicle behavior prediction. When the underlying models for dynamic inference are unknown, we can consider the problem of learning for dynamic inference. This learning problem can potentially unify several familiar machine learning problems, including supervised learning, imitation learning, and reinforcement learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Robust and Adaptive Motion Forecasting: A Causal Representation Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14820">arxiv:2111.14820</a>
&#x1F4C8; 187 <br>
<p>Yuejiang Liu, Riccardo Cadei, Jonas Schweizer, Sherwin Bahmani, Alexandre Alahi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning behavioral patterns from observational data has been a de-facto approach to motion forecasting. Yet, the current paradigm suffers from two shortcomings: brittle under covariate shift and inefficient for knowledge transfer. In this work, we propose to address these challenges from a causal representation perspective. We first introduce a causal formalism of motion forecasting, which casts the problem as a dynamic process with three groups of latent variables, namely invariant mechanisms, style confounders, and spurious features. We then introduce a learning framework that treats each group separately: (i) unlike the common practice of merging datasets collected from different locations, we exploit their subtle distinctions by means of an invariance loss encouraging the model to suppress spurious correlations; (ii) we devise a modular architecture that factorizes the representations of invariant mechanisms and style confounders to approximate a causal graph; (iii) we introduce a style consistency loss that not only enforces the structure of style representations but also serves as a self-supervisory signal for test-time refinement on the fly. Experiment results on synthetic and real datasets show that our three proposed components significantly improve the robustness and reusability of the learned motion representations, outperforming prior state-of-the-art motion forecasting models for out-of-distribution generalization and low-shot transfer.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>End-to-End Referring Video Object Segmentation with Multimodal Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14821">arxiv:2111.14821</a>
&#x1F4C8; 155 <br>
<p>Adam Botach, Evgenii Zheltonozhskii, Chaim Baskin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The referring video object segmentation task (RVOS) involves segmentation of a text-referred object instance in the frames of a given video. Due to the complex nature of this multimodal task, which combines text reasoning, video understanding, instance segmentation and tracking, existing approaches typically rely on sophisticated pipelines in order to tackle it. In this paper, we propose a simple Transformer-based approach to RVOS. Our framework, termed Multimodal Tracking Transformer (MTTR), models the RVOS task as a sequence prediction problem. Following recent advancements in computer vision and natural language processing, MTTR is based on the realization that video and text can both be processed together effectively and elegantly by a single multimodal Transformer model. MTTR is end-to-end trainable, free of text-related inductive bias components and requires no additional mask-refinement post-processing steps. As such, it simplifies the RVOS pipeline considerably compared to existing methods. Evaluation on standard benchmarks reveals that MTTR significantly outperforms previous art across multiple metrics. In particular, MTTR shows impressive +5.7 and +5.0 mAP gains on the A2D-Sentences and JHMDB-Sentences datasets respectively, while processing 76 frames per second. In addition, we report strong results on the public validation set of Refer-YouTube-VOS, a more challenging RVOS dataset that has yet to receive the attention of researchers. The code to reproduce our experiments is available at https://github.com/mttr2021/MTTR

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Image denoising by Super Neurons: Why go deep?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14948">arxiv:2111.14948</a>
&#x1F4C8; 135 <br>
<p>Junaid Malik, Serkan Kiranyaz, Moncef Gabbouj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Classical image denoising methods utilize the non-local self-similarity principle to effectively recover image content from noisy images. Current state-of-the-art methods use deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to effectively learn the mapping from noisy to clean images. Deep denoising CNNs manifest a high learning capacity and integrate non-local information owing to the large receptive field yielded by numerous cascade of hidden layers. However, deep networks are also computationally complex and require large data for training. To address these issues, this study draws the focus on the Self-organized Operational Neural Networks (Self-ONNs) empowered by a novel neuron model that can achieve a similar or better denoising performance with a compact and shallow model. Recently, the concept of super-neurons has been introduced which augment the non-linear transformations of generative neurons by utilizing non-localized kernel locations for an enhanced receptive field size. This is the key accomplishment which renders the need for a deep network configuration. As the integration of non-local information is known to benefit denoising, in this work we investigate the use of super neurons for both synthetic and real-world image denoising. We also discuss the practical issues in implementing the super neuron model on GPUs and propose a trade-off between the heterogeneity of non-localized operations and computational complexity. Our results demonstrate that with the same width and depth, Self-ONNs with super neurons provide a significant boost of denoising performance over the networks with generative and convolutional neurons for both denoising tasks. Moreover, results demonstrate that Self-ONNs with super neurons can achieve a competitive and superior synthetic denoising performances than well-known deep CNN denoisers for synthetic and real-world denoising, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Deep Learning Interpretability by Saliency Guided Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14338">arxiv:2111.14338</a>
&#x1F4C8; 51 <br>
<p>Aya Abdelsalam Ismail, Héctor Corrada Bravo, Soheil Feizi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Saliency methods have been widely used to highlight important input features in model predictions. Most existing methods use backpropagation on a modified gradient function to generate saliency maps. Thus, noisy gradients can result in unfaithful feature attributions. In this paper, we tackle this issue and introduce a {\it saliency guided training}procedure for neural networks to reduce noisy gradients used in predictions while retaining the predictive performance of the model. Our saliency guided training procedure iteratively masks features with small and potentially noisy gradients while maximizing the similarity of model outputs for both masked and unmasked inputs. We apply the saliency guided training procedure to various synthetic and real data sets from computer vision, natural language processing, and time series across diverse neural architectures, including Recurrent Neural Networks, Convolutional Networks, and Transformers. Through qualitative and quantitative evaluations, we show that saliency guided training procedure significantly improves model interpretability across various domains while preserving its predictive performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Zero-Shot Image-to-Text Generation for Visual-Semantic Arithmetic</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14447">arxiv:2111.14447</a>
&#x1F4C8; 15 <br>
<p>Yoad Tewel, Yoav Shalev, Idan Schwartz, Lior Wolf</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent text-to-image matching models apply contrastive learning to large corpora of uncurated pairs of images and sentences. While such models can provide a powerful score for matching and subsequent zero-shot tasks, they are not capable of generating caption given an image. In this work, we repurpose such models to generate a descriptive text given an image at inference time, without any further training or tuning step. This is done by combining the visual-semantic model with a large language model, benefiting from the knowledge in both web-scale models. The resulting captions are much less restrictive than those obtained by supervised captioning methods. Moreover, as a zero-shot learning method, it is extremely flexible and we demonstrate its ability to perform image arithmetic in which the inputs can be either images or text and the output is a sentence. This enables novel high-level vision capabilities such as comparing two images or solving visual analogy tests.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding over-squashing and bottlenecks on graphs via curvature</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14522">arxiv:2111.14522</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Jake Topping, Francesco Di Giovanni, Benjamin Paul Chamberlain, Xiaowen Dong, Michael M. Bronstein</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most graph neural networks (GNNs) use the message passing paradigm, in which node features are propagated on the input graph. Recent works pointed to the distortion of information flowing from distant nodes as a factor limiting the efficiency of message passing for tasks relying on long-distance interactions. This phenomenon, referred to as 'over-squashing', has been heuristically attributed to graph bottlenecks where the number of $k$-hop neighbors grows rapidly with $k$. We provide a precise description of the over-squashing phenomenon in GNNs and analyze how it arises from bottlenecks in the graph. For this purpose, we introduce a new edge-based combinatorial curvature and prove that negatively curved edges are responsible for the over-squashing issue. We also propose and experimentally test a curvature-based graph rewiring method to alleviate the over-squashing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Point-BERT: Pre-training 3D Point Cloud Transformers with Masked Point Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14819">arxiv:2111.14819</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Xumin Yu, Lulu Tang, Yongming Rao, Tiejun Huang, Jie Zhou, Jiwen Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present Point-BERT, a new paradigm for learning Transformers to generalize the concept of BERT to 3D point cloud. Inspired by BERT, we devise a Masked Point Modeling (MPM) task to pre-train point cloud Transformers. Specifically, we first divide a point cloud into several local point patches, and a point cloud Tokenizer with a discrete Variational AutoEncoder (dVAE) is designed to generate discrete point tokens containing meaningful local information. Then, we randomly mask out some patches of input point clouds and feed them into the backbone Transformers. The pre-training objective is to recover the original point tokens at the masked locations under the supervision of point tokens obtained by the Tokenizer. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed BERT-style pre-training strategy significantly improves the performance of standard point cloud Transformers. Equipped with our pre-training strategy, we show that a pure Transformer architecture attains 93.8% accuracy on ModelNet40 and 83.1% accuracy on the hardest setting of ScanObjectNN, surpassing carefully designed point cloud models with much fewer hand-made designs. We also demonstrate that the representations learned by Point-BERT transfer well to new tasks and domains, where our models largely advance the state-of-the-art of few-shot point cloud classification task. The code and pre-trained models are available at https://github.com/lulutang0608/Point-BERT

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Blended Diffusion for Text-driven Editing of Natural Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14818">arxiv:2111.14818</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Omri Avrahami, Dani Lischinski, Ohad Fried</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Natural language offers a highly intuitive interface for image editing. In this paper, we introduce the first solution for performing local (region-based) edits in generic natural images, based on a natural language description along with an ROI mask. We achieve our goal by leveraging and combining a pretrained language-image model (CLIP), to steer the edit towards a user-provided text prompt, with a denoising diffusion probabilistic model (DDPM) to generate natural-looking results. To seamlessly fuse the edited region with the unchanged parts of the image, we spatially blend noised versions of the input image with the local text-guided diffusion latent at a progression of noise levels. In addition, we show that adding augmentations to the diffusion process mitigates adversarial results. We compare against several baselines and related methods, both qualitatively and quantitatively, and show that our method outperforms these solutions in terms of overall realism, ability to preserve the background and matching the text. Finally, we show several text-driven editing applications, including adding a new object to an image, removing/replacing/altering existing objects, background replacement, and image extrapolation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sparse DETR: Efficient End-to-End Object Detection with Learnable Sparsity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14330">arxiv:2111.14330</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Byungseok Roh, JaeWoong Shin, Wuhyun Shin, Saehoon Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** DETR is the first end-to-end object detector using a transformer encoder-decoder architecture and demonstrates competitive performance but low computational efficiency on high resolution feature maps. The subsequent work, Deformable DETR, enhances the efficiency of DETR by replacing dense attention with deformable attention, which achieves 10x faster convergence and improved performance. Deformable DETR uses the multiscale feature to ameliorate performance, however, the number of encoder tokens increases by 20x compared to DETR, and the computation cost of the encoder attention remains a bottleneck. In our preliminary experiment, we observe that the detection performance hardly deteriorates even if only a part of the encoder token is updated. Inspired by this observation, we propose Sparse DETR that selectively updates only the tokens expected to be referenced by the decoder, thus help the model effectively detect objects. In addition, we show that applying an auxiliary detection loss on the selected tokens in the encoder improves the performance while minimizing computational overhead. We validate that Sparse DETR achieves better performance than Deformable DETR even with only 10% encoder tokens on the COCO dataset. Albeit only the encoder tokens are sparsified, the total computation cost decreases by 38% and the frames per second (FPS) increases by 42% compared to Deformable DETR.
  Code is available at https://github.com/kakaobrain/sparse-detr

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deformable ProtoPNet: An Interpretable Image Classifier Using Deformable Prototypes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15000">arxiv:2111.15000</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Jon Donnelly, Alina Jade Barnett, Chaofan Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning has been widely adopted in many domains, including high-stakes applications such as healthcare, finance, and criminal justice. To address concerns of fairness, accountability and transparency, predictions made by machine learning models in these critical domains must be interpretable. One line of work approaches this challenge by integrating the power of deep neural networks and the interpretability of case-based reasoning to produce accurate yet interpretable image classification models. These models generally classify input images by comparing them with prototypes learned during training, yielding explanations in the form of "this looks like that." However, methods from this line of work use spatially rigid prototypes, which cannot explicitly account for pose variations. In this paper, we address this shortcoming by proposing a case-based interpretable neural network that provides spatially flexible prototypes, called a deformable prototypical part network (Deformable ProtoPNet). In a Deformable ProtoPNet, each prototype is made up of several prototypical parts that adaptively change their relative spatial positions depending on the input image. This enables each prototype to detect object features with a higher tolerance to spatial transformations, as the parts within a prototype are allowed to move. Consequently, a Deformable ProtoPNet can explicitly capture pose variations, improving both model accuracy and the richness of explanations provided. Compared to other case-based interpretable models using prototypes, our approach achieves competitive accuracy, gives an explanation with greater context, and is easier to train, thus enabling wider use of interpretable models for computer vision.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MultiPath++: Efficient Information Fusion and Trajectory Aggregation for Behavior Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14973">arxiv:2111.14973</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Balakrishnan Varadarajan, Ahmed Hefny, Avikalp Srivastava, Khaled S. Refaat, Nigamaa Nayakanti, Andre Cornman, Kan Chen, Bertrand Douillard, Chi Pang Lam, Dragomir Anguelov, Benjamin Sapp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Predicting the future behavior of road users is one of the most challenging and important problems in autonomous driving. Applying deep learning to this problem requires fusing heterogeneous world state in the form of rich perception signals and map information, and inferring highly multi-modal distributions over possible futures. In this paper, we present MultiPath++, a future prediction model that achieves state-of-the-art performance on popular benchmarks. MultiPath++ improves the MultiPath architecture by revisiting many design choices. The first key design difference is a departure from dense image-based encoding of the input world state in favor of a sparse encoding of heterogeneous scene elements: MultiPath++ consumes compact and efficient polylines to describe road features, and raw agent state information directly (e.g., position, velocity, acceleration). We propose a context-aware fusion of these elements and develop a reusable multi-context gating fusion component. Second, we reconsider the choice of pre-defined, static anchors, and develop a way to learn latent anchor embeddings end-to-end in the model. Lastly, we explore ensembling and output aggregation techniques -- common in other ML domains -- and find effective variants for our probabilistic multimodal output representation. We perform an extensive ablation on these design choices, and show that our proposed model achieves state-of-the-art performance on the Argoverse Motion Forecasting Competition and the Waymo Open Dataset Motion Prediction Challenge.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Supervised Pre-Training of Swin Transformers for 3D Medical Image Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14791">arxiv:2111.14791</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yucheng Tang, Dong Yang, Wenqi Li, Holger Roth, Bennett Landman, Daguang Xu, Vishwesh Nath, Ali Hatamizadeh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Vision Transformers (ViT)s have shown great performance in self-supervised learning of global and local representations that can be transferred to downstream applications. Inspired by these results, we introduce a novel self-supervised learning framework with tailored proxy tasks for medical image analysis. Specifically, we propose: (i) a new 3D transformer-based model, dubbed Swin UNEt TRansformers (Swin UNETR), with a hierarchical encoder for self-supervised pre-training; (ii) tailored proxy tasks for learning the underlying pattern of human anatomy. We demonstrate successful pre-training of the proposed model on 5,050 publicly available computed tomography (CT) images from various body organs. The effectiveness of our approach is validated by fine-tuning the pre-trained models on the Beyond the Cranial Vault (BTCV) Segmentation Challenge with 13 abdominal organs and segmentation tasks from the Medical Segmentation Decathlon (MSD) dataset. Our model is currently the state-of-the-art (i.e. ranked 1st) on the public test leaderboards of both MSD and BTCV datasets. Code: https://monai.io/research/swin-unetr

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Motion-from-Blur: 3D Shape and Motion Estimation of Motion-blurred Objects in Videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14465">arxiv:2111.14465</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Denys Rozumnyi, Martin R. Oswald, Vittorio Ferrari, Marc Pollefeys</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a method for jointly estimating the 3D motion, 3D shape, and appearance of highly motion-blurred objects from a video. To this end, we model the blurred appearance of a fast moving object in a generative fashion by parametrizing its 3D position, rotation, velocity, acceleration, bounces, shape, and texture over the duration of a predefined time window spanning multiple frames. Using differentiable rendering, we are able to estimate all parameters by minimizing the pixel-wise reprojection error to the input video via backpropagating through a rendering pipeline that accounts for motion blur by averaging the graphics output over short time intervals. For that purpose, we also estimate the camera exposure gap time within the same optimization. To account for abrupt motion changes like bounces, we model the motion trajectory as a piece-wise polynomial, and we are able to estimate the specific time of the bounce at sub-frame accuracy. Experiments on established benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms previous methods for fast moving object deblurring and 3D reconstruction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pessimistic Model Selection for Offline Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14346">arxiv:2111.14346</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Chao-Han Huck Yang, Zhengling Qi, Yifan Cui, Pin-Yu Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) has demonstrated great potentials in solving sequential decision making problems in many applications. Despite its promising performance, practical gaps exist when deploying DRL in real-world scenarios. One main barrier is the over-fitting issue that leads to poor generalizability of the policy learned by DRL. In particular, for offline DRL with observational data, model selection is a challenging task as there is no ground truth available for performance demonstration, in contrast with the online setting with simulated environments. In this work, we propose a pessimistic model selection (PMS) approach for offline DRL with a theoretical guarantee, which features a provably effective framework for finding the best policy among a set of candidate models. Two refined approaches are also proposed to address the potential bias of DRL model in identifying the optimal policy. Numerical studies demonstrated the superior performance of our approach over existing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeDUCE: Generating Counterfactual Explanations Efficiently</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15639">arxiv:2111.15639</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Benedikt Höltgen, Lisa Schut, Jan M. Brauner, Yarin Gal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When an image classifier outputs a wrong class label, it can be helpful to see what changes in the image would lead to a correct classification. This is the aim of algorithms generating counterfactual explanations. However, there is no easily scalable method to generate such counterfactuals. We develop a new algorithm providing counterfactual explanations for large image classifiers trained with spectral normalisation at low computational cost. We empirically compare this algorithm against baselines from the literature; our novel algorithm consistently finds counterfactuals that are much closer to the original inputs. At the same time, the realism of these counterfactuals is comparable to the baselines. The code for all experiments is available at https://github.com/benedikthoeltgen/DeDUCE.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NeuralProphet: Explainable Forecasting at Scale</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15397">arxiv:2111.15397</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Oskar Triebe, Hansika Hewamalage, Polina Pilyugina, Nikolay Laptev, Christoph Bergmeir, Ram Rajagopal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce NeuralProphet, a successor to Facebook Prophet, which set an industry standard for explainable, scalable, and user-friendly forecasting frameworks. With the proliferation of time series data, explainable forecasting remains a challenging task for business and operational decision making. Hybrid solutions are needed to bridge the gap between interpretable classical methods and scalable deep learning models. We view Prophet as a precursor to such a solution. However, Prophet lacks local context, which is essential for forecasting the near-term future and is challenging to extend due to its Stan backend.
  NeuralProphet is a hybrid forecasting framework based on PyTorch and trained with standard deep learning methods, making it easy for developers to extend the framework. Local context is introduced with auto-regression and covariate modules, which can be configured as classical linear regression or as Neural Networks. Otherwise, NeuralProphet retains the design philosophy of Prophet and provides the same basic model components.
  Our results demonstrate that NeuralProphet produces interpretable forecast components of equivalent or superior quality to Prophet on a set of generated time series. NeuralProphet outperforms Prophet on a diverse collection of real-world datasets. For short to medium-term forecasts, NeuralProphet improves forecast accuracy by 55 to 92 percent.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GAN-CNMP: An Interactive Generative Drawing Tool</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14934">arxiv:2111.14934</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>S. Ece Ada, M. Yunus Seker, Pinar Yanardag</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sketches are abstract representations of visual perception and visuospatial construction. In this work, we proposed a new framework, GAN-CNMP, that incorporates a novel adversarial loss on CNMP to increase sketch smoothness and consistency. Through the experiments, we show that our model can be trained with few unlabeled samples, can construct distributions automatically in the latent space, and produces better results than the base model in terms of shape consistency and smoothness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SAGCI-System: Towards Sample-Efficient, Generalizable, Compositional, and Incremental Robot Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14693">arxiv:2111.14693</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Jun Lv, Qiaojun Yu, Lin Shao, Wenhai Liu, Wenqiang Xu, Cewu Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Building general-purpose robots to perform an enormous amount of tasks in a large variety of environments at the human level is notoriously complicated. It requires the robot learning to be sample-efficient, generalizable, compositional, and incremental. In this work, we introduce a systematic learning framework called SAGCI-system towards achieving these above four requirements. Our system first takes the raw point clouds gathered by the camera mounted on the robot's wrist as the inputs and produces initial modeling of the surrounding environment represented as a URDF. Our system adopts a learning-augmented differentiable simulation that loads the URDF. The robot then utilizes the interactive perception to interact with the environments to online verify and modify the URDF. Leveraging the simulation, we propose a new model-based RL algorithm combining object-centric and robot-centric approaches to efficiently produce policies to accomplish manipulation tasks. We apply our system to perform articulated object manipulation, both in the simulation and the real world. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed learning framework. Supplemental materials and videos are available on https://sites.google.com/view/egci.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Changepoint Analysis of Topic Proportions in Temporal Text Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.00827">arxiv:2112.00827</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Avinandan Bose, Soumendu Sundar Mukherjee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Changepoint analysis deals with unsupervised detection and/or estimation of time-points in time-series data, when the distribution generating the data changes. In this article, we consider \emph{offline} changepoint detection in the context of large scale textual data. We build a specialised temporal topic model with provisions for changepoints in the distribution of topic proportions. As full likelihood based inference in this model is computationally intractable, we develop a computationally tractable approximate inference procedure. More specifically, we use sample splitting to estimate topic polytopes first and then apply a likelihood ratio statistic together with a modified version of the wild binary segmentation algorithm of Fryzlewicz et al. (2014). Our methodology facilitates automated detection of structural changes in large corpora without the need of manual processing by domain experts. As changepoints under our model correspond to changes in topic structure, the estimated changepoints are often highly interpretable as marking the surge or decline in popularity of a fashionable topic. We apply our procedure on two large datasets: (i) a corpus of English literature from the period 1800-1922 (Underwoodet al., 2015); (ii) abstracts from the High Energy Physics arXiv repository (Clementet al., 2019). We obtain some historically well-known changepoints and discover some new ones.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Aerial Images Meet Crowdsourced Trajectories: A New Approach to Robust Road Extraction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15119">arxiv:2111.15119</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lingbo Liu, Zewei Yang, Guanbin Li, Kuo Wang, Tianshui Chen, Liang Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Land remote sensing analysis is a crucial research in earth science. In this work, we focus on a challenging task of land analysis, i.e., automatic extraction of traffic roads from remote sensing data, which has widespread applications in urban development and expansion estimation. Nevertheless, conventional methods either only utilized the limited information of aerial images, or simply fused multimodal information (e.g., vehicle trajectories), thus cannot well recognize unconstrained roads. To facilitate this problem, we introduce a novel neural network framework termed Cross-Modal Message Propagation Network (CMMPNet), which fully benefits the complementary different modal data (i.e., aerial images and crowdsourced trajectories). Specifically, CMMPNet is composed of two deep Auto-Encoders for modality-specific representation learning and a tailor-designed Dual Enhancement Module for cross-modal representation refinement. In particular, the complementary information of each modality is comprehensively extracted and dynamically propagated to enhance the representation of another modality. Extensive experiments on three real-world benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our CMMPNet for robust road extraction benefiting from blending different modal data, either using image and trajectory data or image and Lidar data. From the experimental results, we observe that the proposed approach outperforms current state-of-the-art methods by large margins.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ePose: Let's Make EfficientPose More Generally Applicable</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15114">arxiv:2111.15114</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Austin Lally, Robert Bain, Mazen Alotaibi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** EfficientPose is an impressive 3D object detection model. It has been demonstrated to be quick, scalable, and accurate, especially when considering that it uses only RGB inputs. In this paper we try to improve on EfficientPose by giving it the ability to infer an object's size, and by simplifying both the data collection and loss calculations. We evaluated ePose using the Linemod dataset and a new subset of it called "Occlusion 1-class". We also outline our current progress and thoughts about using ePose with the NuScenes and the 2017 KITTI 3D Object Detection datasets. The source code is available at https://github.com/tbd-clip/EfficientPose.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Trust the Critics: Generatorless and Multipurpose WGANs with Initial Convergence Guarantees</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15099">arxiv:2111.15099</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Tristan Milne, Étienne Bilocq, Adrian Nachman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Inspired by ideas from optimal transport theory we present Trust the Critics (TTC), a new algorithm for generative modelling. This algorithm eliminates the trainable generator from a Wasserstein GAN; instead, it iteratively modifies the source data using gradient descent on a sequence of trained critic networks. This is motivated in part by the misalignment which we observed between the optimal transport directions provided by the gradients of the critic and the directions in which data points actually move when parametrized by a trainable generator. Previous work has arrived at similar ideas from different viewpoints, but our basis in optimal transport theory motivates the choice of an adaptive step size which greatly accelerates convergence compared to a constant step size. Using this step size rule, we prove an initial geometric convergence rate in the case of source distributions with densities. These convergence rates cease to apply only when a non-negligible set of generated data is essentially indistinguishable from real data. Resolving the misalignment issue improves performance, which we demonstrate in experiments that show that given a fixed number of training epochs, TTC produces higher quality images than a comparable WGAN, albeit at increased memory requirements. In addition, TTC provides an iterative formula for the transformed density, which traditional WGANs do not. Finally, TTC can be applied to map any source distribution onto any target; we demonstrate through experiments that TTC can obtain competitive performance in image generation, translation, and denoising without dedicated algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EAGAN: Efficient Two-stage Evolutionary Architecture Search for GANs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15097">arxiv:2111.15097</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Guohao Ying, Xin He, Bin Gao, Bo Han, Xiaowen Chu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been proven hugely successful in image generation tasks, but GAN training has the problem of instability. Many works have improved the stability of GAN training by manually modifying the GAN architecture, which requires human expertise and extensive trial-and-error. Thus, neural architecture search (NAS), which aims to automate the model design, has been applied to search GANs on the task of unconditional image generation. The early NAS-GAN works only search generators for reducing the difficulty. Some recent works have attempted to search both generator (G) and discriminator (D) to improve GAN performance, but they still suffer from the instability of GAN training during the search. To alleviate the instability issue, we propose an efficient two-stage evolutionary algorithm (EA) based NAS framework to discover GANs, dubbed \textbf{EAGAN}. Specifically, we decouple the search of G and D into two stages and propose the weight-resetting strategy to improve the stability of GAN training. Besides, we perform evolution operations to produce the Pareto-front architectures based on multiple objectives, resulting in a superior combination of G and D. By leveraging the weight-sharing strategy and low-fidelity evaluation, EAGAN can significantly shorten the search time. EAGAN achieves highly competitive results on the CIFAR-10 (IS=8.81$\pm$0.10, FID=9.91) and surpasses previous NAS-searched GANs on the STL-10 dataset (IS=10.44$\pm$0.087, FID=22.18).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Catch Me If You Hear Me: Audio-Visual Navigation in Complex Unmapped Environments with Moving Sounds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14843">arxiv:2111.14843</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Abdelrahman Younes, Daniel Honerkamp, Tim Welschehold, Abhinav Valada</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Audio-visual navigation combines sight and hearing to navigate to a sound-emitting source in an unmapped environment. While recent approaches have demonstrated the benefits of audio input to detect and find the goal, they focus on clean and static sound sources and struggle to generalize to unheard sounds. In this work, we propose the novel dynamic audio-visual navigation benchmark which requires to catch a moving sound source in an environment with noisy and distracting sounds. We introduce a reinforcement learning approach that learns a robust navigation policy for these complex settings. To achieve this, we propose an architecture that fuses audio-visual information in the spatial feature space to learn correlations of geometric information inherent in both local maps and audio signals. We demonstrate that our approach consistently outperforms the current state-of-the-art by a large margin across all tasks of moving sounds, unheard sounds, and noisy environments, on two challenging 3D scanned real-world environments, namely Matterport3D and Replica. The benchmark is available at http://dav-nav.cs.uni-freiburg.de.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Do We Still Need Automatic Speech Recognition for Spoken Language Understanding?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14842">arxiv:2111.14842</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lasse Borgholt, Jakob Drachmann Havtorn, Mostafa Abdou, Joakim Edin, Lars Maaløe, Anders Søgaard, Christian Igel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spoken language understanding (SLU) tasks are usually solved by first transcribing an utterance with automatic speech recognition (ASR) and then feeding the output to a text-based model. Recent advances in self-supervised representation learning for speech data have focused on improving the ASR component. We investigate whether representation learning for speech has matured enough to replace ASR in SLU. We compare learned speech features from wav2vec 2.0, state-of-the-art ASR transcripts, and the ground truth text as input for a novel speech-based named entity recognition task, a cardiac arrest detection task on real-world emergency calls and two existing SLU benchmarks. We show that learned speech features are superior to ASR transcripts on three classification tasks. For machine translation, ASR transcripts are still the better choice. We highlight the intrinsic robustness of wav2vec 2.0 representations to out-of-vocabulary words as key to better performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Attacks in Cooperative AI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14833">arxiv:2111.14833</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Ted Fujimoto, Arthur Paul Pedersen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Single-agent reinforcement learning algorithms in a multi-agent environment are inadequate for fostering cooperation. If intelligent agents are to interact and work together to solve complex problems, methods that counter non-cooperative behavior are needed to facilitate the training of multiple agents. This is the goal of cooperative AI. Recent work in adversarial machine learning, however, shows that models (e.g., image classifiers) can be easily deceived into making incorrect decisions. In addition, some past research in cooperative AI has relied on new notions of representations, like public beliefs, to accelerate the learning of optimally cooperative behavior. Hence, cooperative AI might introduce new weaknesses not investigated in previous machine learning research. In this paper, our contributions include: (1) arguing that three algorithms inspired by human-like social intelligence introduce new vulnerabilities, unique to cooperative AI, that adversaries can exploit, and (2) an experiment showing that simple, adversarial perturbations on the agents' beliefs can negatively impact performance. This evidence points to the possibility that formal representations of social behavior are vulnerable to adversarial attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Nonuniform-to-Uniform Quantization: Towards Accurate Quantization via Generalized Straight-Through Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14826">arxiv:2111.14826</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Zechun Liu, Kwang-Ting Cheng, Dong Huang, Eric Xing, Zhiqiang Shen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The nonuniform quantization strategy for compressing neural networks usually achieves better performance than its counterpart, i.e., uniform strategy, due to its superior representational capacity. However, many nonuniform quantization methods overlook the complicated projection process in implementing the nonuniformly quantized weights/activations, which incurs non-negligible time and space overhead in hardware deployment. In this study, we propose Nonuniform-to-Uniform Quantization (N2UQ), a method that can maintain the strong representation ability of nonuniform methods while being hardware-friendly and efficient as the uniform quantization for model inference. We achieve this through learning the flexible in-equidistant input thresholds to better fit the underlying distribution while quantizing these real-valued inputs into equidistant output levels. To train the quantized network with learnable input thresholds, we introduce a generalized straight-through estimator (G-STE) for intractable backward derivative calculation w.r.t. threshold parameters. Additionally, we consider entropy preserving regularization to further reduce information loss in weight quantization. Even under this adverse constraint of imposing uniformly quantized weights and activations, our N2UQ outperforms state-of-the-art nonuniform quantization methods by 0.7~1.8% on ImageNet, demonstrating the contribution of N2UQ design. Code will be made publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Latent Transformations via NeuralODEs for GAN-based Image Editing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14825">arxiv:2111.14825</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Valentin Khrulkov, Leyla Mirvakhabova, Ivan Oseledets, Artem Babenko</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances in high-fidelity semantic image editing heavily rely on the presumably disentangled latent spaces of the state-of-the-art generative models, such as StyleGAN. Specifically, recent works show that it is possible to achieve decent controllability of attributes in face images via linear shifts along with latent directions. Several recent methods address the discovery of such directions, implicitly assuming that the state-of-the-art GANs learn the latent spaces with inherently linearly separable attribute distributions and semantic vector arithmetic properties.
  In our work, we show that nonlinear latent code manipulations realized as flows of a trainable Neural ODE are beneficial for many practical non-face image domains with more complex non-textured factors of variation. In particular, we investigate a large number of datasets with known attributes and demonstrate that certain attribute manipulations are challenging to obtain with linear shifts only.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Function Approximation for High-Energy Physics: Comparing Machine Learning and Interpolation Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14788">arxiv:2111.14788</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Ibrahim Chahrour, James D. Wells</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The need to approximate functions is ubiquitous in science, either due to empirical constraints or high computational cost of accessing the function. In high-energy physics, the precise computation of the scattering cross-section of a process requires the evaluation of computationally intensive integrals. A wide variety of methods in machine learning have been used to tackle this problem, but often the motivation of using one method over another is lacking. Comparing these methods is typically highly dependent on the problem at hand, so we specify to the case where we can evaluate the function a large number of times, after which quick and accurate evaluation can take place. We consider four interpolation and three machine learning techniques and compare their performance on three toy functions, the four-point scalar Passarino-Veltman $D_0$ function, and the two-loop self-energy master integral $M$. We find that in low dimensions ($d = 3$), traditional interpolation techniques like the Radial Basis Function perform very well, but in higher dimensions ($d=5, 6, 9$) we find that multi-layer perceptrons (a.k.a neural networks) do not suffer as much from the curse of dimensionality and provide the fastest and most accurate predictions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding Out-of-distribution: A Perspective of Data Dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14730">arxiv:2111.14730</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dyah Adila, Dongyeop Kang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite machine learning models' success in Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks, predictions from these models frequently fail on out-of-distribution (OOD) samples. Prior works have focused on developing state-of-the-art methods for detecting OOD. The fundamental question of how OOD samples differ from in-distribution samples remains unanswered. This paper explores how data dynamics in training models can be used to understand the fundamental differences between OOD and in-distribution samples in extensive detail. We found that syntactic characteristics of the data samples that the model consistently predicts incorrectly in both OOD and in-distribution cases directly contradict each other. In addition, we observed preliminary evidence supporting the hypothesis that models are more likely to latch on trivial syntactic heuristics (e.g., overlap of words between two sentences) when making predictions on OOD samples. We hope our preliminary study accelerates the data-centric analysis on various machine learning phenomena.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring Alignment of Representations with Human Perception</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14726">arxiv:2111.14726</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Vedant Nanda, Ayan Majumdar, Camila Kolling, John P. Dickerson, Krishna P. Gummadi, Bradley C. Love, Adrian Weller</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We argue that a valuable perspective on when a model learns \textit{good} representations is that inputs that are mapped to similar representations by the model should be perceived similarly by humans. We use \textit{representation inversion} to generate multiple inputs that map to the same model representation, then quantify the perceptual similarity of these inputs via human surveys. Our approach yields a measure of the extent to which a model is aligned with human perception. Using this measure of alignment, we evaluate models trained with various learning paradigms (\eg~supervised and self-supervised learning) and different training losses (standard and robust training). Our results suggest that the alignment of representations with human perception provides useful additional insights into the qualities of a model. For example, we find that alignment with human perception can be used as a measure of trust in a model's prediction on inputs where different models have conflicting outputs. We also find that various properties of a model like its architecture, training paradigm, training loss, and data augmentation play a significant role in learning representations that are aligned with human perception.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Similarity Contrastive Estimation for Self-Supervised Soft Contrastive Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14585">arxiv:2111.14585</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Julien Denize, Jaonary Rabarisoa, Astrid Orcesi, Romain Hérault, Stéphane Canu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Contrastive representation learning has proven to be an effective self-supervised learning method. Most successful approaches are based on the Noise Contrastive Estimation (NCE) paradigm and consider different views of an instance as positives and other instances as noise that positives should be contrasted with. However, all instances in a dataset are drawn from the same distribution and share underlying semantic information that should not be considered as noise. We argue that a good data representation contains the relations, or semantic similarity, between the instances. Contrastive learning implicitly learns relations but considers the negatives as noise which is harmful to the quality of the learned relations and therefore the quality of the representation. To circumvent this issue we propose a novel formulation of contrastive learning using semantic similarity between instances called Similarity Contrastive Estimation (SCE). Our training objective can be considered as soft contrastive learning. Instead of hard classifying positives and negatives, we propose a continuous distribution to push or pull instances based on their semantic similarities. The target similarity distribution is computed from weak augmented instances and sharpened to eliminate irrelevant relations. Each weak augmented instance is paired with a strong augmented instance that contrasts its positive while maintaining the target similarity distribution. Experimental results show that our proposed SCE outperforms its baselines MoCov2 and ReSSL on various datasets and is competitive with state-of-the-art algorithms on the ImageNet linear evaluation protocol.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Just Least Squares: Binary Compressive Sampling with Low Generative Intrinsic Dimension</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14486">arxiv:2111.14486</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yuling Jiao, Dingwei Li, Min Liu, Xiangliang Lu, Yuanyuan Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we consider recovering $n$ dimensional signals from $m$ binary measurements corrupted by noises and sign flips under the assumption that the target signals have low generative intrinsic dimension, i.e., the target signals can be approximately generated via an $L$-Lipschitz generator $G: \mathbb{R}^k\rightarrow\mathbb{R}^{n}, k\ll n$. Although the binary measurements model is highly nonlinear, we propose a least square decoder and prove that, up to a constant $c$, with high probability, the least square decoder achieves a sharp estimation error $\mathcal{O} (\sqrt{\frac{k\log (Ln)}{m}})$ as long as $m\geq \mathcal{O}( k\log (Ln))$. Extensive numerical simulations and comparisons with state-of-the-art methods demonstrated the least square decoder is robust to noise and sign flips, as indicated by our theory. By constructing a ReLU network with properly chosen depth and width, we verify the (approximately) deep generative prior, which is of independent interest.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Image Denoising with Frequency Domain Knowledge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14362">arxiv:2111.14362</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Nahyun Kim, Donggon Jang, Sunhyeok Lee, Bomi Kim, Dae-Shik Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Supervised learning-based methods yield robust denoising results, yet they are inherently limited by the need for large-scale clean/noisy paired datasets. The use of unsupervised denoisers, on the other hand, necessitates a more detailed understanding of the underlying image statistics. In particular, it is well known that apparent differences between clean and noisy images are most prominent on high-frequency bands, justifying the use of low-pass filters as part of conventional image preprocessing steps. However, most learning-based denoising methods utilize only one-sided information from the spatial domain without considering frequency domain information. To address this limitation, in this study we propose a frequency-sensitive unsupervised denoising method. To this end, a generative adversarial network (GAN) is used as a base structure. Subsequently, we include spectral discriminator and frequency reconstruction loss to transfer frequency knowledge into the generator. Results using natural and synthetic datasets indicate that our unsupervised learning method augmented with frequency information achieves state-of-the-art denoising performance, suggesting that frequency domain information could be a viable factor in improving the overall performance of unsupervised learning-based methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Equitable modelling of brain imaging by counterfactual augmentation with morphologically constrained 3D deep generative models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14923">arxiv:2111.14923</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Guilherme Pombo, Robert Gray, Jorge Cardoso, Sebastien Ourselin, Geraint Rees, John Ashburner, Parashkev Nachev</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We describe Countersynth, a conditional generative model of diffeomorphic deformations that induce label-driven, biologically plausible changes in volumetric brain images. The model is intended to synthesise counterfactual training data augmentations for downstream discriminative modelling tasks where fidelity is limited by data imbalance, distributional instability, confounding, or underspecification, and exhibits inequitable performance across distinct subpopulations. Focusing on demographic attributes, we evaluate the quality of synthesized counterfactuals with voxel-based morphometry, classification and regression of the conditioning attributes, and the Fréchet inception distance. Examining downstream discriminative performance in the context of engineered demographic imbalance and confounding, we use UK Biobank magnetic resonance imaging data to benchmark CounterSynth augmentation against current solutions to these problems. We achieve state-of-the-art improvements, both in overall fidelity and equity. The source code for CounterSynth is available online.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>UBoCo : Unsupervised Boundary Contrastive Learning for Generic Event Boundary Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14799">arxiv:2111.14799</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hyolim Kang, Jinwoo Kim, Taehyun Kim, Seon Joo Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generic Event Boundary Detection (GEBD) is a newly suggested video understanding task that aims to find one level deeper semantic boundaries of events. Bridging the gap between natural human perception and video understanding, it has various potential applications, including interpretable and semantically valid video parsing. Still at an early development stage, existing GEBD solvers are simple extensions of relevant video understanding tasks, disregarding GEBD's distinctive characteristics. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for unsupervised/supervised GEBD, by using the Temporal Self-similarity Matrix (TSM) as the video representation. The new Recursive TSM Parsing (RTP) algorithm exploits local diagonal patterns in TSM to detect boundaries, and it is combined with the Boundary Contrastive (BoCo) loss to train our encoder to generate more informative TSMs. Our framework can be applied to both unsupervised and supervised settings, with both achieving state-of-the-art performance by a huge margin in GEBD benchmark. Especially, our unsupervised method outperforms the previous state-of-the-art "supervised" model, implying its exceptional efficacy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph Embedding via High Dimensional Model Representation for Hyperspectral Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14680">arxiv:2111.14680</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Gulsen Taskin, Gustau Camps-Valls</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning the manifold structure of remote sensing images is of paramount relevance for modeling and understanding processes, as well as to encapsulate the high dimensionality in a reduced set of informative features for subsequent classification, regression, or unmixing. Manifold learning methods have shown excellent performance to deal with hyperspectral image (HSI) analysis but, unless specifically designed, they cannot provide an explicit embedding map readily applicable to out-of-sample data. A common assumption to deal with the problem is that the transformation between the high-dimensional input space and the (typically low) latent space is linear. This is a particularly strong assumption, especially when dealing with hyperspectral images due to the well-known nonlinear nature of the data. To address this problem, a manifold learning method based on High Dimensional Model Representation (HDMR) is proposed, which enables to present a nonlinear embedding function to project out-of-sample samples into the latent space. The proposed method is compared to manifold learning methods along with its linear counterparts and achieves promising performance in terms of classification accuracy of a representative set of hyperspectral images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Fair Classifiers with Partially Annotated Group Labels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14581">arxiv:2111.14581</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Sangwon Jung, Sanghyuk Chun, Taesup Moon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, fairness-aware learning have become increasingly crucial, but we note that most of those methods operate by assuming the availability of fully annotated group-labels. We emphasize that such assumption is unrealistic for real-world applications since group label annotations are expensive and can conflict with privacy issues. In this paper, we consider a more practical scenario, dubbed as Algorithmic Fairness with the Partially annotated Group labels (Fair-PG). We observe that the existing fairness methods, which only use the data with group-labels, perform even worse than the vanilla training, which simply uses full data only with target labels, under Fair-PG. To address this problem, we propose a simple Confidence-based Group Label assignment (CGL) strategy that is readily applicable to any fairness-aware learning method. Our CGL utilizes an auxiliary group classifier to assign pseudo group labels, where random labels are assigned to low confident samples. We first theoretically show that our method design is better than the vanilla pseudo-labeling strategy in terms of fairness criteria. Then, we empirically show for UTKFace, CelebA and COMPAS datasets that by combining CGL and the state-of-the-art fairness-aware in-processing methods, the target accuracies and the fairness metrics are jointly improved compared to the baseline methods. Furthermore, we convincingly show that our CGL enables to naturally augment the given group-labeled dataset with external datasets only with target labels so that both accuracy and fairness metrics can be improved. We will release our implementation publicly to make future research reproduce our results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MedRDF: A Robust and Retrain-Less Diagnostic Framework for Medical Pretrained Models Against Adversarial Attack</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14564">arxiv:2111.14564</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mengting Xu, Tao Zhang, Daoqiang Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks are discovered to be non-robust when attacked by imperceptible adversarial examples, which is dangerous for it applied into medical diagnostic system that requires high reliability. However, the defense methods that have good effect in natural images may not be suitable for medical diagnostic tasks. The preprocessing methods (e.g., random resizing, compression) may lead to the loss of the small lesions feature in the medical image. Retraining the network on the augmented data set is also not practical for medical models that have already been deployed online. Accordingly, it is necessary to design an easy-to-deploy and effective defense framework for medical diagnostic tasks. In this paper, we propose a Robust and Retrain-Less Diagnostic Framework for Medical pretrained models against adversarial attack (i.e., MedRDF). It acts on the inference time of the pertained medical model. Specifically, for each test image, MedRDF firstly creates a large number of noisy copies of it, and obtains the output labels of these copies from the pretrained medical diagnostic model. Then, based on the labels of these copies, MedRDF outputs the final robust diagnostic result by majority voting. In addition to the diagnostic result, MedRDF produces the Robust Metric (RM) as the confidence of the result. Therefore, it is convenient and reliable to utilize MedRDF to convert pre-trained non-robust diagnostic models into robust ones. The experimental results on COVID-19 and DermaMNIST datasets verify the effectiveness of our MedRDF in improving the robustness of medical diagnostic models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Instance-wise Occlusion and Depth Orders in Natural Scenes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14562">arxiv:2111.14562</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hyunmin Lee, Jaesik Park</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we introduce a new dataset, named InstaOrder, that can be used to understand the spatial relationships of instances in a 3D space. The dataset consists of 2.9M annotations of geometric orderings for class-labeled instances in 101K natural scenes. The scenes were annotated by 3,659 crowd-workers regarding (1) occlusion order that identifies occluder/occludee and (2) depth order that describes ordinal relations that consider relative distance from the camera. The dataset provides joint annotation of two kinds of orderings for the same instances, and we discover that the occlusion order and depth order are complementary. We also introduce a geometric order prediction network called InstaOrderNet, which is superior to state-of-the-art approaches. Moreover, we propose InstaDepthNet that uses auxiliary geometric order loss to boost the instance-wise depth prediction accuracy of MiDaS. These contributions to geometric scene understanding will help to improve the accuracy of various computer vision tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Effectiveness of Neural Ensembles for Image Classification with Small Datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14493">arxiv:2111.14493</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Lorenzo Brigato, Luca Iocchi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks represent the gold standard for image classification. However, they usually need large amounts of data to reach superior performance. In this work, we focus on image classification problems with a few labeled examples per class and improve data efficiency by using an ensemble of relatively small networks. For the first time, our work broadly studies the existing concept of neural ensembling in domains with small data, through extensive validation using popular datasets and architectures. We compare ensembles of networks to their deeper or wider single competitors given a total fixed computational budget. We show that ensembling relatively shallow networks is a simple yet effective technique that is generally better than current state-of-the-art approaches for learning from small datasets. Finally, we present our interpretation according to which neural ensembles are more sample efficient because they learn simpler functions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Federated Learning for execution time-based device model identification under label-flipping attack</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14434">arxiv:2111.14434</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Pedro Miguel Sánchez Sánchez, Alberto Huertas Celdrán, José Rafael Buendía Rubio, Gérôme Bovet, Gregorio Martínez Pérez</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The computing device deployment explosion experienced in recent years, motivated by the advances of technologies such as Internet-of-Things (IoT) and 5G, has led to a global scenario with increasing cybersecurity risks and threats. Among them, device spoofing and impersonation cyberattacks stand out due to their impact and, usually, low complexity required to be launched. To solve this issue, several solutions have emerged to identify device models and types based on the combination of behavioral fingerprinting and Machine/Deep Learning (ML/DL) techniques. However, these solutions are not appropriated for scenarios where data privacy and protection is a must, as they require data centralization for processing. In this context, newer approaches such as Federated Learning (FL) have not been fully explored yet, especially when malicious clients are present in the scenario setup. The present work analyzes and compares the device model identification performance of a centralized DL model with an FL one while using execution time-based events. For experimental purposes, a dataset containing execution-time features of 55 Raspberry Pis belonging to four different models has been collected and published. Using this dataset, the proposed solution achieved 0.9999 accuracy in both setups, centralized and federated, showing no performance decrease while preserving data privacy. Later, the impact of a label-flipping attack during the federated model training is evaluated, using several aggregation mechanisms as countermeasure. Zeno and coordinate-wise median aggregation show the best performance, although their performance greatly degrades when the percentage of fully malicious clients (all training samples poisoned) grows over 50%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving traffic sign recognition by active search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14426">arxiv:2111.14426</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>S. Jaghouar, H. Gustafsson, B. Mehlig, E. Werner, N. Gustafsson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We describe an iterative active-learning algorithm to recognise rare traffic signs. A standard ResNet is trained on a training set containing only a single sample of the rare class. We demonstrate that by sorting the samples of a large, unlabeled set by the estimated probability of belonging to the rare class, we can efficiently identify samples from the rare class. This works despite the fact that this estimated probability is usually quite low. A reliable active-learning loop is obtained by labeling these candidate samples, including them in the training set, and iterating the procedure. Further, we show that we get similar results starting from a single synthetic sample. Our results are important as they indicate a straightforward way of improving traffic-sign recognition for automated driving systems. In addition, they show that we can make use of the information hidden in low confidence outputs, which is usually ignored.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhanced Transfer Learning Through Medical Imaging and Patient Demographic Data Fusion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14388">arxiv:2111.14388</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Spencer A. Thomas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we examine the performance enhancement in classification of medical imaging data when image features are combined with associated non-image data. We compare the performance of eight state-of-the-art deep neural networks in classification tasks when using only image features, compared to when these are combined with patient metadata. We utilise transfer learning with networks pretrained on ImageNet used directly as feature extractors and fine tuned on the target domain. Our experiments show that performance can be significantly enhanced with the inclusion of metadata and use interpretability methods to identify which features lead to these enhancements. Furthermore, our results indicate that the performance enhancement for natural medical imaging (e.g. optical images) benefit most from direct use of pre-trained models, whereas non natural images (e.g. representations of non imaging data) benefit most from fine tuning pre-trained networks. These enhancements come at a negligible additional cost in computation time, and therefore is a practical method for other applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Heterogeneous Visible-Thermal and Visible-Infrared Face Recognition using Unit-Class Loss and Cross-Modality Discriminator</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14339">arxiv:2111.14339</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Usman Cheema, Mobeen Ahmad, Dongil Han, Seungbin Moon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visible-to-thermal face image matching is a challenging variate of cross-modality recognition. The challenge lies in the large modality gap and low correlation between visible and thermal modalities. Existing approaches employ image preprocessing, feature extraction, or common subspace projection, which are independent problems in themselves. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end framework for cross-modal face recognition. The proposed algorithm aims to learn identity-discriminative features from unprocessed facial images and identify cross-modal image pairs. A novel Unit-Class Loss is proposed for preserving identity information while discarding modality information. In addition, a Cross-Modality Discriminator block is proposed for integrating image-pair classification capability into the network. The proposed network can be used to extract modality-independent vector representations or a matching-pair classification for test images. Our cross-modality face recognition experiments on five independent databases demonstrate that the proposed method achieves marked improvement over existing state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Geometric Occam's Razor Implicit in Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15090">arxiv:2111.15090</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Benoit Dherin, Michael Munn, David G. T. Barrett</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In over-parameterized deep neural networks there can be many possible parameter configurations that fit the training data exactly. However, the properties of these interpolating solutions are poorly understood. We argue that over-parameterized neural networks trained with stochastic gradient descent are subject to a Geometric Occam's Razor; that is, these networks are implicitly regularized by the geometric model complexity. For one-dimensional regression, the geometric model complexity is simply given by the arc length of the function. For higher-dimensional settings, the geometric model complexity depends on the Dirichlet energy of the function. We explore the relationship between this Geometric Occam's Razor, the Dirichlet energy and other known forms of implicit regularization. Finally, for ResNets trained on CIFAR-10, we observe that Dirichlet energy measurements are consistent with the action of this implicit Geometric Occam's Razor.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SurvODE: Extrapolating Gene Expression Distribution for Early Cancer Identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15080">arxiv:2111.15080</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Tong Chen, Sheng Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the increasingly available large-scale cancer genomics datasets, machine learning approaches have played an important role in revealing novel insights into cancer development. Existing methods have shown encouraging performance in identifying genes that are predictive for cancer survival, but are still limited in modeling the distribution over genes. Here, we proposed a novel method that can simulate the gene expression distribution at any given time point, including those that are out of the range of the observed time points. In order to model the irregular time series where each patient is one observation, we integrated a neural ordinary differential equation (neural ODE) with cox regression into our framework. We evaluated our method on eight cancer types on TCGA and observed a substantial improvement over existing approaches. Our visualization results and further analysis indicate how our method can be used to simulate expression at the early cancer stage, offering the possibility for early cancer identification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Communication-Efficient Federated Learning via Quantized Compressed Sensing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15071">arxiv:2111.15071</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yongjeong Oh, Namyoon Lee, Yo-Seb Jeon, H. Vincent Poor</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present a communication-efficient federated learning framework inspired by quantized compressed sensing. The presented framework consists of gradient compression for wireless devices and gradient reconstruction for a parameter server (PS). Our strategy for gradient compression is to sequentially perform block sparsification, dimensional reduction, and quantization. Thanks to gradient sparsification and quantization, our strategy can achieve a higher compression ratio than one-bit gradient compression. For accurate aggregation of the local gradients from the compressed signals at the PS, we put forth an approximate minimum mean square error (MMSE) approach for gradient reconstruction using the expectation-maximization generalized-approximate-message-passing (EM-GAMP) algorithm. Assuming Bernoulli Gaussian-mixture prior, this algorithm iteratively updates the posterior mean and variance of local gradients from the compressed signals. We also present a low-complexity approach for the gradient reconstruction. In this approach, we use the Bussgang theorem to aggregate local gradients from the compressed signals, then compute an approximate MMSE estimate of the aggregated gradient using the EM-GAMP algorithm. We also provide a convergence rate analysis of the presented framework. Using the MNIST dataset, we demonstrate that the presented framework achieves almost identical performance with the case that performs no compression, while significantly reducing communication overhead for federated learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving the Segmentation of Pediatric Low-Grade Gliomas through Multitask Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14959">arxiv:2111.14959</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Partoo Vafaeikia, Matthias W. Wagner, Uri Tabori, Birgit B. Ertl-Wagner, Farzad Khalvati</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Brain tumor segmentation is a critical task for tumor volumetric analyses and AI algorithms. However, it is a time-consuming process and requires neuroradiology expertise. While there has been extensive research focused on optimizing brain tumor segmentation in the adult population, studies on AI guided pediatric tumor segmentation are scarce. Furthermore, MRI signal characteristics of pediatric and adult brain tumors differ, necessitating the development of segmentation algorithms specifically designed for pediatric brain tumors. We developed a segmentation model trained on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of pediatric patients with low-grade gliomas (pLGGs) from The Hospital for Sick Children (Toronto, Ontario, Canada). The proposed model utilizes deep Multitask Learning (dMTL) by adding tumor's genetic alteration classifier as an auxiliary task to the main network, ultimately improving the accuracy of the segmentation results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Localized Perturbations For Weakly-Supervised Segmentation of Glioma Brain Tumours</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14953">arxiv:2111.14953</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sajith Rajapaksa, Farzad Khalvati</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become an essential tool in the medical imaging-based computer-aided diagnostic pipeline. However, training accurate and reliable CNNs requires large fine-grain annotated datasets. To alleviate this, weakly-supervised methods can be used to obtain local information from global labels. This work proposes the use of localized perturbations as a weakly-supervised solution to extract segmentation masks of brain tumours from a pretrained 3D classification model. Furthermore, we propose a novel optimal perturbation method that exploits 3D superpixels to find the most relevant area for a given classification using a U-net architecture. Our method achieved a Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) of 0.44 when compared with expert annotations. When compared against Grad-CAM, our method outperformed both in visualization and localization ability of the tumour region, with Grad-CAM only achieving 0.11 average DSC.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distribution Shift in Airline Customer Behavior during COVID-19</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14938">arxiv:2111.14938</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Abhinav Garg, Naman Shukla, Lavanya Marla, Sriram Somanchi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traditional AI approaches in customized (personalized) contextual pricing applications assume that the data distribution at the time of online pricing is similar to that observed during training. However, this assumption may be violated in practice because of the dynamic nature of customer buying patterns, particularly due to unanticipated system shocks such as COVID-19. We study the changes in customer behavior for a major airline during the COVID-19 pandemic by framing it as a covariate shift and concept drift detection problem. We identify which customers changed their travel and purchase behavior and the attributes affecting that change using (i) Fast Generalized Subset Scanning and (ii) Causal Forests. In our experiments with simulated and real-world data, we present how these two techniques can be used through qualitative analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bounding the Last Mile: Efficient Learned String Indexing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14905">arxiv:2111.14905</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Benjamin Spector, Andreas Kipf, Kapil Vaidya, Chi Wang, Umar Farooq Minhas, Tim Kraska</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce the RadixStringSpline (RSS) learned index structure for efficiently indexing strings. RSS is a tree of radix splines each indexing a fixed number of bytes. RSS approaches or exceeds the performance of traditional string indexes while using 7-70$\times$ less memory. RSS achieves this by using the minimal string prefix to sufficiently distinguish the data unlike most learned approaches which index the entire string. Additionally, the bounded-error nature of RSS accelerates the last mile search and also enables a memory-efficient hash-table lookup accelerator. We benchmark RSS on several real-world string datasets against ART and HOT. Our experiments suggest this line of research may be promising for future memory-intensive database applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FaceAtlasAR: Atlas of Facial Acupuncture Points in Augmented Reality</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14755">arxiv:2111.14755</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Menghe Zhang, Jurgen Schulze, Dong Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Acupuncture is a technique in which practitioners stimulate specific points on the body. These points, called acupuncture points (or acupoints), anatomically define areas on the skin relative to some landmarks on the body. Traditional acupuncture treatment relies on experienced acupuncturists for precise positioning of acupoints. A novice typically finds it difficult because of the lack of visual cues. This project presents FaceAtlasAR, a prototype system that localizes and visualizes facial acupoints in an augmented reality (AR) context. The system aims to 1) localize facial acupoints and auricular zone map in an anatomical yet feasible way, 2) overlay the requested acupoints by category in AR, and 3) show auricular zone map on the ears. We adopt Mediapipe, a cross-platform machine learning framework, to build the pipeline that runs on desktop and Android phones. We perform experiments on different benchmarks, including "In-the-wild", AMI ear datasets, and our own annotated datasets. Results show the localization accuracy of 95% for facial acupoints, 99% / 97% ("In-the-wild" / AMI) for auricular zone map, and high robustness. With this system, users, even not professionals, can position the acupoints quickly for their self-acupressure treatments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimal No-Regret Learning in General Games: Bounded Regret with Unbounded Step-Sizes via Clairvoyant MWU</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14737">arxiv:2111.14737</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Georgios Piliouras, Ryann Sim, Stratis Skoulakis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we solve the problem of no-regret learning in general games. Specifically, we provide a simple and practical algorithm that achieves constant regret with fixed step-sizes. The cumulative regret of our algorithm provably decreases linearly as the step-size increases. Our findings depart from the prevailing paradigm that vanishing step-sizes are a prerequisite for low regret as championed by all state-of-the-art methods to date.
  We shift away from this paradigm by defining a novel algorithm that we call Clairvoyant Multiplicative Weights Updates (CMWU). CMWU is Multiplicative Weights Updates (MWU) equipped with a mental model (jointly shared across all agents) about the state of the system in its next period. Each agent records its mixed strategy, i.e., its belief about what it expects to play in the next period, in this shared mental model which is internally updated using MWU without any changes to the real-world behavior up until it equilibrates, thus marking its consistency with the next day's real-world outcome. It is then and only then that agents take action in the real-world, effectively doing so with the ``full knowledge" of the state of the system on the next day, i.e., they are clairvoyant. CMWU effectively acts as MWU with one day look-ahead, achieving bounded regret. At a technical level, we establish that self-consistent mental models exist for any choice of step-sizes and provide bounds on the step-size under which their uniqueness and linear-time computation are guaranteed via contraction mapping arguments. Our arguments extend well beyond normal-form games with little effort.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Encoding Causal Macrovariables</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14724">arxiv:2111.14724</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Benedikt Höltgen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In many scientific disciplines, coarse-grained causal models are used to explain and predict the dynamics of more fine-grained systems. Naturally, such models require appropriate macrovariables. Automated procedures to detect suitable variables would be useful to leverage increasingly available high-dimensional observational datasets. This work introduces a novel algorithmic approach that is inspired by a new characterisation of causal macrovariables as information bottlenecks between microstates. Its general form can be adapted to address individual needs of different scientific goals. After a further transformation step, the causal relationships between learned variables can be investigated through additive noise models. Experiments on both simulated data and on a real climate dataset are reported. In a synthetic dataset, the algorithm robustly detects the ground-truth variables and correctly infers the causal relationships between them. In a real climate dataset, the algorithm robustly detects two variables that correspond to the two known variations of the El Nino phenomenon.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Computational Drug Repositioning without Negative Sampling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14696">arxiv:2111.14696</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xinxing Yang, Genke Yang, Jian Chu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computational drug repositioning technology is an effective tool to accelerate drug development. Although this technique has been widely used and successful in recent decades, many existing models still suffer from multiple drawbacks such as the massive number of unvalidated drug-disease associations and inner product in the matrix factorization model. The limitations of these works are mainly due to the following two reasons: first, previous works used negative sampling techniques to treat unvalidated drug-disease associations as negative samples, which is invalid in real-world settings; Second, the inner product lacks modeling on the crossover information between dimensions of the latent factor. In this paper, we propose a novel PUON framework for addressing the above deficiencies, which models the joint distribution of drug-disease associations using validated and unvalidated drug-disease associations without employing negative sampling techniques. The PUON also modeled the cross-information of the latent factor of drugs and diseases using the outer product operation. For a comprehensive comparison, we considered 7 popular baselines. Extensive experiments in two real-world datasets showed that PUON achieved the best performance based on 6 popular evaluation metrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Online MAP Inference and Learning for Nonsymmetric Determinantal Point Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14674">arxiv:2111.14674</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Aravind Reddy, Ryan A. Rossi, Zhao Song, Anup Rao, Tung Mai, Nedim Lipka, Gang Wu, Eunyee Koh, Nesreen Ahmed</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we introduce the online and streaming MAP inference and learning problems for Non-symmetric Determinantal Point Processes (NDPPs) where data points arrive in an arbitrary order and the algorithms are constrained to use a single-pass over the data as well as sub-linear memory. The online setting has an additional requirement of maintaining a valid solution at any point in time. For solving these new problems, we propose algorithms with theoretical guarantees, evaluate them on several real-world datasets, and show that they give comparable performance to state-of-the-art offline algorithms that store the entire data in memory and take multiple passes over it.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ClimART: A Benchmark Dataset for Emulating Atmospheric Radiative Transfer in Weather and Climate Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14671">arxiv:2111.14671</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Salva Rühling Cachay, Venkatesh Ramesh, Jason N. S. Cole, Howard Barker, David Rolnick</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Numerical simulations of Earth's weather and climate require substantial amounts of computation. This has led to a growing interest in replacing subroutines that explicitly compute physical processes with approximate machine learning (ML) methods that are fast at inference time. Within weather and climate models, atmospheric radiative transfer (RT) calculations are especially expensive. This has made them a popular target for neural network-based emulators. However, prior work is hard to compare due to the lack of a comprehensive dataset and standardized best practices for ML benchmarking. To fill this gap, we build a large dataset, ClimART, with more than \emph{10 million samples from present, pre-industrial, and future climate conditions}, based on the Canadian Earth System Model. ClimART poses several methodological challenges for the ML community, such as multiple out-of-distribution test sets, underlying domain physics, and a trade-off between accuracy and inference speed. We also present several novel baselines that indicate shortcomings of datasets and network architectures used in prior work. Download instructions, baselines, and code are available at: https://github.com/RolnickLab/climart

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Video Coding with Dual-Path Generative Adversarial Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14474">arxiv:2111.14474</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Tiesong Zhao, Weize Feng, Hongji Zeng, Yuzhen Niu, Jiaying Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The deep-learning-based video coding has attracted substantial attention for its great potential to squeeze out the spatial-temporal redundancies of video sequences. This paper proposes an efficient codec namely dual-path generative adversarial network-based video codec (DGVC). First, we propose a dual-path enhancement with generative adversarial network (DPEG) to reconstruct the compressed video details. The DPEG consists of an $α$-path of auto-encoder and convolutional long short-term memory (ConvLSTM), which facilitates the structure feature reconstruction with a large receptive field and multi-frame references, and a $β$-path of residual attention blocks, which facilitates the reconstruction of local texture features. Both paths are fused and co-trained by a generative-adversarial process. Second, we reuse the DPEG network in both motion compensation and quality enhancement modules, which are further combined with motion estimation and entropy coding modules in our DGVC framework. Third, we employ a joint training of deep video compression and enhancement to further improve the rate-distortion (RD) performance. Compared with x265 LDP very fast mode, our DGVC reduces the average bit-per-pixel (bpp) by 39.39%/54.92% at the same PSNR/MS-SSIM, which outperforms the state-of-the art deep video codecs by a considerable margin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Final Adaptation Reinforcement Learning for N-Player Games</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14375">arxiv:2111.14375</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Wolfgang Konen, Samineh Bagheri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper covers n-tuple-based reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms for games. We present new algorithms for TD-, SARSA- and Q-learning which work seamlessly on various games with arbitrary number of players. This is achieved by taking a player-centered view where each player propagates his/her rewards back to previous rounds. We add a new element called Final Adaptation RL (FARL) to all these algorithms. Our main contribution is that FARL is a vitally important ingredient to achieve success with the player-centered view in various games. We report results on seven board games with 1, 2 and 3 players, including Othello, ConnectFour and Hex. In most cases it is found that FARL is important to learn a near-perfect playing strategy. All algorithms are available in the GBG framework on GitHub.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Experience Replay with Successor Representation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14331">arxiv:2111.14331</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yizhi Yuan, Marcelo Mattar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prioritized experience replay is a reinforcement learning technique shown to speed up learning by allowing agents to replay useful past experiences more frequently. This usefulness is quantified as the expected gain from replaying the experience, and is often approximated as the prediction error (TD-error) observed during the corresponding experience. However, prediction error is only one possible prioritization metric. Recent work in neuroscience suggests that, in biological organisms, replay is prioritized by both gain and need. The need term measures the expected relevance of each experience with respect to the current situation, and more importantly, this term is not currently considered in algorithms such as deep Q-network (DQN). Thus, in this paper we present a new approach for prioritizing experiences for replay that considers both gain and need. We test our approach by considering the need term, quantified as the Successor Representation, into the sampling process of different reinforcement learning algorithms. Our proposed algorithms show a significant increase in performance in benchmarks including the Dyna-Q maze and a selection of Atari games.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Player Modeling using Behavioral Signals in Competitive Online Games</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04379">arxiv:2112.04379</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Arman Dehpanah, Muheeb Faizan Ghori, Jonathan Gemmell, Bamshad Mobasher</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Competitive online games use rating systems to match players with similar skills to ensure a satisfying experience for players. In this paper, we focus on the importance of addressing different aspects of playing behavior when modeling players for creating match-ups. To this end, we engineer several behavioral features from a dataset of over 75,000 battle royale matches and create player models based on the retrieved features. We then use the created models to predict ranks for different groups of players in the data. The predicted ranks are compared to those of three popular rating systems. Our results show the superiority of simple behavioral models over mainstream rating systems. Some behavioral features provided accurate predictions for all groups of players while others proved useful for certain groups of players. The results of this study highlight the necessity of considering different aspects of the player's behavior such as goals, strategy, and expertise when making assignments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Novel Local Radiomic Bayesian Classifiers for Non-Invasive Prediction of MGMT Methylation Status in Glioblastoma</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.03259">arxiv:2112.03259</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mihir Rao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Glioblastoma, an aggressive brain cancer, is amongst the most lethal of all cancers. Expression of the O6-methylguanine-DNA-methyltransferase (MGMT) gene in glioblastoma tumor tissue is of clinical importance as it has a significant effect on the efficacy of Temozolomide, the primary chemotherapy treatment administered to glioblastoma patients. Currently, MGMT methylation is determined through an invasive brain biopsy and subsequent genetic analysis of the extracted tumor tissue. In this work, we present novel Bayesian classifiers that make probabilistic predictions of MGMT methylation status based on radiomic features extracted from FLAIR-sequence magnetic resonance imagery (MRIs). We implement local radiomic techniques to produce radiomic activation maps and analyze MRIs for the MGMT biomarker based on statistical features of raw voxel-intensities. We demonstrate the ability for simple Bayesian classifiers to provide a boost in predictive performance when modelling local radiomic data rather than global features. The presented techniques provide a non-invasive MRI-based approach to determining MGMT methylation status in glioblastoma patients.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Graphon Mean Field Games and Approximate Nash Equilibria</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01280">arxiv:2112.01280</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kai Cui, Heinz Koeppl</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances at the intersection of dense large graph limits and mean field games have begun to enable the scalable analysis of a broad class of dynamical sequential games with large numbers of agents. So far, results have been largely limited to graphon mean field systems with continuous-time diffusive or jump dynamics, typically without control and with little focus on computational methods. We propose a novel discrete-time formulation for graphon mean field games as the limit of non-linear dense graph Markov games with weak interaction. On the theoretical side, we give extensive and rigorous existence and approximation properties of the graphon mean field solution in sufficiently large systems. On the practical side, we provide general learning schemes for graphon mean field equilibria by either introducing agent equivalence classes or reformulating the graphon mean field system as a classical mean field system. By repeatedly finding a regularized optimal control solution and its generated mean field, we successfully obtain plausible approximate Nash equilibria in otherwise infeasible large dense graph games with many agents. Empirically, we are able to demonstrate on a number of examples that the finite-agent behavior comes increasingly close to the mean field behavior for our computed equilibria as the graph or system size grows, verifying our theory. More generally, we successfully apply policy gradient reinforcement learning in conjunction with sequential Monte Carlo methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Impact of Data Distribution on Fairness and Robustness in Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01274">arxiv:2112.01274</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mustafa Safa Ozdayi, Murat Kantarcioglu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated Learning (FL) is a distributed machine learning protocol that allows a set of agents to collaboratively train a model without sharing their datasets. This makes FL particularly suitable for settings where data privacy is desired. However, it has been observed that the performance of FL is closely related to the similarity of the local data distributions of agents. Particularly, as the data distributions of agents differ, the accuracy of the trained models drop. In this work, we look at how variations in local data distributions affect the fairness and the robustness properties of the trained models in addition to the accuracy. Our experimental results indicate that, the trained models exhibit higher bias, and become more susceptible to attacks as local data distributions differ. Importantly, the degradation in the fairness, and robustness can be much more severe than the accuracy. Therefore, we reveal that small variations that have little impact on the accuracy could still be important if the trained model is to be deployed in a fairness/security critical context.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Radio-Frequency Multi-Mode OAM Detection Based on UCA Samples Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15638">arxiv:2111.15638</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiabei Fan, Rui Chen, Wen-Xuan Long, Marco Moretti, Jiandong Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Orbital angular momentum (OAM) at radio-frequency provides a novel approach of multiplexing a set of orthogonal modes on the same frequency channel to achieve high spectral efficiencies. However, classical phase gradient-based OAM mode detection methods require perfect alignment of transmit and receive antennas, which greatly challenges the practical application of OAM communications. In this paper, we first show the effect of non-parallel misalignment on the OAM phase structure, and then propose the OAM mode detection method based on uniform circular array (UCA) samples learning for the more general alignment or non-parallel misalignment case. Specifically, we applied three classifiers: K-nearest neighbor (KNN), support vector machine (SVM), and back-propagation neural network (BPNN) to both single-mode and multi-mode OAM detection. The simulation results validate that the proposed learning-based OAM mode detection methods are robust to misalignment errors and especially BPNN classifier has the best generalization performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MAPLE: Microprocessor A Priori for Latency Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15106">arxiv:2111.15106</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Saad Abbasi, Alexander Wong, Mohammad Javad Shafiee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern deep neural networks must demonstrate state-of-the-art accuracy while exhibiting low latency and energy consumption. As such, neural architecture search (NAS) algorithms take these two constraints into account when generating a new architecture. However, efficiency metrics such as latency are typically hardware dependent requiring the NAS algorithm to either measure or predict the architecture latency. Measuring the latency of every evaluated architecture adds a significant amount of time to the NAS process. Here we propose Microprocessor A Priori for Latency Estimation MAPLE that does not rely on transfer learning or domain adaptation but instead generalizes to new hardware by incorporating a prior hardware characteristics during training. MAPLE takes advantage of a novel quantitative strategy to characterize the underlying microprocessor by measuring relevant hardware performance metrics, yielding a fine-grained and expressive hardware descriptor. Moreover, the proposed MAPLE benefits from the tightly coupled I/O between the CPU and GPU and their dependency to predict DNN latency on GPUs while measuring microprocessor performance hardware counters from the CPU feeding the GPU hardware. Through this quantitative strategy as the hardware descriptor, MAPLE can generalize to new hardware via a few shot adaptation strategy where with as few as 3 samples it exhibits a 3% improvement over state-of-the-art methods requiring as much as 10 samples. Experimental results showed that, increasing the few shot adaptation samples to 10 improves the accuracy significantly over the state-of-the-art methods by 12%. Furthermore, it was demonstrated that MAPLE exhibiting 8-10% better accuracy, on average, compared to relevant baselines at any number of adaptation samples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transition Motion Tensor: A Data-Driven Approach for Versatile and Controllable Agents in Physically Simulated Environments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15072">arxiv:2111.15072</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jonathan Hans Soeseno, Ying-Sheng Luo, Trista Pei-Chun Chen, Wei-Chao Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes the Transition Motion Tensor, a data-driven framework that creates novel and physically accurate transitions outside of the motion dataset. It enables simulated characters to adopt new motion skills efficiently and robustly without modifying existing ones. Given several physically simulated controllers specializing in different motions, the tensor serves as a temporal guideline to transition between them. Through querying the tensor for transitions that best fit user-defined preferences, we can create a unified controller capable of producing novel transitions and solving complex tasks that may require multiple motions to work coherently. We apply our framework on both quadrupeds and bipeds, perform quantitative and qualitative evaluations on transition quality, and demonstrate its capability of tackling complex motion planning problems while following user control directives.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning with Noisy Labels by Efficient Transition Matrix Estimation to Combat Label Miscorrection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14932">arxiv:2111.14932</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Seong Min Kye, Kwanghee Choi, Joonyoung Yi, Buru Chang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies on learning with noisy labels have shown remarkable performance by exploiting a small clean dataset. In particular, model agnostic meta-learning-based label correction methods further improve performance by correcting noisy labels on the fly. However, there is no safeguard on the label miscorrection, resulting in unavoidable performance degradation. Moreover, every training step requires at least three back-propagations, significantly slowing down the training speed. To mitigate these issues, we propose a robust and efficient method that learns a label transition matrix on the fly. Employing the transition matrix makes the classifier skeptical about all the corrected samples, which alleviates the miscorrection issue. We also introduce a two-head architecture to efficiently estimate the label transition matrix every iteration within a single back-propagation, so that the estimated matrix closely follows the shifting noise distribution induced by label correction. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach shows the best performance in training efficiency while having comparable or better accuracy than existing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimizing High-Dimensional Physics Simulations via Composite Bayesian Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14911">arxiv:2111.14911</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wesley Maddox, Qing Feng, Max Balandat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Physical simulation-based optimization is a common task in science and engineering. Many such simulations produce image- or tensor-based outputs where the desired objective is a function of those outputs, and optimization is performed over a high-dimensional parameter space. We develop a Bayesian optimization method leveraging tensor-based Gaussian process surrogates and trust region Bayesian optimization to effectively model the image outputs and to efficiently optimize these types of simulations, including a radio-frequency tower configuration problem and an optical design problem.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Weighing the Milky Way and Andromeda with Artificial Intelligence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14874">arxiv:2111.14874</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Pablo Villanueva-Domingo, Francisco Villaescusa-Navarro, Shy Genel, Daniel Anglés-Alcázar, Lars Hernquist, Federico Marinacci, David N. Spergel, Mark Vogelsberger, Desika Narayanan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present new constraints on the masses of the halos hosting the Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies derived using graph neural networks. Our models, trained on thousands of state-of-the-art hydrodynamic simulations of the CAMELS project, only make use of the positions, velocities and stellar masses of the galaxies belonging to the halos, and are able to perform likelihood-free inference on halo masses while accounting for both cosmological and astrophysical uncertainties. Our constraints are in agreement with estimates from other traditional methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evaluation of Machine Learning Techniques for Forecast Uncertainty Quantification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14844">arxiv:2111.14844</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Maximiliano A. Sacco, Juan J. Ruiz, Manuel Pulido, Pierre Tandeo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Producing an accurate weather forecast and a reliable quantification of its uncertainty is an open scientific challenge. Ensemble forecasting is, so far, the most successful approach to produce relevant forecasts along with an estimation of their uncertainty. The main limitations of ensemble forecasting are the high computational cost and the difficulty to capture and quantify different sources of uncertainty, particularly those associated with model errors. In this work proof-of-concept model experiments are conducted to examine the performance of ANNs trained to predict a corrected state of the system and the state uncertainty using only a single deterministic forecast as input. We compare different training strategies: one based on a direct training using the mean and spread of an ensemble forecast as target, the other ones rely on an indirect training strategy using a deterministic forecast as target in which the uncertainty is implicitly learned from the data. For the last approach two alternative loss functions are proposed and evaluated, one based on the data observation likelihood and the other one based on a local estimation of the error. The performance of the networks is examined at different lead times and in scenarios with and without model errors. Experiments using the Lorenz'96 model show that the ANNs are able to emulate some of the properties of ensemble forecasts like the filtering of the most unpredictable modes and a state-dependent quantification of the forecast uncertainty. Moreover, ANNs provide a reliable estimation of the forecast uncertainty in the presence of model error.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Contextual Combinatorial Volatile Bandits with Satisfying via Gaussian Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14778">arxiv:2111.14778</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sepehr Elahi, Baran Atalar, Sevda Öğüt, Cem Tekin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In many real-world applications of combinatorial bandits such as content caching, rewards must be maximized while satisfying minimum service requirements. In addition, base arm availabilities vary over time, and actions need to be adapted to the situation to maximize the rewards. We propose a new bandit model called Contextual Combinatorial Volatile Bandits with Group Thresholds to address these challenges. Our model subsumes combinatorial bandits by considering super arms to be subsets of groups of base arms. We seek to maximize super arm rewards while satisfying thresholds of all base arm groups that constitute a super arm. To this end, we define a new notion of regret that merges super arm reward maximization with group reward satisfaction. To facilitate learning, we assume that the mean outcomes of base arms are samples from a Gaussian Process indexed by the context set ${\cal X}$, and the expected reward is Lipschitz continuous in expected base arm outcomes. We propose an algorithm, called Thresholded Combinatorial Gaussian Process Upper Confidence Bounds (TCGP-UCB), that balances between maximizing cumulative reward and satisfying group reward thresholds and prove that it incurs $\tilde{O}(K\sqrt{T\overlineγ_{T}} )$ regret with high probability, where $\overlineγ_{T}$ is the maximum information gain associated with the set of base arm contexts that appeared in the first $T$ rounds and $K$ is the maximum super arm cardinality of any feasible action over all rounds. We show in experiments that our algorithm accumulates a reward comparable with that of the state-of-the-art combinatorial bandit algorithm while picking actions whose groups satisfy their thresholds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reconstructing spectral functions via automatic differentiation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14760">arxiv:2111.14760</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lingxiao Wang, Shuzhe Shi, Kai Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reconstructing spectral functions from Euclidean Green's functions is an important inverse problem in many-body physics. However, the inversion is proved to be ill-posed in the realistic systems with noisy Green's functions. In this Letter, we propose an automatic differentiation(AD) framework as a generic tool for the spectral reconstruction from propagator observable. Exploiting the neural networks' regularization as a non-local smoothness regulator of the spectral function, we represent spectral functions by neural networks and use propagator's reconstruction error to optimize the network parameters unsupervisedly. In the training process, except for the positive-definite form for the spectral function, there are no other explicit physical priors embedded into the neural networks. The reconstruction performance is assessed through relative entropy and mean square error for two different network representations. Compared to the maximum entropy method, the AD framework achieves better performance in large-noise situation. It is noted that the freedom of introducing non-local regularization is an inherent advantage of the present framework and may lead to substantial improvements in solving inverse problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automated Benchmark-Driven Design and Explanation of Hyperparameter Optimizers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14756">arxiv:2111.14756</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Julia Moosbauer, Martin Binder, Lennart Schneider, Florian Pfisterer, Marc Becker, Michel Lang, Lars Kotthoff, Bernd Bischl</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automated hyperparameter optimization (HPO) has gained great popularity and is an important ingredient of most automated machine learning frameworks. The process of designing HPO algorithms, however, is still an unsystematic and manual process: Limitations of prior work are identified and the improvements proposed are -- even though guided by expert knowledge -- still somewhat arbitrary. This rarely allows for gaining a holistic understanding of which algorithmic components are driving performance, and carries the risk of overlooking good algorithmic design choices. We present a principled approach to automated benchmark-driven algorithm design applied to multifidelity HPO (MF-HPO): First, we formalize a rich space of MF-HPO candidates that includes, but is not limited to common HPO algorithms, and then present a configurable framework covering this space. To find the best candidate automatically and systematically, we follow a programming-by-optimization approach and search over the space of algorithm candidates via Bayesian optimization. We challenge whether the found design choices are necessary or could be replaced by more naive and simpler ones by performing an ablation analysis. We observe that using a relatively simple configuration, in some ways simpler than established methods, performs very well as long as some critical configuration parameters have the right value.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Crime Prediction with Graph Neural Networks and Multivariate Normal Distributions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14733">arxiv:2111.14733</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Selim Furkan Tekin, Suleyman Serdar Kozat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing approaches to the crime prediction problem are unsuccessful in expressing the details since they assign the probability values to large regions. This paper introduces a new architecture with the graph convolutional networks (GCN) and multivariate Gaussian distributions to perform high-resolution forecasting that applies to any spatiotemporal data. We tackle the sparsity problem in high resolution by leveraging the flexible structure of GCNs and providing a subdivision algorithm. We build our model with Graph Convolutional Gated Recurrent Units (Graph-ConvGRU) to learn spatial, temporal, and categorical relations. In each node of the graph, we learn a multivariate probability distribution from the extracted features of GCNs. We perform experiments on real-life and synthetic datasets, and our model obtains the best validation and the best test score among the baseline models with significant improvements. We show that our model is not only generative but also precise.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Anomaly Localization in Model Gradients Under Backdoor Attacks Against Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14683">arxiv:2111.14683</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zeki Bilgin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Inserting a backdoor into the joint model in federated learning (FL) is a recent threat raising concerns. Existing studies mostly focus on developing effective countermeasures against this threat, assuming that backdoored local models, if any, somehow reveal themselves by anomalies in their gradients. However, this assumption needs to be elaborated by identifying specifically which gradients are more likely to indicate an anomaly to what extent under which conditions. This is an important issue given that neural network models usually have huge parametric space and consist of a large number of weights. In this study, we make a deep gradient-level analysis on the expected variations in model gradients under several backdoor attack scenarios against FL. Our main novel finding is that backdoor-induced anomalies in local model updates (weights or gradients) appear in the final layer bias weights of the malicious local models. We support and validate our findings by both theoretical and experimental analysis in various FL settings. We also investigate the impact of the number of malicious clients, learning rate, and malicious data rate on the observed anomaly. Our implementation is publicly available\footnote{\url{ https://github.com/ArcelikAcikKaynak/Federated_Learning.git}}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FedHM: Efficient Federated Learning for Heterogeneous Models via Low-rank Factorization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14655">arxiv:2111.14655</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dezhong Yao, Wanning Pan, Yao Wan, Hai Jin, Lichao Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The underlying assumption of recent federated learning (FL) paradigms is that local models usually share the same network architecture as the global model, which becomes impractical for mobile and IoT devices with different setups of hardware and infrastructure. A scalable federated learning framework should address heterogeneous clients equipped with different computation and communication capabilities. To this end, this paper proposes FedHM, a novel federated model compression framework that distributes the heterogeneous low-rank models to clients and then aggregates them into a global full-rank model. Our solution enables the training of heterogeneous local models with varying computational complexities and aggregates a single global model. Furthermore, FedHM not only reduces the computational complexity of the device, but also reduces the communication cost by using low-rank models. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our proposed \system outperforms the current pruning-based FL approaches in terms of test Top-1 accuracy (4.6% accuracy gain on average), with smaller model size (1.5x smaller on average) under various heterogeneous FL settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Zero-shot Generalization in Offline Reinforcement Learning using Generalized Similarity Functions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14629">arxiv:2111.14629</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Bogdan Mazoure, Ilya Kostrikov, Ofir Nachum, Jonathan Tompson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning (RL) agents are widely used for solving complex sequential decision making tasks, but still exhibit difficulty in generalizing to scenarios not seen during training. While prior online approaches demonstrated that using additional signals beyond the reward function can lead to better generalization capabilities in RL agents, i.e. using self-supervised learning (SSL), they struggle in the offline RL setting, i.e. learning from a static dataset. We show that performance of online algorithms for generalization in RL can be hindered in the offline setting due to poor estimation of similarity between observations. We propose a new theoretically-motivated framework called Generalized Similarity Functions (GSF), which uses contrastive learning to train an offline RL agent to aggregate observations based on the similarity of their expected future behavior, where we quantify this similarity using \emph{generalized value functions}. We show that GSF is general enough to recover existing SSL objectives while also improving zero-shot generalization performance on a complex offline RL benchmark, offline Procgen.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the rate of convergence of a classifier based on a Transformer encoder</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14574">arxiv:2111.14574</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Iryna Gurevych, Michael Kohler, Gözde Gül Sahin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pattern recognition based on a high-dimensional predictor is considered. A classifier is defined which is based on a Transformer encoder. The rate of convergence of the misclassification probability of the classifier towards the optimal misclassification probability is analyzed. It is shown that this classifier is able to circumvent the curse of dimensionality provided the aposteriori probability satisfies a suitable hierarchical composition model. Furthermore, the difference between Transformer classifiers analyzed theoretically in this paper and Transformer classifiers used nowadays in practice are illustrated by considering classification problems in natural language processing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Training of Halfspaces with Generalization Guarantees under Massart Mislabeling Noise Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14427">arxiv:2111.14427</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lies Hadjadj, Massih-Reza Amini, Sana Louhichi, Alexis Deschamps</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We investigate the generalization properties of a self-training algorithm with halfspaces. The approach learns a list of halfspaces iteratively from labeled and unlabeled training data, in which each iteration consists of two steps: exploration and pruning. In the exploration phase, the halfspace is found sequentially by maximizing the unsigned-margin among unlabeled examples and then assigning pseudo-labels to those that have a distance higher than the current threshold. The pseudo-labeled examples are then added to the training set, and a new classifier is learned. This process is repeated until no more unlabeled examples remain for pseudo-labeling. In the pruning phase, pseudo-labeled samples that have a distance to the last halfspace greater than the associated unsigned-margin are then discarded. We prove that the misclassification error of the resulting sequence of classifiers is bounded and show that the resulting semi-supervised approach never degrades performance compared to the classifier learned using only the initial labeled training set. Experiments carried out on a variety of benchmarks demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed approach compared to state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Responding to Challenge Call of Machine Learning Model Development in Diagnosing Respiratory Disease Sounds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14354">arxiv:2111.14354</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Negin Melek</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this study, a machine learning model was developed for automatically detecting respiratory system sounds such as sneezing and coughing in disease diagnosis. The automatic model and approach development of breath sounds, which carry valuable information, results in early diagnosis and treatment. A successful machine learning model was developed in this study, which was a strong response to the challenge called the "Pfizer digital medicine challenge" on the "OSFHOME" open access platform. "Environmental sound classification" called ESC-50 and AudioSet sound files were used to prepare the dataset. In this dataset, which consisted of three parts, features that effectively showed coughing and sneezing sound analysis were extracted from training, testing and validating samples. Based on the Mel frequency cepstral coefficients (MFCC) feature extraction method, mathematical and statistical features were prepared. Three different classification techniques were considered to perform successful respiratory sound classification in the dataset containing more than 3800 different sounds. Support vector machine (SVM) with radial basis function (RBF) kernels, ensemble aggregation and decision tree classification methods were used as classification techniques. In an attempt to classify coughing and sneezing sounds from other sounds, SVM with RBF kernels was achieved with 83% success.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RawArray: A Simple, Fast, and Extensible Archival Format for Numeric Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01273">arxiv:2112.01273</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>David S. Smith</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Raw data sizes are growing and proliferating in scientific research, driven by the success of data-hungry computational methods, such as machine learning. The preponderance of proprietary and shoehorned data formats make computations slower and make it harder to reproduce research and to port methods to new platforms. Here we present the RawArray format: a simple, fast, and extensible format for archival storage of multidimensional numeric arrays on disk.
  The RawArray file format is a simple concatenation of a header array and a data array. The header comprises seven or more 64-bit unsigned integers. The array data can be anything. Arbitrary user metadata can be appended to an RawArray file if desired, for example to store measurement details, color palettes, or geolocation data.
  We present benchmarks showing a factor of 2--3$\times$ speedup over HDF5 for a range of array sizes and a speedup of up to 20$\times$ in reading the common deep learning datasets MNIST and CIFAR10.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable Machine Learning Architecture for Neonatal Seizure Detection on Ultra-Edge Devices</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15569">arxiv:2111.15569</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Vishal Nagarajan, Ashwini Muralidharan, Deekshitha Sriraman, Pravin Kumar S</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neonatal seizures are a commonly encountered neurological condition. They are the first clinical signs of a serious neurological disorder. Thus, rapid recognition and treatment are necessary to prevent serious fatalities. The use of electroencephalography (EEG) in the field of neurology allows precise diagnosis of several medical conditions. However, interpreting EEG signals needs the attention of highly specialized staff since the infant brain is developmentally immature during the neonatal period. Detecting seizures on time could potentially prevent the negative effects on the neurocognitive development of the infants. In recent years, neonatal seizure detection using machine learning algorithms have been gaining traction. Since there is a need for the classification of bio-signals to be computationally inexpensive in the case of seizure detection, this research presents a machine learning (ML) based architecture that operates with comparable predictive performance as previous models but with minimum level configuration. The proposed classifier was trained and tested on a public dataset of NICU seizures recorded at the Helsinki University Hospital. Our architecture achieved a best sensitivity of 87%, which is 6% more than that of the standard ML model chosen in this study. The model size of the ML classifier is optimized to just 4.84 KB with minimum prediction time of 182.61 milliseconds, thus enabling it to be deployed on wearable ultra-edge devices for quick and accurate response and obviating the need for cloud-based and other such exhaustive computational methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MAMRL: Exploiting Multi-agent Meta Reinforcement Learning in WAN Traffic Engineering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15087">arxiv:2111.15087</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shan Sun, Mariam Kiran, Wei Ren</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traffic optimization challenges, such as load balancing, flow scheduling, and improving packet delivery time, are difficult online decision-making problems in wide area networks (WAN). Complex heuristics are needed for instance to find optimal paths that improve packet delivery time and minimize interruptions which may be caused by link failures or congestion. The recent success of reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms can provide useful solutions to build better robust systems that learn from experience in model-free settings.
  In this work, we consider a path optimization problem, specifically for packet routing, in large complex networks. We develop and evaluate a model-free approach, applying multi-agent meta reinforcement learning (MAMRL) that can determine the next-hop of each packet to get it delivered to its destination with minimum time overall. Specifically, we propose to leverage and compare deep policy optimization RL algorithms for enabling distributed model-free control in communication networks and present a novel meta-learning-based framework, MAMRL, for enabling quick adaptation to topology changes. To evaluate the proposed framework, we simulate with various WAN topologies. Our extensive packet-level simulation results show that compared to classical shortest path and traditional reinforcement learning approaches, MAMRL significantly reduces the average packet delivery time even when network demand increases; and compared to a non-meta deep policy optimization algorithm, our results show the reduction of packet loss in much fewer episodes when link failures occur while offering comparable average packet delivery time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Second-order Approximation of Minimum Discrimination Information in Independent Component Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15060">arxiv:2111.15060</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>YunPeng Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Independent Component Analysis (ICA) is intended to recover the mutually independent sources from their linear mixtures, and F astICA is one of the most successful ICA algorithms. Although it seems reasonable to improve the performance of F astICA by introducing more nonlinear functions to the negentropy estimation, the original fixed-point method (approximate Newton method) in F astICA degenerates under this circumstance. To alleviate this problem, we propose a novel method based on the second-order approximation of minimum discrimination information (MDI). The joint maximization in our method is consisted of minimizing single weighted least squares and seeking unmixing matrix by the fixed-point method. Experimental results validate its efficiency compared with other popular ICA algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>X-ray Dissectography Enables Stereotography to Improve Diagnostic Performance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15040">arxiv:2111.15040</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chuang Niu, Ge Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** X-ray imaging is the most popular medical imaging technology. While x-ray radiography is rather cost-effective, tissue structures are superimposed along the x-ray paths. On the other hand, computed tomography (CT) reconstructs internal structures but CT increases radiation dose, is complicated and expensive. Here we propose "x-ray dissectography" to extract a target organ/tissue digitally from few radiographic projections for stereographic and tomographic analysis in the deep learning framework. As an exemplary embodiment, we propose a general X-ray dissectography network, a dedicated X-ray stereotography network, and the X-ray imaging systems to implement these functionalities. Our experiments show that x-ray stereography can be achieved of an isolated organ such as the lungs in this case, suggesting the feasibility of transforming conventional radiographic reading to the stereographic examination of the isolated organ, which potentially allows higher sensitivity and specificity, and even tomographic visualization of the target. With further improvements, x-ray dissectography promises to be a new x-ray imaging modality for CT-grade diagnosis at radiation dose and system cost comparable to that of radiographic or tomosynthetic imaging.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Anomaly Rule Detection in Sequence Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15026">arxiv:2111.15026</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Wensheng Gan, Lili Chen, Shicheng Wan, Jiahui Chen, Chien-Ming Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Analyzing sequence data usually leads to the discovery of interesting patterns and then anomaly detection. In recent years, numerous frameworks and methods have been proposed to discover interesting patterns in sequence data as well as detect anomalous behavior. However, existing algorithms mainly focus on frequency-driven analytic, and they are challenging to be applied in real-world settings. In this work, we present a new anomaly detection framework called DUOS that enables Discovery of Utility-aware Outlier Sequential rules from a set of sequences. In this pattern-based anomaly detection algorithm, we incorporate both the anomalousness and utility of a group, and then introduce the concept of utility-aware outlier sequential rule (UOSR). We show that this is a more meaningful way for detecting anomalies. Besides, we propose some efficient pruning strategies w.r.t. upper bounds for mining UOSR, as well as the outlier detection. An extensive experimental study conducted on several real-world datasets shows that the proposed DUOS algorithm has a better effectiveness and efficiency. Finally, DUOS outperforms the baseline algorithm and has a suitable scalability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Highly Configurable Hardware/Software Stack for DNN Inference Acceleration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15024">arxiv:2111.15024</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Suvadeep Banerjee, Steve Burns, Pasquale Cocchini, Abhijit Davare, Shweta Jain, Desmond Kirkpatrick, Anton Sorokin, Jin Yang, Zhenkun Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work focuses on an efficient Agile design methodology for domain-specific accelerators. We employ feature-by-feature enhancement of a vertical development stack and apply it to the TVM/VTA inference accelerator. We have enhanced the VTA design space and enabled end-to-end support for additional workloads. This has been accomplished by augmenting the VTA micro-architecture and instruction set architecture (ISA), as well as by enhancing the TVM compilation stack to support a wide range of VTA configs.
  The VTA tsim implementation (CHISEL-based) has been enhanced with fully pipelined versions of the ALU/GEMM execution units. In tsim, memory width can now range between 8-64 bytes. Field widths have been made more flexible to support larger scratchpads. New instructions have been added: element-wise 8-bit multiplication to support depthwise convolution, and load with a choice of pad values to support max pooling. Support for more layers and better double buffering has also been added.
  Fully pipelining ALU/GEMM helps significantly: 4.9x fewer cycles with minimal area change to run ResNet-18 under the default config. Configs featuring a further 11.5x decrease in cycle count at a cost of 12x greater area can be instantiated. Many points on the area-performance pareto curve are shown, showcasing the balance of execution unit sizing, memory interface width, and scratchpad sizing. Finally, VTA is now able to run Mobilenet 1.0 and all layers for ResNets, including the previously disabled pooling and fully connected layers.
  The TVM/VTA architecture has always featured end-to-end workload evaluation on RTL in minutes. With our modifications, it now offers a much greater number of feasible configurations with a wide range of cost vs. performance. All capabilities mentioned are available in opensource forks while a subset of these capabilities have already been upstreamed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>US-Rule: Discovering Utility-driven Sequential Rules</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15020">arxiv:2111.15020</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Gengsen Huang, Wensheng Gan, Jian Weng, Philip S. Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Utility-driven mining is an important task in data science and has many applications in real life. High utility sequential pattern mining (HUSPM) is one kind of utility-driven mining. HUSPM aims to discover all sequential patterns with high utility. However, the existing algorithms of HUSPM can not provide an accurate probability to deal with some scenarios for prediction or recommendation. High-utility sequential rule mining (HUSRM) was proposed to discover all sequential rules with high utility and high confidence. There is only one algorithm proposed for HUSRM, which is not enough efficient. In this paper, we propose a faster algorithm, called US-Rule, to efficiently mine high-utility sequential rules. It utilizes rule estimated utility co-occurrence pruning strategy (REUCP) to avoid meaningless computation. To improve the efficiency on dense and long sequence datasets, four tighter upper bounds (LEEU, REEU, LERSU, RERSU) and their corresponding pruning strategies (LEEUP, REEUP, LERSUP, RERSUP) are proposed. Besides, US-Rule proposes rule estimated utility recomputing pruning strategy (REURP) to deal with sparse datasets. At last, a large number of experiments on different datasets compared to the state-of-the-art algorithm demonstrate that US-Rule can achieve better performance in terms of execution time, memory consumption and scalability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Third-Party Hardware IP Assurance against Trojans through Supervised Learning and Post-processing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14956">arxiv:2111.14956</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pravin Gaikwad, Jonathan Cruz, Prabuddha Chakraborty, Swarup Bhunia, Tamzidul Hoque</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** System-on-chip (SoC) developers increasingly rely on pre-verified hardware intellectual property (IP) blocks acquired from untrusted third-party vendors. These IPs might contain hidden malicious functionalities or hardware Trojans to compromise the security of the fabricated SoCs. Recently, supervised machine learning (ML) techniques have shown promising capability in identifying nets of potential Trojans in third party IPs (3PIPs). However, they bring several major challenges. First, they do not guide us to an optimal choice of features that reliably covers diverse classes of Trojans. Second, they require multiple Trojan-free/trusted designs to insert known Trojans and generate a trained model. Even if a set of trusted designs are available for training, the suspect IP could be inherently very different from the set of trusted designs, which may negatively impact the verification outcome. Third, these techniques only identify a set of suspect Trojan nets that require manual intervention to understand the potential threat. In this paper, we present VIPR, a systematic machine learning (ML) based trust verification solution for 3PIPs that eliminates the need for trusted designs for training. We present a comprehensive framework, associated algorithms, and a tool flow for obtaining an optimal set of features, training a targeted machine learning model, detecting suspect nets, and identifying Trojan circuitry from the suspect nets. We evaluate the framework on several Trust-Hub Trojan benchmarks and provide a comparative analysis of detection performance across different trained models, selection of features, and post-processing techniques. The proposed post-processing algorithms reduce false positives by up to 92.85%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Expressive Communication: A Common Framework for Evaluating Developments in Generative Models and Steering Interfaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14951">arxiv:2111.14951</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ryan Louie, Jesse Engel, Anna Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is an increasing interest from ML and HCI communities in empowering creators with better generative models and more intuitive interfaces with which to control them. In music, ML researchers have focused on training models capable of generating pieces with increasing long-range structure and musical coherence, while HCI researchers have separately focused on designing steering interfaces that support user control and ownership. In this study, we investigate through a common framework how developments in both models and user interfaces are important for empowering co-creation where the goal is to create music that communicates particular imagery or ideas (e.g., as is common for other purposeful tasks in music creation like establishing mood or creating accompanying music for another media). Our study is distinguished in that it measures communication through both composer's self-reported experiences, and how listeners evaluate this communication through the music. In an evaluation study with 26 composers creating 100+ pieces of music and listeners providing 1000+ head-to-head comparisons, we find that more expressive models and more steerable interfaces are important and complementary ways to make a difference in composers communicating through music and supporting their creative empowerment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rigorous data-driven computation of spectral properties of Koopman operators for dynamical systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14889">arxiv:2111.14889</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Matthew J. Colbrook, Alex Townsend</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Koopman operators are infinite-dimensional operators that globally linearize nonlinear dynamical systems, making their spectral information useful for understanding dynamics. However, Koopman operators can have continuous spectra and infinite-dimensional invariant subspaces, making computing their spectral information a considerable challenge. This paper describes data-driven algorithms with rigorous convergence guarantees for computing spectral information of Koopman operators from trajectory data. We introduce residual dynamic mode decomposition (ResDMD), which provides the first scheme for computing the spectra and pseudospectra of general Koopman operators from snapshot data without spectral pollution. Using the resolvent operator and ResDMD, we also compute smoothed approximations of spectral measures associated with measure-preserving dynamical systems. We prove explicit convergence theorems for our algorithms, which can achieve high-order convergence even for chaotic systems, when computing the density of the continuous spectrum and the discrete spectrum. We demonstrate our algorithms on the tent map, Gauss iterated map, nonlinear pendulum, double pendulum, Lorenz system, and an $11$-dimensional extended Lorenz system. Finally, we provide kernelized variants of our algorithms for dynamical systems with a high-dimensional state-space. This allows us to compute the spectral measure associated with the dynamics of a protein molecule that has a 20,046-dimensional state-space, and compute nonlinear Koopman modes with error bounds for turbulent flow past aerofoils with Reynolds number $>10^5$ that has a 295,122-dimensional state-space.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Graph Deep Learning Framework for High-Level Synthesis Design Space Exploration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14767">arxiv:2111.14767</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Lorenzo Ferretti, Andrea Cini, Georgios Zacharopoulos, Cesare Alippi, Laura Pozzi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The design of efficient hardware accelerators for high-throughput data-processing applications, e.g., deep neural networks, is a challenging task in computer architecture design. In this regard, High-Level Synthesis (HLS) emerges as a solution for fast prototyping application-specific hardware starting from a behavioural description of the application computational flow. This Design-Space Exploration (DSE) aims at identifying Pareto optimal synthesis configurations whose exhaustive search is often unfeasible due to the design-space dimensionality and the prohibitive computational cost of the synthesis process. Within this framework, we effectively and efficiently address the design problem by proposing, for the first time in the literature, graph neural networks that jointly predict acceleration performance and hardware costs of a synthesized behavioral specification given optimization directives. The learned model can be used to rapidly approach the Pareto curve by guiding the DSE, taking into account performance and cost estimates. The proposed method outperforms traditional HLS-driven DSE approaches, by accounting for arbitrary length of computer programs and the invariant properties of the input. We propose a novel hybrid control and data flow graph representation that enables training the graph neural network on specifications of different hardware accelerators; the methodology naturally transfers to unseen data-processing applications too. Moreover, we show that our approach achieves prediction accuracy comparable with that of commonly used simulators without having access to analytical models of the HLS compiler and the target FPGA, while being orders of magnitude faster. Finally, the learned representation can be exploited for DSE in unexplored configuration spaces by fine-tuning on a small number of samples from the new target domain.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prediction of Large Magnetic Moment Materials With Graph Neural Networks and Random Forests</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14712">arxiv:2111.14712</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sékou-Oumar Kaba, Benjamin Groleau-Paré, Marc-Antoine Gauthier, André-Marie Tremblay, Simon Verret, Chloé Gauvin-Ndiaye</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Magnetic materials are crucial components of many technologies that could drive the ecological transition, including electric motors, wind turbine generators and magnetic refrigeration systems. Discovering materials with large magnetic moments is therefore an increasing priority. Here, using state-of-the-art machine learning methods, we scan the Inorganic Crystal Structure Database (ICSD) of hundreds of thousands of existing materials to find those that are ferromagnetic and have large magnetic moments. Crystal graph convolutional neural networks (CGCNN), materials graph network (MEGNet) and random forests are trained on the Materials Project database that contains the results of high-throughput DFT predictions. For random forests, we use a stochastic method to select nearly one hundred relevant descriptors based on chemical composition and crystal structure. This turns out to give results for the test sets that are comparable to those of neural networks. The comparison between these different machine learning approaches gives an estimate of the errors for our predictions on the ICSD database.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantifying the Computational Capability of a Nanomagnetic Reservoir Computing Platform with Emergent Magnetization Dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14603">arxiv:2111.14603</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ian T Vidamour, Matthew O A Ellis, David Griffin, Guru Venkat, Charles Swindells, Richard W S Dawidek, Thomas J Broomhall, Nina-Juliane Steinke, Joshaniel F K Cooper, Francisco Maccherozzi, Sarnjeet S Dhesi, Susan Stepney, Eleni Vasilaki, Dan A Allwood, Thomas J Hayward</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Arrays of interconnected magnetic nano-rings with emergent magnetization dynamics have recently been proposed for use in reservoir computing applications, but for them to be computationally useful it must be possible to optimise their dynamical responses. Here, we use a phenomenological model to demonstrate that such reservoirs can be optimised for classification tasks by tuning hyperparameters that control the scaling and input-rate of data into the system using rotating magnetic fields. We use task-independent metrics to assess the rings' computational capabilities at each set of these hyperparameters and show how these metrics correlate directly to performance in spoken and written digit recognition tasks. We then show that these metrics can be further improved by expanding the reservoir's output to include multiple, concurrent measures of the ring arrays' magnetic states.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Amortized Implicit Differentiation for Stochastic Bilevel Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14580">arxiv:2111.14580</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Michael Arbel, Julien Mairal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study a class of algorithms for solving bilevel optimization problems in both stochastic and deterministic settings when the inner-level objective is strongly convex. Specifically, we consider algorithms based on inexact implicit differentiation and we exploit a warm-start strategy to amortize the estimation of the exact gradient. We then introduce a unified theoretical framework inspired by the study of singularly perturbed systems (Habets, 1974) to analyze such amortized algorithms. By using this framework, our analysis shows these algorithms to match the computational complexity of oracle methods that have access to an unbiased estimate of the gradient, thus outperforming many existing results for bilevel optimization. We illustrate these findings on synthetic experiments and demonstrate the efficiency of these algorithms on hyper-parameter optimization experiments involving several thousands of variables.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A new Sinkhorn algorithm with Deletion and Insertion operations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14565">arxiv:2111.14565</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Luc Brun, Benoit Gaüzère, Sébastien Bougleux, Florian Yger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This technical report is devoted to the continuous estimation of an epsilon-assignment. Roughly speaking, an epsilon assignment between two sets V1 and V2 may be understood as a bijective mapping between a sub part of V1 and a sub part of V2 . The remaining elements of V1 (not included in this mapping) are mapped onto an epsilon pseudo element of V2 . We say that such elements are deleted. Conversely, the remaining elements of V2 correspond to the image of the epsilon pseudo element of V1. We say that these elements are inserted. As a result our method provides a result similar to the one of the Sinkhorn algorithm with the additional ability to reject some elements which are either inserted or deleted. It thus naturally handles sets V1 and V2 of different sizes and decides mappings/insertions/deletions in a unified way. Our algorithms are iterative and differentiable and may thus be easily inserted within a backpropagation based learning framework such as artificial neural networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MDistMult: A Multiple Scoring Functions Model for Link Prediction on Antiviral Drugs Knowledge Graph</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14480">arxiv:2111.14480</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Weichuan Wang, Zhiwen Xie, Jin Liu, Yucong Duan, Bo Huang, Junsheng Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge graphs (KGs) on COVID-19 have been constructed to accelerate the research process of COVID-19. However, KGs are always incomplete, especially the new constructed COVID-19 KGs. Link prediction task aims to predict missing entities for (e, r, t) or (h, r, e), where h and t are certain entities, e is an entity that needs to be predicted and r is a relation. This task also has the potential to solve COVID-19 related KGs' incomplete problem. Although various knowledge graph embedding (KGE) approaches have been proposed to the link prediction task, these existing methods suffer from the limitation of using a single scoring function, which fails to capture rich features of COVID-19 KGs. In this work, we propose the MDistMult model that leverages multiple scoring functions to extract more features from existing triples. We employ experiments on the CCKS2020 COVID-19 Antiviral Drugs Knowledge Graph (CADKG). The experimental results demonstrate that our MDistMult achieves state-of-the-art performance in link prediction task on the CADKG dataset

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Being Patient and Persistent: Optimizing An Early Stopping Strategy for Deep Learning in Profiled Attacks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14416">arxiv:2111.14416</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Servio Paguada, Lejla Batina, Ileana Buhan, Igor Armendariz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The absence of an algorithm that effectively monitors deep learning models used in side-channel attacks increases the difficulty of evaluation. If the attack is unsuccessful, the question is if we are dealing with a resistant implementation or a faulty model. We propose an early stopping algorithm that reliably recognizes the model's optimal state during training. The novelty of our solution is an efficient implementation of guessing entropy estimation. Additionally, we formalize two conditions, persistence and patience, for a deep learning model to be optimal. As a result, the model converges with fewer traces.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The language of pre-topology in knowledge spaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14380">arxiv:2111.14380</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Fucai Lin, Xiyan Cao, Jinjin Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We systematically study some basic properties of the theory of pre-topological spaces, such as, pre-base, subspace, axioms of separation, connectedness, etc. Pre-topology is also known as knowledge space in the theory of knowledge structures. We discuss the language of axioms of separation of pre-topology in the theory of knowledge spaces, the relation of Alexandroff spaces and quasi ordinal spaces, and the applications of the density of pre-topological spaces in primary items for knowledge spaces. In particular, we give a characterization of a skill multimap such that the delineate knowledge structure is a knowledge space, which gives an answer to a problem in \cite{falmagne2011learning} or \cite{XGLJ} whenever each item with finitely many competencies; moreover, we give an algorithm to find the set of atom primary items for any finite knowledge spaces.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physics-informed Evolutionary Strategy based Control for Mitigating Delayed Voltage Recovery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14352">arxiv:2111.14352</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yan Du, Qiuhua Huang, Renke Huang, Tianzhixi Yin, Jie Tan, Wenhao Yu, Xinya Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we propose a novel data-driven, real-time power system voltage control method based on the physics-informed guided meta evolutionary strategy (ES). The main objective is to quickly provide an adaptive control strategy to mitigate the fault-induced delayed voltage recovery (FIDVR) problem. Reinforcement learning methods have been developed for the same or similar challenging control problems, but they suffer from training inefficiency and lack of robustness for "corner or unseen" scenarios. On the other hand, extensive physical knowledge has been developed in power systems but little has been leveraged in learning-based approaches. To address these challenges, we introduce the trainable action mask technique for flexibly embedding physical knowledge into RL models to rule out unnecessary or unfavorable actions, and achieve notable improvements in sample efficiency, control performance and robustness. Furthermore, our method leverages past learning experience to derive surrogate gradient to guide and accelerate the exploration process in training. Case studies on the IEEE 300-bus system and comparisons with other state-of-the-art benchmark methods demonstrate effectiveness and advantages of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Federated Learning for AIoT Applications Using Knowledge Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14347">arxiv:2111.14347</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tian Liu, Jun Xia, Xian Wei, Ting Wang, Xin Fu, Mingsong Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As a promising distributed machine learning paradigm, Federated Learning (FL) trains a central model with decentralized data without compromising user privacy, which has made it widely used by Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things (AIoT) applications. However, the traditional FL suffers from model inaccuracy since it trains local models using hard labels of data and ignores useful information of incorrect predictions with small probabilities. Although various solutions try to tackle the bottleneck of the traditional FL, most of them introduce significant communication and memory overhead, making the deployment of large-scale AIoT devices a great challenge. To address the above problem, this paper presents a novel Distillation-based Federated Learning (DFL) architecture that enables efficient and accurate FL for AIoT applications. Inspired by Knowledge Distillation (KD) that can increase the model accuracy, our approach adds the soft targets used by KD to the FL model training, which occupies negligible network resources. The soft targets are generated by local sample predictions of each AIoT device after each round of local training and used for the next round of model training. During the local training of DFL, both soft targets and hard labels are used as approximation objectives of model predictions to improve model accuracy by supplementing the knowledge of soft targets. To further improve the performance of our DFL model, we design a dynamic adjustment strategy for tuning the ratio of two loss functions used in KD, which can maximize the use of both soft targets and hard labels. Comprehensive experimental results on well-known benchmarks show that our approach can significantly improve the model accuracy of FL with both Independent and Identically Distributed (IID) and non-IID data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MD-inferred neural network monoclinic finite-strain hyperelasticity models for $β$-HMX: Sobolev training and validation against physical constraints</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02077">arxiv:2112.02077</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Nikolaos N. Vlassis, Puhan Zhao, Ran Ma, Tommy Sewell, WaiChing Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a machine learning framework to train and validate neural networks to predict the anisotropic elastic response of the monoclinic organic molecular crystal $β$-HMX in the geometrical nonlinear regime. A filtered molecular dynamic (MD) simulations database is used to train the neural networks with a Sobolev norm that uses the stress measure and a reference configuration to deduce the elastic stored energy functional. To improve the accuracy of the elasticity tangent predictions originating from the learned stored energy, a transfer learning technique is used to introduce additional tangential constraints from the data while necessary conditions (e.g. strong ellipticity, crystallographic symmetry) for the correctness of the model are either introduced as additional physical constraints or incorporated in the validation tests. Assessment of the neural networks is based on (1) the accuracy with which they reproduce the bottom-line constitutive responses predicted by MD, (2) detailed examination of their stability and uniqueness, and (3) admissibility of the predicted responses with respect to continuum mechanics theory in the finite-deformation regime. We compare the neural networks' training efficiency under different Sobolev constraints and assess the models' accuracy and robustness against MD benchmarks for $β$-HMX.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepCQ+: Robust and Scalable Routing with Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning for Highly Dynamic Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.15013">arxiv:2111.15013</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Saeed Kaviani, Bo Ryu, Ejaz Ahmed, Kevin Larson, Anh Le, Alex Yahja, Jae H. Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Highly dynamic mobile ad-hoc networks (MANETs) remain as one of the most challenging environments to develop and deploy robust, efficient, and scalable routing protocols. In this paper, we present DeepCQ+ routing protocol which, in a novel manner integrates emerging multi-agent deep reinforcement learning (MADRL) techniques into existing Q-learning-based routing protocols and their variants and achieves persistently higher performance across a wide range of topology and mobility configurations. While keeping the overall protocol structure of the Q-learning-based routing protocols, DeepCQ+ replaces statically configured parameterized thresholds and hand-written rules with carefully designed MADRL agents such that no configuration of such parameters is required a priori. Extensive simulation shows that DeepCQ+ yields significantly increased end-to-end throughput with lower overhead and no apparent degradation of end-to-end delays (hop counts) compared to its Q-learning based counterparts. Qualitatively, and perhaps more significantly, DeepCQ+ maintains remarkably similar performance gains under many scenarios that it was not trained for in terms of network sizes, mobility conditions, and traffic dynamics. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first successful application of the MADRL framework for the MANET routing problem that demonstrates a high degree of scalability and robustness even under environments that are outside the trained range of scenarios. This implies that our MARL-based DeepCQ+ design solution significantly improves the performance of Q-learning based CQ+ baseline approach for comparison and increases its practicality and explainability because the real-world MANET environment will likely vary outside the trained range of MANET scenarios. Additional techniques to further increase the gains in performance and scalability are discussed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>High-Speed Light Focusing through Scattering Medium by Cooperatively Accelerated Genetic Algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14916">arxiv:2111.14916</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Shu Guo, Lin Pang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop an accelerated Genetic Algorithm (GA) system constructed by the cooperation of field-programmable gate array (FPGA) and optimized parameters of the GA. We found the enhanced decay of mutation rate makes convergence of the GA much faster, enabling the parameter-induced acceleration of the GA. Furthermore, the accelerated configuration of the GA is programmed in FPGA to boost processing speed at the hardware level without external computation devices. This system has ability to focus light through scattering medium within 4 seconds with robust noise resistance and stable repetition performance, which could be further reduced to millisecond level with advanced board configuration. This study solves the long-term limitation of the GA, it promotes the applications of the GA in dynamic scattering mediums, with the capability to tackle wavefront shaping in biological material.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ROBIN : A Benchmark for Robustness to Individual Nuisances in Real-World Out-of-Distribution Shifts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.14341">arxiv:2111.14341</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Bingchen Zhao, Shaozuo Yu, Wufei Ma, Mingxin Yu, Shenxiao Mei, Angtian Wang, Ju He, Alan Yuille, Adam Kortylewski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Enhancing the robustness in real-world scenarios has been proven very challenging. One reason is that existing robustness benchmarks are limited, as they either rely on synthetic data or they simply measure robustness as generalization between datasets and hence ignore the effects of individual nuisance factors. In this work, we introduce ROBIN, a benchmark dataset for diagnosing the robustness of vision algorithms to individual nuisances in real-world images. ROBIN builds on 10 rigid categories from the PASCAL VOC 2012 and ImageNet datasets and includes out-of-distribution examples of the objects 3D pose, shape, texture, context and weather conditions. ROBIN is richly annotated to enable benchmark models for image classification, object detection, and 3D pose estimation. We provide results for a number of popular baselines and make several interesting observations: 1. Some nuisance factors have a much stronger negative effect on the performance compared to others. Moreover, the negative effect of an OODnuisance depends on the downstream vision task. 2. Current approaches to enhance OOD robustness using strong data augmentation have only marginal effects in real-world OOD scenarios, and sometimes even reduce the OOD performance. 3. We do not observe any significant differences between convolutional and transformer architectures in terms of OOD robustness. We believe our dataset provides a rich testbed to study the OOD robustness of vision algorithms and will help to significantly push forward research in this area.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/11/28/2021.11.28.html' | relative_url }})
