## Summary for 2021-04-04, created on 2021-12-22


<details><summary><b>Understanding Continual Learning Settings with Data Distribution Drift Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01678">arxiv:2104.01678</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Timothée Lesort, Massimo Caccia, Irina Rish</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Classical machine learning algorithms often assume that the data are drawn i.i.d. from a stationary probability distribution. Recently, continual learning emerged as a rapidly growing area of machine learning where this assumption is relaxed, namely, where the data distribution is non-stationary, i.e., changes over time. However, data distribution drifts may interfere with the learning process and erase previously learned knowledge; thus, continual learning algorithms must include specialized mechanisms to deal with such distribution drifts. A distribution drift may change the class labels distribution, the input distribution, or both. Moreover, distribution drifts might be abrupt or gradual. In this paper, we aim to identify and categorize different types of data distribution drifts and potential assumptions about them, to better characterize various continual-learning scenarios. Moreover, we propose to use the distribution drift framework to provide more precise definitions of several terms commonly used in the continual learning field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Synergies Between Affordance and Geometry: 6-DoF Grasp Detection via Implicit Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01542">arxiv:2104.01542</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Zhenyu Jiang, Yifeng Zhu, Maxwell Svetlik, Kuan Fang, Yuke Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Grasp detection in clutter requires the robot to reason about the 3D scene from incomplete and noisy perception. In this work, we draw insight that 3D reconstruction and grasp learning are two intimately connected tasks, both of which require a fine-grained understanding of local geometry details. We thus propose to utilize the synergies between grasp affordance and 3D reconstruction through multi-task learning of a shared representation. Our model takes advantage of deep implicit functions, a continuous and memory-efficient representation, to enable differentiable training of both tasks. We train the model on self-supervised grasp trials data in simulation. Evaluation is conducted on a clutter removal task, where the robot clears cluttered objects by grasping them one at a time. The experimental results in simulation and on the real robot have demonstrated that the use of implicit neural representations and joint learning of grasp affordance and 3D reconstruction have led to state-of-the-art grasping results. Our method outperforms baselines by over 10% in terms of grasp success rate. Additional results and videos can be found at https://sites.google.com/view/rpl-giga2021

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Video Is Worth Three Views: Trigeminal Transformers for Video-based Person Re-identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01745">arxiv:2104.01745</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Xuehu Liu, Pingping Zhang, Chenyang Yu, Huchuan Lu, Xuesheng Qian, Xiaoyun Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video-based person re-identification (Re-ID) aims to retrieve video sequences of the same person under non-overlapping cameras. Previous methods usually focus on limited views, such as spatial, temporal or spatial-temporal view, which lack of the observations in different feature domains. To capture richer perceptions and extract more comprehensive video representations, in this paper we propose a novel framework named Trigeminal Transformers (TMT) for video-based person Re-ID. More specifically, we design a trigeminal feature extractor to jointly transform raw video data into spatial, temporal and spatial-temporal domain. Besides, inspired by the great success of vision transformer, we introduce the transformer structure for video-based person Re-ID. In our work, three self-view transformers are proposed to exploit the relationships between local features for information enhancement in spatial, temporal and spatial-temporal domains. Moreover, a cross-view transformer is proposed to aggregate the multi-view features for comprehensive video representations. The experimental results indicate that our approach can achieve better performance than other state-of-the-art approaches on public Re-ID benchmarks. We will release the code for model reproduction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainability-aided Domain Generalization for Image Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01742">arxiv:2104.01742</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Robin M. Schmidt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traditionally, for most machine learning settings, gaining some degree of explainability that tries to give users more insights into how and why the network arrives at its predictions, restricts the underlying model and hinders performance to a certain degree. For example, decision trees are thought of as being more explainable than deep neural networks but they lack performance on visual tasks. In this work, we empirically demonstrate that applying methods and architectures from the explainability literature can, in fact, achieve state-of-the-art performance for the challenging task of domain generalization while offering a framework for more insights into the prediction and training process. For that, we develop a set of novel algorithms including DivCAM, an approach where the network receives guidance during training via gradient based class activation maps to focus on a diverse set of discriminative features, as well as ProDrop and D-Transformers which apply prototypical networks to the domain generalization task, either with self-challenging or attention alignment. Since these methods offer competitive performance on top of explainability, we argue that the proposed methods can be used as a tool to improve the robustness of deep neural network architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Linear Policies for Robust Bipedal Locomotion on Terrains with Varying Slopes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01662">arxiv:2104.01662</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lokesh Krishna, Utkarsh A. Mishra, Guillermo A. Castillo, Ayonga Hereid, Shishir Kolathaya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, with a view toward deployment of light-weight control frameworks for bipedal walking robots, we realize end-foot trajectories that are shaped by a single linear feedback policy. We learn this policy via a model-free and a gradient-free learning algorithm, Augmented Random Search (ARS), in the two robot platforms Rabbit and Digit. Our contributions are two-fold: a) By using torso and support plane orientation as inputs, we achieve robust walking on slopes of up to 20 degrees in simulation. b) We demonstrate additional behaviors like walking backwards, stepping-in-place, and recovery from external pushes of up to 120 N. The end result is a robust and a fast feedback control law for bipedal walking on terrains with varying slopes. Towards the end, we also provide preliminary results of hardware transfer to Digit.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tukey Depths and Hamilton-Jacobi Differential Equations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01648">arxiv:2104.01648</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Martin Molina-Fructuoso, Ryan Murray</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The widespread application of modern machine learning has increased the need for robust statistical algorithms. This work studies one such fundamental statistical measure known as the Tukey depth. We study the problem in the continuum (population) limit. In particular, we derive the associated necessary conditions, which take the form of a first-order partial differential equation. We discuss the classical interpretation of this necessary condition as the viscosity solution of a Hamilton-Jacobi equation, but with a non-classical Hamiltonian with discontinuous dependence on the gradient at zero. We prove that this equation possesses a unique viscosity solution and that this solution always bounds the Tukey depth from below. In certain cases, we prove that the Tukey depth is equal to the viscosity solution, and we give some illustrations of standard numerical methods from the optimal control community which deal directly with the partial differential equation. We conclude by outlining several promising research directions both in terms of new numerical algorithms and theoretical challenges.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pareto Efficient Fairness in Supervised Learning: From Extraction to Tracing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01634">arxiv:2104.01634</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mohammad Mahdi Kamani, Rana Forsati, James Z. Wang, Mehrdad Mahdavi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As algorithmic decision-making systems are becoming more pervasive, it is crucial to ensure such systems do not become mechanisms of unfair discrimination on the basis of gender, race, ethnicity, religion, etc. Moreover, due to the inherent trade-off between fairness measures and accuracy, it is desirable to learn fairness-enhanced models without significantly compromising the accuracy. In this paper, we propose Pareto efficient Fairness (PEF) as a suitable fairness notion for supervised learning, that can ensure the optimal trade-off between overall loss and other fairness criteria. The proposed PEF notion is definition-agnostic, meaning that any well-defined notion of fairness can be reduced to the PEF notion. To efficiently find a PEF classifier, we cast the fairness-enhanced classification as a bilevel optimization problem and propose a gradient-based method that can guarantee the solution belongs to the Pareto frontier with provable guarantees for convex and non-convex objectives. We also generalize the proposed algorithmic solution to extract and trace arbitrary solutions from the Pareto frontier for a given preference over accuracy and fairness measures. This approach is generic and can be generalized to any multicriteria optimization problem to trace points on the Pareto frontier curve, which is interesting by its own right. We empirically demonstrate the effectiveness of the PEF solution and the extracted Pareto frontier on real-world datasets compared to state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Procrustean Training for Imbalanced Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01769">arxiv:2104.01769</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Han-Jia Ye, De-Chuan Zhan, Wei-Lun Chao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural networks trained with class-imbalanced data are known to perform poorly on minor classes of scarce training data. Several recent works attribute this to over-fitting to minor classes. In this paper, we provide a novel explanation of this issue. We found that a neural network tends to first under-fit the minor classes by classifying most of their data into the major classes in early training epochs. To correct these wrong predictions, the neural network then must focus on pushing features of minor class data across the decision boundaries between major and minor classes, leading to much larger gradients for features of minor classes. We argue that such an under-fitting phase over-emphasizes the competition between major and minor classes, hinders the neural network from learning the discriminative knowledge that can be generalized to test data, and eventually results in over-fitting. To address this issue, we propose a novel learning strategy to equalize the training progress across classes. We mix features of the major class data with those of other data in a mini-batch, intentionally weakening their features to prevent a neural network from fitting them first. We show that this strategy can largely balance the training accuracy and feature gradients across classes, effectively mitigating the under-fitting then over-fitting problem for minor class data. On several benchmark datasets, our approach achieves the state-of-the-art accuracy, especially for the challenging step-imbalanced cases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Uniting Heterogeneity, Inductiveness, and Efficiency for Graph Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01711">arxiv:2104.01711</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tong Chen, Hongzhi Yin, Jie Ren, Zi Huang, Xiangliang Zhang, Hao Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the ubiquitous graph-structured data in various applications, models that can learn compact but expressive vector representations of nodes have become highly desirable. Recently, bearing the message passing paradigm, graph neural networks (GNNs) have greatly advanced the performance of node representation learning on graphs. However, a majority class of GNNs are only designed for homogeneous graphs, leading to inferior adaptivity to the more informative heterogeneous graphs with various types of nodes and edges. Also, despite the necessity of inductively producing representations for completely new nodes (e.g., in streaming scenarios), few heterogeneous GNNs can bypass the transductive learning scheme where all nodes must be known during training. Furthermore, the training efficiency of most heterogeneous GNNs has been hindered by their sophisticated designs for extracting the semantics associated with each meta path or relation. In this paper, we propose WIde and DEep message passing Network (WIDEN) to cope with the aforementioned problems about heterogeneity, inductiveness, and efficiency that are rarely investigated together in graph representation learning. In WIDEN, we propose a novel inductive, meta path-free message passing scheme that packs up heterogeneous node features with their associated edges from both low- and high-order neighbor nodes. To further improve the training efficiency, we innovatively present an active downsampling strategy that drops unimportant neighbor nodes to facilitate faster information propagation. Experiments on three real-world heterogeneous graphs have further validated the efficacy of WIDEN on both transductive and inductive node representation learning, as well as the superior training efficiency against state-of-the-art baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>3D Convolutional Neural Networks for Stalled Brain Capillary Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01687">arxiv:2104.01687</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Roman Solovyev, Alexandr A. Kalinin, Tatiana Gabruseva</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adequate blood supply is critical for normal brain function. Brain vasculature dysfunctions such as stalled blood flow in cerebral capillaries are associated with cognitive decline and pathogenesis in Alzheimer's disease. Recent advances in imaging technology enabled generation of high-quality 3D images that can be used to visualize stalled blood vessels. However, localization of stalled vessels in 3D images is often required as the first step for downstream analysis, which can be tedious, time-consuming and error-prone, when done manually. Here, we describe a deep learning-based approach for automatic detection of stalled capillaries in brain images based on 3D convolutional neural networks. Our networks employed custom 3D data augmentations and were used weight transfer from pre-trained 2D models for initialization. We used an ensemble of several 3D models to produce the winning submission to the Clog Loss: Advance Alzheimer's Research with Stall Catchers machine learning competition that challenged the participants with classifying blood vessels in 3D image stacks as stalled or flowing. In this setting, our approach outperformed other methods and demonstrated state-of-the-art results, achieving 0.85 Matthews correlation coefficient, 85% sensitivity, and 99.3% specificity. The source code for our solution is made publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting Mergers and Acquisitions using Graph-based Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01757">arxiv:2104.01757</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Keenan Venuti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The graph data structure is a staple in mathematics, yet graph-based machine learning is a relatively green field within the domain of data science. Recent advances in graph-based ML and open source implementations of relevant algorithms are allowing researchers to apply methods created in academia to real-world datasets. The goal of this project was to utilize a popular graph machine learning framework, GraphSAGE, to predict mergers and acquisitions (M&A) of enterprise companies. The results were promising, as the model predicted with 81.79% accuracy on a validation dataset. Given the abundance of data sources and algorithmic decision making within financial data science, graph-based machine learning offers a performant, yet non-traditional approach to generating alpha.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph Generative Models for Fast Detector Simulations in High Energy Physics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01725">arxiv:2104.01725</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ali Hariri, Darya Dyachkova, Sergei Gleyzer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate and fast simulation of particle physics processes is crucial for the high-energy physics community. Simulating particle interactions with detectors is both time consuming and computationally expensive. With the proton-proton collision energy of 13 TeV, the Large Hadron Collider is uniquely positioned to detect and measure the rare phenomena that can shape our knowledge of new interactions. The High-Luminosity Large Hadron Collider (HL-LHC) upgrade will put a significant strain on the computing infrastructure due to increased event rate and levels of pile-up. Simulation of high-energy physics collisions needs to be significantly faster without sacrificing the physics accuracy. Machine learning approaches can offer faster solutions, while maintaining a high level of fidelity. We discuss a graph generative model that provides effective reconstruction of LHC events, paving the way for full detector level fast simulation for HL-LHC.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FixMyPose: Pose Correctional Captioning and Retrieval</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01703">arxiv:2104.01703</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hyounghun Kim, Abhay Zala, Graham Burri, Mohit Bansal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Interest in physical therapy and individual exercises such as yoga/dance has increased alongside the well-being trend. However, such exercises are hard to follow without expert guidance (which is impossible to scale for personalized feedback to every trainee remotely). Thus, automated pose correction systems are required more than ever, and we introduce a new captioning dataset named FixMyPose to address this need. We collect descriptions of correcting a "current" pose to look like a "target" pose (in both English and Hindi). The collected descriptions have interesting linguistic properties such as egocentric relations to environment objects, analogous references, etc., requiring an understanding of spatial relations and commonsense knowledge about postures. Further, to avoid ML biases, we maintain a balance across characters with diverse demographics, who perform a variety of movements in several interior environments (e.g., homes, offices). From our dataset, we introduce the pose-correctional-captioning task and its reverse target-pose-retrieval task. During the correctional-captioning task, models must generate descriptions of how to move from the current to target pose image, whereas in the retrieval task, models should select the correct target pose given the initial pose and correctional description. We present strong cross-attention baseline models (uni/multimodal, RL, multilingual) and also show that our baselines are competitive with other models when evaluated on other image-difference datasets. We also propose new task-specific metrics (object-match, body-part-match, direction-match) and conduct human evaluation for more reliable evaluation, and we demonstrate a large human-model performance gap suggesting room for promising future work. To verify the sim-to-real transfer of our FixMyPose dataset, we collect a set of real images and show promising performance on these images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ReCAM@IITK at SemEval-2021 Task 4: BERT and ALBERT based Ensemble for Abstract Word Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01563">arxiv:2104.01563</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Abhishek Mittal, Ashutosh Modi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper describes our system for Task 4 of SemEval-2021: Reading Comprehension of Abstract Meaning (ReCAM). We participated in all subtasks where the main goal was to predict an abstract word missing from a statement. We fine-tuned the pre-trained masked language models namely BERT and ALBERT and used an Ensemble of these as our submitted system on Subtask 1 (ReCAM-Imperceptibility) and Subtask 2 (ReCAM-Nonspecificity). For Subtask 3 (ReCAM-Intersection), we submitted the ALBERT model as it gives the best results. We tried multiple approaches and found that Masked Language Modeling(MLM) based approach works the best.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conv1D Energy-Aware Path Planner for Mobile Robots in Unstructured Environments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01560">arxiv:2104.01560</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Marco Visca, Arthur Bouton, Roger Powell, Yang Gao, Saber Fallah</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Driving energy consumption plays a major role in the navigation of mobile robots in challenging environments, especially if they are left to operate unattended under limited on-board power. This paper reports on first results of an energy-aware path planner, which can provide estimates of the driving energy consumption and energy recovery of a robot traversing complex uneven terrains. Energy is estimated over trajectories making use of a self-supervised learning approach, in which the robot autonomously learns how to correlate perceived terrain point clouds to energy consumption and recovery. A novel feature of the method is the use of 1D convolutional neural network to analyse the terrain sequentially in the same temporal order as it would be experienced by the robot when moving. The performance of the proposed approach is assessed in simulation over several digital terrain models collected from real natural scenarios, and is compared with a heuristic inclination-based energy model. We show evidence of the benefit of our method to increase the overall prediction r2 score by 66.8% and to reduce the driving energy consumption over planned paths by 5.5%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Principal Component Analysis Applied to Gradient Fields in Band Gap Optimization Problems for Metamaterials</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.02588">arxiv:2104.02588</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Giorgio Gnecco, Andrea Bacigalupo, Francesca Fantoni, Daniela Selvi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A promising technique for the spectral design of acoustic metamaterials is based on the formulation of suitable constrained nonlinear optimization problems. Unfortunately, the straightforward application of classical gradient-based iterative optimization algorithms to the numerical solution of such problems is typically highly demanding, due to the complexity of the underlying physical models. Nevertheless, supervised machine learning techniques can reduce such a computational effort, e.g., by replacing the original objective functions of such optimization problems with more-easily computable approximations. In this framework, the present article describes the application of a related unsupervised machine learning technique, namely, principal component analysis, to approximate the gradient of the objective function of a band gap optimization problem for an acoustic metamaterial, with the aim of making the successive application of a gradient-based iterative optimization algorithm faster. Numerical results show the effectiveness of the proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Semantic Interpretation of Thoracic Disease and COVID-19 Diagnosis Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.02481">arxiv:2104.02481</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ashkan Khakzar, Sabrina Musatian, Jonas Buchberger, Icxel Valeriano Quiroz, Nikolaus Pinger, Soroosh Baselizadeh, Seong Tae Kim, Nassir Navab</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional neural networks are showing promise in the automatic diagnosis of thoracic pathologies on chest x-rays. Their black-box nature has sparked many recent works to explain the prediction via input feature attribution methods (aka saliency methods). However, input feature attribution methods merely identify the importance of input regions for the prediction and lack semantic interpretation of model behavior. In this work, we first identify the semantics associated with internal units (feature maps) of the network. We proceed to investigate the following questions; Does a regression model that is only trained with COVID-19 severity scores implicitly learn visual patterns associated with thoracic pathologies? Does a network that is trained on weakly labeled data (e.g. healthy, unhealthy) implicitly learn pathologies? Moreover, we investigate the effect of pretraining and data imbalance on the interpretability of learned features. In addition to the analysis, we propose semantic attribution to semantically explain each prediction. We present our findings using publicly available chest pathologies (CheXpert, NIH ChestX-ray8) and COVID-19 datasets (BrixIA, and COVID-19 chest X-ray segmentation dataset). The Code is publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FocusNetv2: Imbalanced Large and Small Organ Segmentation with Adversarial Shape Constraint for Head and Neck CT Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01771">arxiv:2104.01771</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yunhe Gao, Rui Huang, Yiwei Yang, Jie Zhang, Kainan Shao, Changjuan Tao, Yuanyuan Chen, Dimitris N. Metaxas, Hongsheng Li, Ming Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Radiotherapy is a treatment where radiation is used to eliminate cancer cells. The delineation of organs-at-risk (OARs) is a vital step in radiotherapy treatment planning to avoid damage to healthy organs. For nasopharyngeal cancer, more than 20 OARs are needed to be precisely segmented in advance. The challenge of this task lies in complex anatomical structure, low-contrast organ contours, and the extremely imbalanced size between large and small organs. Common segmentation methods that treat them equally would generally lead to inaccurate small-organ labeling. We propose a novel two-stage deep neural network, FocusNetv2, to solve this challenging problem by automatically locating, ROI-pooling, and segmenting small organs with specifically designed small-organ localization and segmentation sub-networks while maintaining the accuracy of large organ segmentation. In addition to our original FocusNet, we employ a novel adversarial shape constraint on small organs to ensure the consistency between estimated small-organ shapes and organ shape prior knowledge. Our proposed framework is extensively tested on both self-collected dataset of 1,164 CT scans and the MICCAI Head and Neck Auto Segmentation Challenge 2015 dataset, which shows superior performance compared with state-of-the-art head and neck OAR segmentation methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimal Sampling Gaps for Adaptive Submodular Maximization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01750">arxiv:2104.01750</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shaojie Tang, Jing Yuan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Running machine learning algorithms on large and rapidly growing volumes of data are often computationally expensive, one common trick to reduce the size of a data set, and thus reduce the computational cost of machine learning algorithms, is \emph{probability sampling}. It creates a sampled data set by including each data point from the original data set with a known probability. Although the benefit of running machine learning algorithms on the reduced data set is obvious, one major concern is that the performance of the solution obtained from samples might be much worse than that of the optimal solution when using the full data set. In this paper, we examine the performance loss caused by probability sampling in the context of adaptive submodular maximization. We consider a easiest probability sampling method which selects each data point independently with probability $r\in[0,1]$. We define sampling gap as the largest ratio of the optimal solution obtained from the full data set and the optimal solution obtained from the samples, over independence systems. Our main contribution is to show that if the utility function is policywise submodular, then for a given sampling rate $r$, the sampling gap is both upper bounded and lower bounded by $1/r$. One immediate implication of our result is that if we can find an $α$-approximation solution based on a sampled data set (which is sampled at sampling rate $r$), then this solution achieves an $αr$ approximation ratio for the original problem when using the full data set. We also show that the property of policywise submodular can be found in a wide range of real-world applications, including pool-based active learning and adaptive viral marketing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast Design Space Exploration of Nonlinear Systems: Part I</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01747">arxiv:2104.01747</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sanjai Narain, Emily Mak, Dana Chee, Brendan Englot, Kishore Pochiraju, Niraj K. Jha, Karthik Narayan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** System design tools are often only available as input-output blackboxes: for a given design as input they compute an output representing system behavior. Blackboxes are intended to be run in the forward direction. This paper presents a new method of solving the inverse design problem namely, given requirements or constraints on output, find an input that also optimizes an objective function. This problem is challenging for several reasons. First, blackboxes are not designed to be run in reverse. Second, inputs and outputs can be discrete and continuous. Third, finding designs concurrently satisfying a set of requirements is hard because designs satisfying individual requirements may conflict with each other. Fourth, blackbox evaluations can be expensive. Finally, blackboxes can sometimes fail to produce an output. This paper presents CNMA, a new method of solving the inverse problem that overcomes these challenges. CNMA tries to sample only the part of the design space relevant to solving the problem, leveraging the power of neural networks, Mixed Integer Linear Programs, and a new learning-from-failure feedback loop. The paper also presents a parallel version of CNMA that improves the efficiency and quality of solutions over the sequential version, and tries to steer it away from local optima. CNMA's performance is evaluated against conventional optimization methods for seven nonlinear design problems of 8 (two problems), 10, 15, 36 and 60 real-valued dimensions and one with 186 binary dimensions. Conventional methods evaluated are off-the-shelf implementations of Bayesian Optimization with Gaussian Processes, Nelder Mead and Random Search. The first two do not solve problems that are high-dimensional, have discrete and continuous variables or whose blackboxes can fail to return values. CNMA solves all problems, and surpasses the performance of conventional methods by 1%-87%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Configurable BNN ASIC using a Network of Programmable Threshold Logic Standard Cells</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01699">arxiv:2104.01699</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ankit Wagle, Sunil Khatri, Sarma Vrudhula</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents TULIP, a new architecture for a binary neural network (BNN) that uses an optimal schedule for executing the operations of an arbitrary BNN. It was constructed with the goal of maximizing energy efficiency per classification. At the top-level, TULIP consists of a collection of unique processing elements (TULIP-PEs) that are organized in a SIMD fashion. Each TULIP-PE consists of a small network of binary neurons, and a small amount of local memory per neuron. The unique aspect of the binary neuron is that it is implemented as a mixed-signal circuit that natively performs the inner-product and thresholding operation of an artificial binary neuron. Moreover, the binary neuron, which is implemented as a single CMOS standard cell, is reconfigurable, and with a change in a single parameter, can implement all standard operations involved in a BNN. We present novel algorithms for mapping arbitrary nodes of a BNN onto the TULIP-PEs. TULIP was implemented as an ASIC in TSMC 40nm-LP technology. To provide a fair comparison, a recently reported BNN that employs a conventional MAC-based arithmetic processor was also implemented in the same technology. The results show that TULIP is consistently 3X more energy-efficient than the conventional design, without any penalty in performance, area, or accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Faster Convolution Inference Through Using Pre-Calculated Lookup Tables</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01681">arxiv:2104.01681</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Grigor Gatchev, Valentin Mollov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Low-cardinality activations permit an algorithm based on fetching the inference values from pre-calculated lookup tables instead of calculating them every time. This algorithm can have extensions, some of which offer abilities beyond those of the currently used algorithms. It also allows for a simpler and more effective CNN-specialized hardware.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Isconna: Streaming Anomaly Detection with Frequency and Patterns</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01632">arxiv:2104.01632</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rui Liu, Siddharth Bhatia, Bryan Hooi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An edge stream is a common form of presentation of dynamic networks. It can evolve with time, with new types of nodes or edges being continuously added. Existing methods for anomaly detection rely on edge occurrence counts or compare pattern snippets found in historical records. In this work, we propose Isconna, which focuses on both the frequency and the pattern of edge records. The burst detection component targets anomalies between individual timestamps, while the pattern detection component highlights anomalies across segments of timestamps. These two components together produce three intermediate scores, which are aggregated into the final anomaly score. Isconna does not actively explore or maintain pattern snippets; it instead measures the consecutive presence and absence of edge records. Isconna is an online algorithm, it does not keep the original information of edge records; only statistical values are maintained in a few count-min sketches (CMS). Isconna's space complexity $O(rc)$ is determined by two user-specific parameters, the size of CMSs. In worst case, Isconna's time complexity can be up to $O(rc)$, but it can be amortized in practice. Experiments show that Isconna outperforms five state-of-the-art frequency- and/or pattern-based baselines on six real-world datasets with up to 20 million edge records.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Federated Learning Framework for Non-Intrusive Load Monitoring</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01618">arxiv:2104.01618</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Haijin Wang, Caomingzhe Si, Junhua Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Non-intrusive load monitoring (NILM) aims at decomposing the total reading of the household power consumption into appliance-wise ones, which is beneficial for consumer behavior analysis as well as energy conservation. NILM based on deep learning has been a focus of research. To train a better neural network, it is necessary for the network to be fed with massive data containing various appliances and reflecting consumer behavior habits. Therefore, data cooperation among utilities and DNOs (distributed network operators) who own the NILM data has been increasingly significant. During the cooperation, however, risks of consumer privacy leakage and losses of data control rights arise. To deal with the problems above, a framework to improve the performance of NILM with federated learning (FL) has been set up. In the framework, model weights instead of the local data are shared among utilities. The global model is generated by weighted averaging the locally-trained model weights to gather the locally-trained model information. Optimal model selection help choose the model which adapts to the data from different domains best. Experiments show that this proposal improves the performance of local NILM runners. The performance of this framework is close to that of the centrally-trained model obtained by the convergent data without privacy protection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Information-theoretic regularization for Multi-source Domain Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01568">arxiv:2104.01568</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Geon Yeong Park, Sang Wan Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adversarial learning strategy has demonstrated remarkable performance in dealing with single-source Domain Adaptation (DA) problems, and it has recently been applied to Multi-source DA (MDA) problems. Although most existing MDA strategies rely on a multiple domain discriminator setting, its effect on the latent space representations has been poorly understood. Here we adopt an information-theoretic approach to identify and resolve the potential adverse effect of the multiple domain discriminators on MDA: disintegration of domain-discriminative information, limited computational scalability, and a large variance in the gradient of the loss during training. We examine the above issues by situating adversarial DA in the context of information regularization. This also provides a theoretical justification for using a single and unified domain discriminator. Based on this idea, we implement a novel neural architecture called a Multi-source Information-regularized Adaptation Networks (MIAN). Large-scale experiments demonstrate that MIAN, despite its structural simplicity, reliably and significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Task-Motion Planning Framework Using Iteratively Deepened AND/OR Graph Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01549">arxiv:2104.01549</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hossein Karami, Antony Thomas, Fulvio Mastrogiovanni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present an approach for Task-Motion Planning (TMP) using Iterative Deepened AND/OR Graph Networks (TMP-IDAN) that uses an AND/OR graph network based novel abstraction for compactly representing the task-level states and actions. While retrieving a target object from clutter, the number of object re-arrangements required to grasp the target is not known ahead of time. To address this challenge, in contrast to traditional AND/OR graph-based planners, we grow the AND/OR graph online until the target grasp is feasible and thereby obtain a network of AND/OR graphs. The AND/OR graph network allows faster computations than traditional task planners. We validate our approach and evaluate its capabilities using a Baxter robot and a state-of-the-art robotics simulator in several challenging non-trivial cluttered table-top scenarios. The experiments show that our approach is readily scalable to increasing number of objects and different degrees of clutter.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Conversational Agent System for Dietary Supplements Use</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01543">arxiv:2104.01543</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Esha Singh, Anu Bompelli, Ruyuan Wan, Jiang Bian, Serguei Pakhomov, Rui Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Dietary supplements (DS) have been widely used by consumers, but the information around the efficacy and safety of DS is disparate or incomplete, thus creating barriers for consumers to find information effectively. Conversational agent (CA) systems have been applied to the healthcare domain, but there is no such a system to answer consumers regarding DS use, although widespread use of DS. In this study, we develop the first CA system for DS use

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Performance analysis of facial recognition: A critical review through glass factor</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01536">arxiv:2104.01536</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiashu He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** COVID-19 pandemic and social distancing urge a reliable human face recognition system in different abnormal situations. However, there is no research which studies the influence of glass factor in facial recognition system. This paper provides a comprehensive review of glass factor. The study contains two steps: data collection and accuracy test. Data collection includes collecting human face images through different situations, such as clear glasses, glass with water and glass with mist. Based on the collected data, an existing state-of-the-art face detection and recognition system built upon MTCNN and Inception V1 deep nets is tested for further analysis. Experimental data supports that 1) the system is robust for classification when comparing real-time images and 2) it fails at determining if two images are of same person by comparing real-time disturbed image with the frontal ones.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Visual analytics of set data for knowledge discovery and member selection support</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.09231">arxiv:2104.09231</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ryuji Watanabe, Hideaki Ishibashi, Tetsuo Furukawa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual analytics (VA) is a visually assisted exploratory analysis approach in which knowledge discovery is executed interactively between the user and system in a human-centered manner. The purpose of this study is to develop a method for the VA of set data aimed at supporting knowledge discovery and member selection. A typical target application is a visual support system for team analysis and member selection, by which users can analyze past teams and examine candidate lineups for new teams. Because there are several difficulties, such as the combinatorial explosion problem, developing a VA system of set data is challenging. In this study, we first define the requirements that the target system should satisfy and clarify the accompanying challenges. Then we propose a method for the VA of set data, which satisfies the requirements. The key idea is to model the generation process of sets and their outputs using a manifold network model. The proposed method visualizes the relevant factors as a set of topographic maps on which various information is visualized. Furthermore, using the topographic maps as a bidirectional interface, users can indicate their targets of interest in the system on these maps. We demonstrate the proposed method by applying it to basketball teams, and compare with a benchmark system for outcome prediction and lineup reconstruction tasks. Because the method can be adapted to individual application cases by extending the network structure, it can be a general method by which practical systems can be built.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On principal component analysis of the convex combination of two data matrices and its application to acoustic metamaterial filters</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.07054">arxiv:2104.07054</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Giorgio Gnecco, Andrea Bacigalupo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this short paper, a matrix perturbation bound on the eigenvalues found by principal component analysis is investigated, for the case in which the data matrix on which principal component analysis is performed is a convex combination of two data matrices. The application of the theoretical analysis to multi-objective optimization problems (e.g., those arising in the design of acoustic metamaterial filters) is briefly discussed, together with possible extensions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A review of artificial intelligence methods combined with Raman spectroscopy to identify the composition of substances</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.04599">arxiv:2104.04599</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Liangrui Pan, Peng Zhang, Chalongrat Daengngam, Mitchai Chongcheawchamnan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In general, most of the substances in nature exist in mixtures, and the noninvasive identification of mixture composition with high speed and accuracy remains a difficult task. However, the development of Raman spectroscopy, machine learning, and deep learning techniques have paved the way for achieving efficient analytical tools capable of identifying mixture components, making an apparent breakthrough in the identification of mixtures beyond the traditional chemical analysis methods. This article summarizes the work of Raman spectroscopy in identifying the composition of substances as well as provides detailed reviews on the preprocessing process of Raman spectroscopy, the analysis methods and applications of artificial intelligence. This review summarizes the work of Raman spectroscopy in identifying the composition of substances and reviews the preprocessing process of Raman spectroscopy, the analysis methods and applications of artificial intelligence. Finally, the advantages and disadvantages and development prospects of Raman spectroscopy are discussed in detail.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MGN-Net: a multi-view graph normalizer for integrating heterogeneous biological network populations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.03895">arxiv:2104.03895</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Islem Rekik, Mustafa Burak Gurbuz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the recent technological advances, biological datasets, often represented by networks (i.e., graphs) of interacting entities, proliferate with unprecedented complexity and heterogeneity. Although modern network science opens new frontiers of analyzing connectivity patterns in such datasets, we still lack data-driven methods for extracting an integral connectional fingerprint of a multi-view graph population, let alone disentangling the typical from the atypical variations across the population samples. We present the multi-view graph normalizer network (MGN-Net; https://github.com/basiralab/MGN-Net), a graph neural network based method to normalize and integrate a set of multi-view biological networks into a single connectional template that is centered, representative, and topologically sound. We demonstrate the use of MGN-Net by discovering the connectional fingerprints of healthy and neurologically disordered brain network populations including Alzheimer's disease and Autism spectrum disorder patients. Additionally, by comparing the learned templates of healthy and disordered populations, we show that MGN-Net significantly outperforms conventional network integration methods across extensive experiments in terms of producing the most centered templates, recapitulating unique traits of populations, and preserving the complex topology of biological networks. Our evaluations showed that MGN-Net is powerfully generic and easily adaptable in design to different graph-based problems such as identification of relevant connections, normalization and integration.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Opportunistic Screening of Osteoporosis Using Plain Film Chest X-ray</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01734">arxiv:2104.01734</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Fakai Wang, Kang Zheng, Yirui Wang, Xiaoyun Zhou, Le Lu, Jing Xiao, Min Wu, Chang-Fu Kuo, Shun Miao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Osteoporosis is a common chronic metabolic bone disease that is often under-diagnosed and under-treated due to the limited access to bone mineral density (BMD) examinations, Dual-energy X-ray Absorptiometry (DXA). In this paper, we propose a method to predict BMD from Chest X-ray (CXR), one of the most common, accessible, and low-cost medical image examinations. Our method first automatically detects Regions of Interest (ROIs) of local and global bone structures from the CXR. Then a multi-ROI model is developed to exploit both local and global information in the chest X-ray image for accurate BMD estimation. Our method is evaluated on 329 CXR cases with ground truth BMD measured by DXA. The model predicted BMD has a strong correlation with the gold standard DXA BMD (Pearson correlation coefficient 0.840). When applied for osteoporosis screening, it achieves a high classification performance (AUC 0.936). As the first effort in the field to use CXR scans to predict the spine BMD, the proposed algorithm holds strong potential in enabling early osteoporosis screening through routine chest X-rays and contributing to the enhancement of public health.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quaternion Factorization Machines: A Lightweight Solution to Intricate Feature Interaction Modelling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01716">arxiv:2104.01716</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tong Chen, Hongzhi Yin, Xiangliang Zhang, Zi Huang, Yang Wang, Meng Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As a well-established approach, factorization machine (FM) is capable of automatically learning high-order interactions among features to make predictions without the need for manual feature engineering. With the prominent development of deep neural networks (DNNs), there is a recent and ongoing trend of enhancing the expressiveness of FM-based models with DNNs. However, though better results are obtained with DNN-based FM variants, such performance gain is paid off by an enormous amount (usually millions) of excessive model parameters on top of the plain FM. Consequently, the heavy parameterization impedes the real-life practicality of those deep models, especially efficient deployment on resource-constrained IoT and edge devices. In this paper, we move beyond the traditional real space where most deep FM-based models are defined, and seek solutions from quaternion representations within the hypercomplex space. Specifically, we propose the quaternion factorization machine (QFM) and quaternion neural factorization machine (QNFM), which are two novel lightweight and memory-efficient quaternion-valued models for sparse predictive analytics. By introducing a brand new take on FM-based models with the notion of quaternion algebra, our models not only enable expressive inter-component feature interactions, but also significantly reduce the parameter size due to lower degrees of freedom in the hypercomplex Hamilton product compared with real-valued matrix multiplication. Extensive experimental results on three large-scale datasets demonstrate that QFM achieves 4.36% performance improvement over the plain FM without introducing any extra parameters, while QNFM outperforms all baselines with up to two magnitudes' parameter size reduction in comparison to state-of-the-art peer methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A contrastive rule for meta-learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01677">arxiv:2104.01677</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nicolas Zucchet, Simon Schug, Johannes von Oswald, Dominic Zhao, João Sacramento</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Meta-learning algorithms leverage regularities that are present on a set of tasks to speed up and improve the performance of a subsidiary learning process. Recent work on deep neural networks has shown that prior gradient-based learning of meta-parameters can greatly improve the efficiency of subsequent learning. Here, we present a biologically plausible meta-learning algorithm based on equilibrium propagation. Instead of explicitly differentiating the learning process, our contrastive meta-learning rule estimates meta-parameter gradients by executing the subsidiary process more than once. This avoids reversing the learning dynamics in time and computing second-order derivatives. In spite of this, and unlike previous first-order methods, our rule recovers an arbitrarily accurate meta-parameter update given enough compute. We establish theoretical bounds on its performance and present experiments on a set of standard benchmarks and neural network architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Finite-Time Convergence Rates of Nonlinear Two-Time-Scale Stochastic Approximation under Markovian Noise</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01627">arxiv:2104.01627</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Thinh T. Doan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the so-called two-time-scale stochastic approximation, a simulation-based approach for finding the roots of two coupled nonlinear operators. Our focus is to characterize its finite-time performance in a Markov setting, which often arises in stochastic control and reinforcement learning problems. In particular, we consider the scenario where the data in the method are generated by Markov processes, therefore, they are dependent. Such dependent data result to biased observations of the underlying operators. Under some fairly standard assumptions on the operators and the Markov processes, we provide a formula that characterizes the convergence rate of the mean square errors generated by the method to zero. Our result shows that the method achieves a convergence in expectation at a rate $\mathcal{O}(1/k^{2/3})$, where $k$ is the number of iterations. Our analysis is mainly motivated by the classic singular perturbation theory for studying the asymptotic convergence of two-time-scale systems, that is, we consider a Lyapunov function that carefully characterizes the coupling between the two iterates. In addition, we utilize the geometric mixing time of the underlying Markov process to handle the bias and dependence in the data. Our theoretical result complements for the existing literature, where the rate of nonlinear two-time-scale stochastic approximation under Markovian noise is unknown.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Identification of Nonlinear Dynamic Systems Using Type-2 Fuzzy Neural Networks -- A Novel Learning Algorithm and a Comparative Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01713">arxiv:2104.01713</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Erkan Kayacan, Erdal Kayacan, Mojtaba Ahmadieh Khanesar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In order to achieve faster and more robust convergence (especially under noisy working environments), a sliding mode theory-based learning algorithm has been proposed to tune both the premise and consequent parts of type-2 fuzzy neural networks in this paper. Differently from recent studies, where sliding mode control theory-based rules are proposed for only the consequent part of the network, the developed algorithm applies fully sliding mode parameter update rules for both the premise and consequent parts of the type-2 fuzzy neural networks. In addition, the responsible parameter for sharing the contributions of the lower and upper parts of the type-2 fuzzy membership functions is also tuned. Moreover, the learning rate of the network is updated during the online training. The stability of the proposed learning algorithm has been proved by using an appropriate Lyapunov function. Several comparisons have been realized and shown that the proposed algorithm has faster convergence speed than the existing methods such as gradient-based and swarm intelligence-based methods. Moreover, the proposed learning algorithm has a closed form, and it is easier to implement than the other existing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A unified framework for non-negative matrix and tensor factorisations with a smoothed Wasserstein loss</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01708">arxiv:2104.01708</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Stephen Y. Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Non-negative matrix and tensor factorisations are a classical tool for finding low-dimensional representations of high-dimensional datasets. In applications such as imaging, datasets can be regarded as distributions supported on a space with metric structure. In such a setting, a loss function based on the Wasserstein distance of optimal transportation theory is a natural choice since it incorporates the underlying geometry of the data. We introduce a general mathematical framework for computing non-negative factorisations of both matrices and tensors with respect to an optimal transport loss. We derive an efficient computational method for its solution using a convex dual formulation, and demonstrate the applicability of this approach with several numerical illustrations with both matrix and tensor-valued data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Topological Information Retrieval with Dilation-Invariant Bottleneck Comparative Measures</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01672">arxiv:2104.01672</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Athanasios Vlontzos, Yueqi Cao, Luca Schmidtke, Bernhard Kainz, Anthea Monod</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Appropriately representing elements in a database so that queries may be accurately matched is a central task in information retrieval; recently, this has been achieved by embedding the graphical structure of the database into a manifold in a hierarchy-preserving manner using a variety of metrics. Persistent homology is a tool commonly used in topological data analysis that is able to rigorously characterize a database in terms of both its hierarchy and connectivity structure. Computing persistent homology on a variety of embedded datasets reveals that some commonly used embeddings fail to preserve the connectivity. We show that those embeddings which successfully retain the database topology coincide in persistent homology by introducing two dilation-invariant comparative measures to capture this effect: in particular, they address the issue of metric distortion on manifolds. We provide an algorithm for their computation that exhibits greatly reduced time complexity over existing methods. We use these measures to perform the first instance of topology-based information retrieval and demonstrate its increased performance over the standard bottleneck distance for persistent homology. We showcase our approach on databases of different data varieties including text, videos, and medical images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Synthesizing MR Image Contrast Enhancement Using 3D High-resolution ConvNets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01592">arxiv:2104.01592</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Chao Chen, Catalina Raymond, Bill Speier, Xinyu Jin, Timothy F. Cloughesy, Dieter Enzmann, Benjamin M. Ellingson, Corey W. Arnold</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Gadolinium-based contrast agents (GBCAs) have been widely used to better visualize disease in brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). However, gadolinium deposition within the brain and body has raised safety concerns about the use of GBCAs. Therefore, the development of novel approaches that can decrease or even eliminate GBCA exposure while providing similar contrast information would be of significant use clinically. For brain tumor patients, standard-of-care includes repeated MRI with gadolinium-based contrast for disease monitoring, increasing the risk of gadolinium deposition. In this work, we present a deep learning based approach for contrast-enhanced T1 synthesis on brain tumor patients. A 3D high-resolution fully convolutional network (FCN), which maintains high resolution information through processing and aggregates multi-scale information in parallel, is designed to map pre-contrast MRI sequences to contrast-enhanced MRI sequences. Specifically, three pre-contrast MRI sequences, T1, T2 and apparent diffusion coefficient map (ADC), are utilized as inputs and the post-contrast T1 sequences are utilized as target output. To alleviate the data imbalance problem between normal tissues and the tumor regions, we introduce a local loss to improve the contribution of the tumor regions, which leads to better enhancement results on tumors. Extensive quantitative and visual assessments are performed, with our proposed model achieving a PSNR of 28.24dB in the brain and 21.2dB in tumor regions. Our results suggests the potential of substituting GBCAs with synthetic contrast images generated via deep learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DINE: Domain Adaptation from Single and Multiple Black-box Predictors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.01539">arxiv:2104.01539</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Jian Liang, Dapeng Hu, Jiashi Feng, Ran He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To ease the burden of labeling, unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to transfer knowledge in previous and related labeled datasets (sources) to a new unlabeled dataset (target). Despite impressive progress, prior methods always need to access the raw source data and develop data-dependent alignment approaches to recognize the target samples in a transductive learning manner, which may raise privacy concerns from source individuals. Several recent studies resort to an alternative solution by exploiting the well-trained white-box model from the source domain, yet, it may still leak the raw data through generative adversarial learning. This paper studies a practical and interesting setting for UDA, where only black-box source models (i.e., only network predictions are available) are provided during adaptation in the target domain. To solve this problem, we propose a new two-step knowledge adaptation framework called DIstill and fine-tuNE (DINE). Taking into consideration the target data structure, DINE first distills the knowledge from the source predictor to a customized target model, then fine-tunes the distilled model to further fit the target domain. Besides, neural networks are not required to be identical across domains in DINE, even allowing effective adaptation on a low-resource device. Empirical results on three UDA scenarios (i.e., single-source, multi-source, and partial-set) confirm that DINE achieves highly competitive performance compared to state-of-the-art data-dependent approaches. Code is available at \url{https://github.com/tim-learn/DINE/}.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/04/03/2021.04.03.html' | relative_url }})
