## Summary for 2021-09-17, created on 2021-12-18


<details><summary><b>Primer: Searching for Efficient Transformers for Language Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08668">arxiv:2109.08668</a>
&#x1F4C8; 238 <br>
<p>David R. So, Wojciech Mańke, Hanxiao Liu, Zihang Dai, Noam Shazeer, Quoc V. Le</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large Transformer models have been central to recent advances in natural language processing. The training and inference costs of these models, however, have grown rapidly and become prohibitively expensive. Here we aim to reduce the costs of Transformers by searching for a more efficient variant. Compared to previous approaches, our search is performed at a lower level, over the primitives that define a Transformer TensorFlow program. We identify an architecture, named Primer, that has a smaller training cost than the original Transformer and other variants for auto-regressive language modeling. Primer's improvements can be mostly attributed to two simple modifications: squaring ReLU activations and adding a depthwise convolution layer after each Q, K, and V projection in self-attention.
  Experiments show Primer's gains over Transformer increase as compute scale grows and follow a power law with respect to quality at optimal model sizes. We also verify empirically that Primer can be dropped into different codebases to significantly speed up training without additional tuning. For example, at a 500M parameter size, Primer improves the original T5 architecture on C4 auto-regressive language modeling, reducing the training cost by 4X. Furthermore, the reduced training cost means Primer needs much less compute to reach a target one-shot performance. For instance, in a 1.9B parameter configuration similar to GPT-3 XL, Primer uses 1/3 of the training compute to achieve the same one-shot performance as Transformer. We open source our models and several comparisons in T5 to help with reproducibility.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Knowledge is reward: Learning optimal exploration by predictive reward cashing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08518">arxiv:2109.08518</a>
&#x1F4C8; 51 <br>
<p>Luca Ambrogioni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is a strong link between the general concept of intelligence and the ability to collect and use information. The theory of Bayes-adaptive exploration offers an attractive optimality framework for training machines to perform complex information gathering tasks. However, the computational complexity of the resulting optimal control problem has limited the diffusion of the theory to mainstream deep AI research. In this paper we exploit the inherent mathematical structure of Bayes-adaptive problems in order to dramatically simplify the problem by making the reward structure denser while simultaneously decoupling the learning of exploitation and exploration policies. The key to this simplification comes from the novel concept of cross-value (i.e. the value of being in an environment while acting optimally according to another), which we use to quantify the value of currently available information. This results in a new denser reward structure that "cashes in" all future rewards that can be predicted from the current information state. In a set of experiments we show that the approach makes it possible to learn challenging information gathering tasks without the use of shaping and heuristic bonuses in situations where the standard RL algorithms fail.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-supervised learning methods and applications in medical imaging analysis: A survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08685">arxiv:2109.08685</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Saeed Shurrab, Rehab Duwairi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The availability of high quality annotated medical imaging datasets is a major problem that collides with machine learning applications in the field of medical imaging analysis and impedes its advancement. Self-supervised learning is a recent training paradigm that enables learning robust representations without the need for human annotation which can be considered as an effective solution for the scarcity in annotated medical data. This article reviews the state-of-the-art research directions in self-supervised learning approaches for image data with concentration on their applications in the field of medical imaging analysis. The article covers a set of the most recent self-supervised learning methods from the computer vision field as they are applicable to the medical imaging analysis and categorize them as predictive, generative and contrastive approaches. Moreover, the article covers (40) of the most recent researches in the field of self-supervised learning in medical imaging analysis aiming at shedding the light on the recent innovation in the field. Ultimately, the article concludes with possible future research directions in the field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Segmentation of Brain MRI using an Altruistic Harris Hawks' Optimization algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08688">arxiv:2109.08688</a>
&#x1F4C8; 22 <br>
<p>Rajarshi Bandyopadhyay, Rohit Kundu, Diego Oliva, Ram Sarkar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Segmentation is an essential requirement in medicine when digital images are used in illness diagnosis, especially, in posterior tasks as analysis and disease identification. An efficient segmentation of brain Magnetic Resonance Images (MRIs) is of prime concern to radiologists due to their poor illumination and other conditions related to de acquisition of the images. Thresholding is a popular method for segmentation that uses the histogram of an image to label different homogeneous groups of pixels into different classes. However, the computational cost increases exponentially according to the number of thresholds. In this paper, we perform the multi-level thresholding using an evolutionary metaheuristic. It is an improved version of the Harris Hawks Optimization (HHO) algorithm that combines the chaotic initialization and the concept of altruism. Further, for fitness assignment, we use a hybrid objective function where along with the cross-entropy minimization, we apply a new entropy function, and leverage weights to the two objective functions to form a new hybrid approach. The HHO was originally designed to solve numerical optimization problems. Earlier, the statistical results and comparisons have demonstrated that the HHO provides very promising results compared with well-established metaheuristic techniques. In this article, the altruism has been incorporated into the HHO algorithm to enhance its exploitation capabilities. We evaluate the proposed method over 10 benchmark images from the WBA database of the Harvard Medical School and 8 benchmark images from the Brainweb dataset using some standard evaluation metrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Is Curiosity All You Need? On the Utility of Emergent Behaviours from Curious Exploration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08603">arxiv:2109.08603</a>
&#x1F4C8; 22 <br>
<p>Oliver Groth, Markus Wulfmeier, Giulia Vezzani, Vibhavari Dasagi, Tim Hertweck, Roland Hafner, Nicolas Heess, Martin Riedmiller</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Curiosity-based reward schemes can present powerful exploration mechanisms which facilitate the discovery of solutions for complex, sparse or long-horizon tasks. However, as the agent learns to reach previously unexplored spaces and the objective adapts to reward new areas, many behaviours emerge only to disappear due to being overwritten by the constantly shifting objective. We argue that merely using curiosity for fast environment exploration or as a bonus reward for a specific task does not harness the full potential of this technique and misses useful skills. Instead, we propose to shift the focus towards retaining the behaviours which emerge during curiosity-based learning. We posit that these self-discovered behaviours serve as valuable skills in an agent's repertoire to solve related tasks. Our experiments demonstrate the continuous shift in behaviour throughout training and the benefits of a simple policy snapshot method to reuse discovered behaviour for transfer tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PIRenderer: Controllable Portrait Image Generation via Semantic Neural Rendering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08379">arxiv:2109.08379</a>
&#x1F4C8; 16 <br>
<p>Yurui Ren, Ge Li, Yuanqi Chen, Thomas H. Li, Shan Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generating portrait images by controlling the motions of existing faces is an important task of great consequence to social media industries. For easy use and intuitive control, semantically meaningful and fully disentangled parameters should be used as modifications. However, many existing techniques do not provide such fine-grained controls or use indirect editing methods i.e. mimic motions of other individuals. In this paper, a Portrait Image Neural Renderer (PIRenderer) is proposed to control the face motions with the parameters of three-dimensional morphable face models (3DMMs). The proposed model can generate photo-realistic portrait images with accurate movements according to intuitive modifications. Experiments on both direct and indirect editing tasks demonstrate the superiority of this model. Meanwhile, we further extend this model to tackle the audio-driven facial reenactment task by extracting sequential motions from audio inputs. We show that our model can generate coherent videos with convincing movements from only a single reference image and a driving audio stream. Our source code is available at https://github.com/RenYurui/PIRender.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Report on China-Spain Joint Clinical Testing for Rapid COVID-19 Risk Screening by Eye-region Manifestations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08807">arxiv:2109.08807</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Yanwei Fu, Feng Li, Paula boned Fustel, Lei Zhao, Lijie Jia, Haojie Zheng, Qiang Sun, Shisong Rong, Haicheng Tang, Xiangyang Xue, Li Yang, Hong Li, Jiao Xie Wenxuan Wang, Yuan Li, Wei Wang, Yantao Pei, Jianmin Wang, Xiuqi Wu, Yanhua Zheng, Hongxia Tian, Mengwei Gu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Background: The worldwide surge in coronavirus cases has led to the COVID-19 testing demand surge. Rapid, accurate, and cost-effective COVID-19 screening tests working at a population level are in imperative demand globally.
  Methods: Based on the eye symptoms of COVID-19, we developed and tested a COVID-19 rapid prescreening model using the eye-region images captured in China and Spain with cellphone cameras. The convolutional neural networks (CNNs)-based model was trained on these eye images to complete binary classification task of identifying the COVID-19 cases. The performance was measured using area under receiver-operating-characteristic curve (AUC), sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, and F1. The application programming interface was open access.
  Findings: The multicenter study included 2436 pictures corresponding to 657 subjects (155 COVID-19 infection, 23.6%) in development dataset (train and validation) and 2138 pictures corresponding to 478 subjects (64 COVID-19 infections, 13.4%) in test dataset. The image-level performance of COVID-19 prescreening model in the China-Spain multicenter study achieved an AUC of 0.913 (95% CI, 0.898-0.927), with a sensitivity of 0.695 (95% CI, 0.643-0.748), a specificity of 0.904 (95% CI, 0.891 -0.919), an accuracy of 0.875(0.861-0.889), and a F1 of 0.611(0.568-0.655).
  Interpretation: The CNN-based model for COVID-19 rapid prescreening has reliable specificity and sensitivity. This system provides a low-cost, fully self-performed, non-invasive, real-time feedback solution for continuous surveillance and large-scale rapid prescreening for COVID-19.
  Funding: This project is supported by Aimomics (Shanghai) Intelligent

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Regrasp by Learning to Place</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08817">arxiv:2109.08817</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Shuo Cheng, Kaichun Mo, Lin Shao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we explore whether a robot can learn to regrasp a diverse set of objects to achieve various desired grasp poses. Regrasping is needed whenever a robot's current grasp pose fails to perform desired manipulation tasks. Endowing robots with such an ability has applications in many domains such as manufacturing or domestic services. Yet, it is a challenging task due to the large diversity of geometry in everyday objects and the high dimensionality of the state and action space. In this paper, we propose a system for robots to take partial point clouds of an object and the supporting environment as inputs and output a sequence of pick-and-place operations to transform an initial object grasp pose to the desired object grasp poses. The key technique includes a neural stable placement predictor and a regrasp graph-based solution through leveraging and changing the surrounding environment. We introduce a new and challenging synthetic dataset for learning and evaluating the proposed approach. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed system with both simulator and real-world experiments. More videos and visualization examples are available on our project webpage.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conversational Multi-Hop Reasoning with Neural Commonsense Knowledge and Symbolic Logic Rules</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08544">arxiv:2109.08544</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Forough Arabshahi, Jennifer Lee, Antoine Bosselut, Yejin Choi, Tom Mitchell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One of the challenges faced by conversational agents is their inability to identify unstated presumptions of their users' commands, a task trivial for humans due to their common sense. In this paper, we propose a zero-shot commonsense reasoning system for conversational agents in an attempt to achieve this. Our reasoner uncovers unstated presumptions from user commands satisfying a general template of if-(state), then-(action), because-(goal). Our reasoner uses a state-of-the-art transformer-based generative commonsense knowledge base (KB) as its source of background knowledge for reasoning. We propose a novel and iterative knowledge query mechanism to extract multi-hop reasoning chains from the neural KB which uses symbolic logic rules to significantly reduce the search space. Similar to any KBs gathered to date, our commonsense KB is prone to missing knowledge. Therefore, we propose to conversationally elicit the missing knowledge from human users with our novel dynamic question generation strategy, which generates and presents contextualized queries to human users. We evaluate the model with a user study with human users that achieves a 35% higher success rate compared to SOTA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multimodal Incremental Transformer with Visual Grounding for Visual Dialogue Generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08478">arxiv:2109.08478</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Feilong Chen, Fandong Meng, Xiuyi Chen, Peng Li, Jie Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual dialogue is a challenging task since it needs to answer a series of coherent questions on the basis of understanding the visual environment. Previous studies focus on the implicit exploration of multimodal co-reference by implicitly attending to spatial image features or object-level image features but neglect the importance of locating the objects explicitly in the visual content, which is associated with entities in the textual content. Therefore, in this paper we propose a {\bf M}ultimodal {\bf I}ncremental {\bf T}ransformer with {\bf V}isual {\bf G}rounding, named MITVG, which consists of two key parts: visual grounding and multimodal incremental transformer. Visual grounding aims to explicitly locate related objects in the image guided by textual entities, which helps the model exclude the visual content that does not need attention. On the basis of visual grounding, the multimodal incremental transformer encodes the multi-turn dialogue history combined with visual scene step by step according to the order of the dialogue and then generates a contextually and visually coherent response. Experimental results on the VisDial v0.9 and v1.0 datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model, which achieves comparable performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transformer-Unet: Raw Image Processing with Unet</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08417">arxiv:2109.08417</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Youyang Sha, Yonghong Zhang, Xuquan Ji, Lei Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Medical image segmentation have drawn massive attention as it is important in biomedical image analysis. Good segmentation results can assist doctors with their judgement and further improve patients' experience. Among many available pipelines in medical image analysis, Unet is one of the most popular neural networks as it keeps raw features by adding concatenation between encoder and decoder, which makes it still widely used in industrial field. In the mean time, as a popular model which dominates natural language process tasks, transformer is now introduced to computer vision tasks and have seen promising results in object detection, image classification and semantic segmentation tasks. Therefore, the combination of transformer and Unet is supposed to be more efficient than both methods working individually. In this article, we propose Transformer-Unet by adding transformer modules in raw images instead of feature maps in Unet and test our network in CT82 datasets for Pancreas segmentation accordingly. We form an end-to-end network and gain segmentation results better than many previous Unet based algorithms in our experiment. We demonstrate our network and show our experimental results in this paper accordingly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Small Lesion Segmentation in Brain MRIs with Subpixel Embedding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08791">arxiv:2109.08791</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Alex Wong, Allison Chen, Yangchao Wu, Safa Cicek, Alexandre Tiard, Byung-Woo Hong, Stefano Soatto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a method to segment MRI scans of the human brain into ischemic stroke lesion and normal tissues. We propose a neural network architecture in the form of a standard encoder-decoder where predictions are guided by a spatial expansion embedding network. Our embedding network learns features that can resolve detailed structures in the brain without the need for high-resolution training images, which are often unavailable and expensive to acquire. Alternatively, the encoder-decoder learns global structures by means of striding and max pooling. Our embedding network complements the encoder-decoder architecture by guiding the decoder with fine-grained details lost to spatial downsampling during the encoder stage. Unlike previous works, our decoder outputs at 2 times the input resolution, where a single pixel in the input resolution is predicted by four neighboring subpixels in our output. To obtain the output at the original scale, we propose a learnable downsampler (as opposed to hand-crafted ones e.g. bilinear) that combines subpixel predictions. Our approach improves the baseline architecture by approximately 11.7% and achieves the state of the art on the ATLAS public benchmark dataset with a smaller memory footprint and faster runtime than the best competing method. Our source code has been made available at: https://github.com/alexklwong/subpixel-embedding-segmentation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Relating Neural Text Degeneration to Exposure Bias</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08705">arxiv:2109.08705</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Ting-Rui Chiang, Yun-Nung Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work focuses on relating two mysteries in neural-based text generation: exposure bias, and text degeneration. Despite the long time since exposure bias was mentioned and the numerous studies for its remedy, to our knowledge, its impact on text generation has not yet been verified. Text degeneration is a problem that the widely-used pre-trained language model GPT-2 was recently found to suffer from (Holtzman et al., 2020). Motivated by the unknown causation of the text degeneration, in this paper we attempt to relate these two mysteries. Specifically, we first qualitatively quantitatively identify mistakes made before text degeneration occurs. Then we investigate the significance of the mistakes by inspecting the hidden states in GPT-2. Our results show that text degeneration is likely to be partly caused by exposure bias. We also study the self-reinforcing mechanism of text degeneration, explaining why the mistakes amplify. In sum, our study provides a more concrete foundation for further investigation on exposure bias and text degeneration problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RibSeg Dataset and Strong Point Cloud Baselines for Rib Segmentation from CT Scans</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09521">arxiv:2109.09521</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Jiancheng Yang, Shixuan Gu, Donglai Wei, Hanspeter Pfister, Bingbing Ni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Manual rib inspections in computed tomography (CT) scans are clinically critical but labor-intensive, as 24 ribs are typically elongated and oblique in 3D volumes. Automatic rib segmentation methods can speed up the process through rib measurement and visualization. However, prior arts mostly use in-house labeled datasets that are publicly unavailable and work on dense 3D volumes that are computationally inefficient. To address these issues, we develop a labeled rib segmentation benchmark, named \emph{RibSeg}, including 490 CT scans (11,719 individual ribs) from a public dataset. For ground truth generation, we used existing morphology-based algorithms and manually refined its results. Then, considering the sparsity of ribs in 3D volumes, we thresholded and sampled sparse voxels from the input and designed a point cloud-based baseline method for rib segmentation. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art segmentation performance (Dice~$\approx95\%$) with significant efficiency ($10\sim40\times$ faster than prior arts). The RibSeg dataset, code, and model in PyTorch are available at https://github.com/M3DV/RibSeg.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SaCoFa: Semantics-aware Control-flow Anonymization for Process Mining</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08501">arxiv:2109.08501</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Stephan A. Fahrenkrog-Petersen, Martin Kabierski, Fabian Rösel, Han van der Aa, Matthias Weidlich</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Privacy-preserving process mining enables the analysis of business processes using event logs, while giving guarantees on the protection of sensitive information on process stakeholders. To this end, existing approaches add noise to the results of queries that extract properties of an event log, such as the frequency distribution of trace variants, for analysis.Noise insertion neglects the semantics of the process, though, and may generate traces not present in the original log. This is problematic. It lowers the utility of the published data and makes noise easily identifiable, as some traces will violate well-known semantic constraints.In this paper, we therefore argue for privacy preservation that incorporates a process semantics. For common trace-variant queries, we show how, based on the exponential mechanism, semantic constraints are incorporated to ensure differential privacy of the query result. Experiments demonstrate that our semantics-aware anonymization yields event logs of significantly higher utility than existing approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CardiSort: a convolutional neural network for cross vendor automated sorting of cardiac MR images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08479">arxiv:2109.08479</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Ruth P Lim, Stefan Kachel, Adriana DM Villa, Leighton Kearney, Nuno Bettencourt, Alistair A Young, Amedeo Chiribiri, Cian M Scannell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Objectives: To develop an image-based automatic deep learning method to classify cardiac MR images by sequence type and imaging plane for improved clinical post-processing efficiency. Methods: Multi-vendor cardiac MRI studies were retrospectively collected from 4 centres and 3 vendors. A two-head convolutional neural network ('CardiSort') was trained to classify 35 sequences by imaging sequence (n=17) and plane (n=10). Single vendor training (SVT) on single centre images (n=234 patients) and multi-vendor training (MVT) with multicentre images (n = 479 patients, 3 centres) was performed. Model accuracy was compared to manual ground truth labels by an expert radiologist on a hold-out test set for both SVT and MVT. External validation of MVT (MVTexternal) was performed on data from 3 previously unseen magnet systems from 2 vendors (n=80 patients). Results: High sequence and plane accuracies were observed for SVT (85.2% and 93.2% respectively), and MVT (96.5% and 98.1% respectively) on the hold-out test set. MVTexternal yielded sequence accuracy of 92.7% and plane accuracy of 93.0%. There was high accuracy for common sequences and conventional cardiac planes. Poor accuracy was observed for underrepresented classes and sequences where there was greater variability in acquisition parameters across centres, such as perfusion imaging. Conclusions: A deep learning network was developed on multivendor data to classify MRI studies into component sequences and planes, with external validation. With refinement, it has potential to improve workflow by enabling automated sequence selection, an important first step in completely automated post-processing pipelines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distilling Linguistic Context for Language Model Compression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08359">arxiv:2109.08359</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Geondo Park, Gyeongman Kim, Eunho Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A computationally expensive and memory intensive neural network lies behind the recent success of language representation learning. Knowledge distillation, a major technique for deploying such a vast language model in resource-scarce environments, transfers the knowledge on individual word representations learned without restrictions. In this paper, inspired by the recent observations that language representations are relatively positioned and have more semantic knowledge as a whole, we present a new knowledge distillation objective for language representation learning that transfers the contextual knowledge via two types of relationships across representations: Word Relation and Layer Transforming Relation. Unlike other recent distillation techniques for the language models, our contextual distillation does not have any restrictions on architectural changes between teacher and student. We validate the effectiveness of our method on challenging benchmarks of language understanding tasks, not only in architectures of various sizes, but also in combination with DynaBERT, the recently proposed adaptive size pruning method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Primary Tumor and Inter-Organ Augmentations for Supervised Lymph Node Colon Adenocarcinoma Metastasis Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09518">arxiv:2109.09518</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Apostolia Tsirikoglou, Karin Stacke, Gabriel Eilertsen, Jonas Unger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The scarcity of labeled data is a major bottleneck for developing accurate and robust deep learning-based models for histopathology applications. The problem is notably prominent for the task of metastasis detection in lymph nodes, due to the tissue's low tumor-to-non-tumor ratio, resulting in labor- and time-intensive annotation processes for the pathologists. This work explores alternatives on how to augment the training data for colon carcinoma metastasis detection when there is limited or no representation of the target domain. Through an exhaustive study of cross-validated experiments with limited training data availability, we evaluate both an inter-organ approach utilizing already available data for other tissues, and an intra-organ approach, utilizing the primary tumor. Both these approaches result in little to no extra annotation effort. Our results show that these data augmentation strategies can be an efficient way of increasing accuracy on metastasis detection, but fore-most increase robustness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Zero and Few-shot Knowledge-seeking Turn Detection in Task-orientated Dialogue Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08820">arxiv:2109.08820</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Di Jin, Shuyang Gao, Seokhwan Kim, Yang Liu, Dilek Hakkani-Tur</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most prior work on task-oriented dialogue systems is restricted to supporting domain APIs. However, users may have requests that are out of the scope of these APIs. This work focuses on identifying such user requests. Existing methods for this task mainly rely on fine-tuning pre-trained models on large annotated data. We propose a novel method, REDE, based on adaptive representation learning and density estimation. REDE can be applied to zero-shot cases, and quickly learns a high-performing detector with only a few shots by updating less than 3K parameters. We demonstrate REDE's competitive performance on DSTC9 data and our newly collected test set.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Probabilistic Inference of Simulation Parameters via Parallel Differentiable Simulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08815">arxiv:2109.08815</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Eric Heiden, Christopher E. Denniston, David Millard, Fabio Ramos, Gaurav S. Sukhatme</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To accurately reproduce measurements from the real world, simulators need to have an adequate model of the physical system and require the parameters of the model be identified.
  We address the latter problem of estimating parameters through a Bayesian inference approach that approximates a posterior distribution over simulation parameters given real sensor measurements. By extending the commonly used Gaussian likelihood model for trajectories via the multiple-shooting formulation, our chosen particle-based inference algorithm Stein Variational Gradient Descent is able to identify highly nonlinear, underactuated systems. We leverage GPU code generation and differentiable simulation to evaluate the likelihood and its gradient for many particles in parallel.
  Our algorithm infers non-parametric distributions over simulation parameters more accurately than comparable baselines and handles constraints over parameters efficiently through gradient-based optimization. We evaluate estimation performance on several physical experiments. On an underactuated mechanism where a 7-DOF robot arm excites an object with an unknown mass configuration, we demonstrate how our inference technique can identify symmetries between the parameters and provide highly accurate predictions.
  Project website: https://uscresl.github.io/prob-diff-sim

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Structured Pattern Pruning Using Regularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08814">arxiv:2109.08814</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dongjun Park, Geung-Hee Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Iterative Magnitude Pruning (IMP) is a network pruning method that repeats the process of removing weights with the least magnitudes and retraining the model. When visualizing the weight matrices of language models pruned by IMP, previous research has shown that a structured pattern emerges, wherein the resulting surviving weights tend to prominently cluster in a select few rows and columns of the matrix. Though the need for further research in utilizing these structured patterns for potential performance gains has previously been indicated, it has yet to be thoroughly studied. We propose SPUR (Structured Pattern pruning Using Regularization), a novel pruning mechanism that preemptively induces structured patterns in compression by adding a regularization term to the objective function in the IMP. Our results show that SPUR can significantly preserve model performance under high sparsity settings regardless of the language or the task. Our contributions are as follows: (i) We propose SPUR, a network pruning mechanism that improves upon IMP regardless of the language or the task. (ii) We are the first to empirically verify the efficacy of "structured patterns" observed previously in pruning research. (iii) SPUR is a resource-efficient mechanism in that it does not require significant additional computations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BERT-Beta: A Proactive Probabilistic Approach to Text Moderation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08805">arxiv:2109.08805</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Fei Tan, Yifan Hu, Kevin Yen, Changwei Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Text moderation for user generated content, which helps to promote healthy interaction among users, has been widely studied and many machine learning models have been proposed. In this work, we explore an alternative perspective by augmenting reactive reviews with proactive forecasting. Specifically, we propose a new concept {\it text toxicity propensity} to characterize the extent to which a text tends to attract toxic comments. Beta regression is then introduced to do the probabilistic modeling, which is demonstrated to function well in comprehensive experiments. We also propose an explanation method to communicate the model decision clearly. Both propensity scoring and interpretation benefit text moderation in a novel manner. Finally, the proposed scaling mechanism for the linear model offers useful insights beyond this work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ChipQA: No-Reference Video Quality Prediction via Space-Time Chips</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08726">arxiv:2109.08726</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Joshua P. Ebenezer, Zaixi Shang, Yongjun Wu, Hai Wei, Sriram Sethuraman, Alan C. Bovik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new model for no-reference video quality assessment (VQA). Our approach uses a new idea of highly-localized space-time (ST) slices called Space-Time Chips (ST Chips). ST Chips are localized cuts of video data along directions that \textit{implicitly} capture motion. We use perceptually-motivated bandpass and normalization models to first process the video data, and then select oriented ST Chips based on how closely they fit parametric models of natural video statistics. We show that the parameters that describe these statistics can be used to reliably predict the quality of videos, without the need for a reference video. The proposed method implicitly models ST video naturalness, and deviations from naturalness. We train and test our model on several large VQA databases, and show that our model achieves state-of-the-art performance at reduced cost, without requiring motion computation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Back-translation for Large-Scale Multilingual Machine Translation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08712">arxiv:2109.08712</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Baohao Liao, Shahram Khadivi, Sanjika Hewavitharana</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper illustrates our approach to the shared task on large-scale multilingual machine translation in the sixth conference on machine translation (WMT-21). This work aims to build a single multilingual translation system with a hypothesis that a universal cross-language representation leads to better multilingual translation performance. We extend the exploration of different back-translation methods from bilingual translation to multilingual translation. Better performance is obtained by the constrained sampling method, which is different from the finding of the bilingual translation. Besides, we also explore the effect of vocabularies and the amount of synthetic data. Surprisingly, the smaller size of vocabularies perform better, and the extensive monolingual English data offers a modest improvement. We submitted to both the small tasks and achieved the second place.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Supervised Neural Architecture Search for Imbalanced Datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08580">arxiv:2109.08580</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Aleksandr Timofeev, Grigorios G. Chrysos, Volkan Cevher</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural Architecture Search (NAS) provides state-of-the-art results when trained on well-curated datasets with annotated labels. However, annotating data or even having balanced number of samples can be a luxury for practitioners from different scientific fields, e.g., in the medical domain. To that end, we propose a NAS-based framework that bears the threefold contributions: (a) we focus on the self-supervised scenario, i.e., where no labels are required to determine the architecture, and (b) we assume the datasets are imbalanced, (c) we design each component to be able to run on a resource constrained setup, i.e., on a single GPU (e.g. Google Colab). Our components build on top of recent developments in self-supervised learning~\citep{zbontar2021barlow}, self-supervised NAS~\citep{kaplan2020self} and extend them for the case of imbalanced datasets. We conduct experiments on an (artificially) imbalanced version of CIFAR-10 and we demonstrate our proposed method outperforms standard neural networks, while using $27\times$ less parameters. To validate our assumption on a naturally imbalanced dataset, we also conduct experiments on ChestMNIST and COVID-19 X-ray. The results demonstrate how the proposed method can be used in imbalanced datasets, while it can be fully run on a single GPU. Code is available \href{https://github.com/TimofeevAlex/ssnas_imbalanced}{here}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>New Students on Sesame Street: What Order-Aware Matrix Embeddings Can Learn from BERT</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08449">arxiv:2109.08449</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lukas Galke, Isabelle Cuber, Christoph Meyer, Henrik Ferdinand Nölscher, Angelina Sonderecker, Ansgar Scherp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large-scale pretrained language models (PreLMs) are revolutionizing natural language processing across all benchmarks. However, their sheer size is prohibitive in low-resource or large-scale applications. While common approaches reduce the size of PreLMs via same-architecture distillation or pruning, we explore distilling PreLMs into more efficient order-aware embedding models. Our results on the GLUE benchmark show that embedding-centric students, which have learned from BERT, yield scores comparable to DistilBERT on QQP and RTE, often match or exceed the scores of ELMo, and only fall behind on detecting linguistic acceptability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalized Funnelling: Ensemble Learning and Heterogeneous Document Embeddings for Cross-Lingual Text Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.14764">arxiv:2110.14764</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Alejandro Moreo, Andrea Pedrotti, Fabrizio Sebastiani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** \emph{Funnelling} (Fun) is a recently proposed method for cross-lingual text classification (CLTC) based on a two-tier learning ensemble for heterogeneous transfer learning (HTL). In this ensemble method, 1st-tier classifiers, each working on a different and language-dependent feature space, return a vector of calibrated posterior probabilities (with one dimension for each class) for each document, and the final classification decision is taken by a metaclassifier that uses this vector as its input. The metaclassifier can thus exploit class-class correlations, and this (among other things) gives Fun an edge over CLTC systems in which these correlations cannot be brought to bear. In this paper we describe \emph{Generalized Funnelling} (gFun), a generalization of Fun consisting of an HTL architecture in which 1st-tier components can be arbitrary \emph{view-generating functions}, i.e., language-dependent functions that each produce a language-independent representation ("view") of the document. We describe an instance of gFun in which the metaclassifier receives as input a vector of calibrated posterior probabilities (as in Fun) aggregated to other embedded representations that embody other types of correlations, such as word-class correlations (as encoded by \emph{Word-Class Embeddings}), word-word correlations (as encoded by \emph{Multilingual Unsupervised or Supervised Embeddings}), and word-context correlations (as encoded by \emph{multilingual BERT}). We show that this instance of \textsc{gFun} substantially improves over Fun and over state-of-the-art baselines, by reporting experimental results obtained on two large, standard datasets for multilingual multilabel text classification. Our code that implements gFun is publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Robust and Efficient Multi-Scale Seasonal-Trend Decomposition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08800">arxiv:2109.08800</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Linxiao Yang, Qingsong Wen, Bo Yang, Liang Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many real-world time series exhibit multiple seasonality with different lengths. The removal of seasonal components is crucial in numerous applications of time series, including forecasting and anomaly detection. However, many seasonal-trend decomposition algorithms suffer from high computational cost and require a large amount of data when multiple seasonal components exist, especially when the periodic length is long. In this paper, we propose a general and efficient multi-scale seasonal-trend decomposition algorithm for time series with multiple seasonality. We first down-sample the original time series onto a lower resolution, and then convert it to a time series with single seasonality. Thus, existing seasonal-trend decomposition algorithms can be applied directly to obtain the rough estimates of trend and the seasonal component corresponding to the longer periodic length. By considering the relationship between different resolutions, we formulate the recovery of different components on the high resolution as an optimization problem, which is solved efficiently by our alternative direction multiplier method (ADMM) based algorithm. Our experimental results demonstrate the accurate decomposition results with significantly improved efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Asymmetric 3D Context Fusion for Universal Lesion Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08684">arxiv:2109.08684</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jiancheng Yang, Yi He, Kaiming Kuang, Zudi Lin, Hanspeter Pfister, Bingbing Ni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modeling 3D context is essential for high-performance 3D medical image analysis. Although 2D networks benefit from large-scale 2D supervised pretraining, it is weak in capturing 3D context. 3D networks are strong in 3D context yet lack supervised pretraining. As an emerging technique, \emph{3D context fusion operator}, which enables conversion from 2D pretrained networks, leverages the advantages of both and has achieved great success. Existing 3D context fusion operators are designed to be spatially symmetric, i.e., performing identical operations on each 2D slice like convolutions. However, these operators are not truly equivariant to translation, especially when only a few 3D slices are used as inputs. In this paper, we propose a novel asymmetric 3D context fusion operator (A3D), which uses different weights to fuse 3D context from different 2D slices. Notably, A3D is NOT translation-equivariant while it significantly outperforms existing symmetric context fusion operators without introducing large computational overhead. We validate the effectiveness of the proposed method by extensive experiments on DeepLesion benchmark, a large-scale public dataset for universal lesion detection from computed tomography (CT). The proposed A3D consistently outperforms symmetric context fusion operators by considerable margins, and establishes a new \emph{state of the art} on DeepLesion. To facilitate open research, our code and model in PyTorch are available at https://github.com/M3DV/AlignShift.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Realistic PointGoal Navigation via Auxiliary Losses and Information Bottleneck</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08677">arxiv:2109.08677</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Guillermo Grande, Dhruv Batra, Erik Wijmans</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel architecture and training paradigm for training realistic PointGoal Navigation -- navigating to a target coordinate in an unseen environment under actuation and sensor noise without access to ground-truth localization. Specifically, we find that the primary challenge under this setting is learning localization -- when stripped of idealized localization, agents fail to stop precisely at the goal despite reliably making progress towards it. To address this we introduce a set of auxiliary losses to help the agent learn localization. Further, we explore the idea of treating the precise location of the agent as privileged information -- it is unavailable during test time, however, it is available during training time in simulation. We grant the agent restricted access to ground-truth localization readings during training via an information bottleneck. Under this setting, the agent incurs a penalty for using this privileged information, encouraging the agent to only leverage this information when it is crucial to learning. This enables the agent to first learn navigation and then learn localization instead of conflating these two objectives in training. We evaluate our proposed method both in a semi-idealized (noiseless simulation without Compass+GPS) and realistic (addition of noisy simulation) settings. Specifically, our method outperforms existing baselines on the semi-idealized setting by 18\%/21\% SPL/Success and by 15\%/20\% SPL in the realistic setting. Our improved Success and SPL metrics indicate our agent's improved ability to accurately self-localize while maintaining a strong navigation policy. Our implementation can be found at https://github.com/NicoGrande/habitat-pointnav-via-ib.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Autonomous Vision-based UAV Landing with Collision Avoidance using Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08628">arxiv:2109.08628</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tianpei Liao, Amal Haridevan, Yibo Liu, Jinjun Shan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is a risk of collision when multiple UAVs land simultaneously without communication on the same platform. This work accomplishes vision-based autonomous landing and uses a deep-learning-based method to realize collision avoidance during the landing process.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A review of deep learning methods for MRI reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08618">arxiv:2109.08618</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Arghya Pal, Yogesh Rathi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Following the success of deep learning in a wide range of applications, neural network-based machine-learning techniques have received significant interest for accelerating magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) acquisition and reconstruction strategies. A number of ideas inspired by deep learning techniques for computer vision and image processing have been successfully applied to nonlinear image reconstruction in the spirit of compressed sensing for accelerated MRI. Given the rapidly growing nature of the field, it is imperative to consolidate and summarize the large number of deep learning methods that have been reported in the literature, to obtain a better understanding of the field in general. This article provides an overview of the recent developments in neural-network based approaches that have been proposed specifically for improving parallel imaging. A general background and introduction to parallel MRI is also given from a classical view of k-space based reconstruction methods. Image domain based techniques that introduce improved regularizers are covered along with k-space based methods which focus on better interpolation strategies using neural networks. While the field is rapidly evolving with thousands of papers published each year, in this review, we attempt to cover broad categories of methods that have shown good performance on publicly available data sets. Limitations and open problems are also discussed and recent efforts for producing open data sets and benchmarks for the community are examined.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hierarchy-Aware T5 with Path-Adaptive Mask Mechanism for Hierarchical Text Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08585">arxiv:2109.08585</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Wei Huang, Chen Liu, Yihua Zhao, Xinyun Yang, Zhaoming Pan, Zhimin Zhang, Guiquan Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hierarchical Text Classification (HTC), which aims to predict text labels organized in hierarchical space, is a significant task lacking in investigation in natural language processing. Existing methods usually encode the entire hierarchical structure and fail to construct a robust label-dependent model, making it hard to make accurate predictions on sparse lower-level labels and achieving low Macro-F1. In this paper, we propose a novel PAMM-HiA-T5 model for HTC: a hierarchy-aware T5 model with path-adaptive mask mechanism that not only builds the knowledge of upper-level labels into low-level ones but also introduces path dependency information in label prediction. Specifically, we generate a multi-level sequential label structure to exploit hierarchical dependency across different levels with Breadth-First Search (BFS) and T5 model. To further improve label dependency prediction within each path, we then propose an original path-adaptive mask mechanism (PAMM) to identify the label's path information, eliminating sources of noises from other paths. Comprehensive experiments on three benchmark datasets show that our novel PAMM-HiA-T5 model greatly outperforms all state-of-the-art HTC approaches especially in Macro-F1. The ablation studies show that the improvements mainly come from our innovative approach instead of T5.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Slot Filling for Biomedical Information Extraction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08564">arxiv:2109.08564</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yannis Papanikolaou, Francine Bennett</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Information Extraction (IE) from text refers to the task of extracting structured knowledge from unstructured text. The task typically consists of a series of sub-tasks such as Named Entity Recognition and Relation Extraction. Sourcing entity and relation type specific training data is a major bottleneck in the above sub-tasks.In this work we present a slot filling approach to the task of biomedical IE, effectively replacing the need for entity and relation-specific training data, allowing to deal with zero-shot settings. We follow the recently proposed paradigm of coupling a Tranformer-based bi-encoder, Dense Passage Retrieval, with a Transformer-based reader model to extract relations from biomedical text. We assemble a biomedical slot filling dataset for both retrieval and reading comprehension and conduct a series of experiments demonstrating that our approach outperforms a number of simpler baselines. We also evaluate our approach end-to-end for standard as well as zero-shot settings. Our work provides a fresh perspective on how to solve biomedical IE tasks, in the absence of relevant training data. Our code, models and pretrained data are available at https://github.com/healx/biomed-slot-filling.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>What we see and What we don't see: Imputing Occluded Crowd Structures from Robot Sensing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08494">arxiv:2109.08494</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Javad Amirian, Jean-Bernard Hayet, Julien Pettre</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the navigation of mobile robots in crowded environments, for which onboard sensing of the crowd is typically limited by occlusions. We address the problem of inferring the human occupancy in the space around the robot, in blind spots, beyond the range of its sensing capabilities. This problem is rather unexplored in spite of the important impact it has on the robot crowd navigation efficiency and safety, which requires the estimation and the prediction of the crowd state around it. In this work, we propose the first solution to sample predictions of possible human presence based on the state of a fewer set of sensed people around the robot as well as previous observations of the crowd activity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Integrating Deep Reinforcement and Supervised Learning to Expedite Indoor Mapping</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08490">arxiv:2109.08490</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Elchanan Zwecher, Eran Iceland, Sean R. Levy, Shmuel Y. Hayoun, Oren Gal, Ariel Barel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The challenge of mapping indoor environments is addressed. Typical heuristic algorithms for solving the motion planning problem are frontier-based methods, that are especially effective when the environment is completely unknown. However, in cases where prior statistical data on the environment's architectonic features is available, such algorithms can be far from optimal. Furthermore, their calculation time may increase substantially as more areas are exposed. In this paper we propose two means by which to overcome these shortcomings. One is the use of deep reinforcement learning to train the motion planner. The second is the inclusion of a pre-trained generative deep neural network, acting as a map predictor. Each one helps to improve the decision making through use of the learned structural statistics of the environment, and both, being realized as neural networks, ensure a constant calculation time. We show that combining the two methods can shorten the mapping time, compared to frontier-based motion planning, by up to 75%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GoG: Relation-aware Graph-over-Graph Network for Visual Dialog</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08475">arxiv:2109.08475</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Feilong Chen, Xiuyi Chen, Fandong Meng, Peng Li, Jie Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual dialog, which aims to hold a meaningful conversation with humans about a given image, is a challenging task that requires models to reason the complex dependencies among visual content, dialog history, and current questions. Graph neural networks are recently applied to model the implicit relations between objects in an image or dialog. However, they neglect the importance of 1) coreference relations among dialog history and dependency relations between words for the question representation; and 2) the representation of the image based on the fully represented question. Therefore, we propose a novel relation-aware graph-over-graph network (GoG) for visual dialog. Specifically, GoG consists of three sequential graphs: 1) H-Graph, which aims to capture coreference relations among dialog history; 2) History-aware Q-Graph, which aims to fully understand the question through capturing dependency relations between words based on coreference resolution on the dialog history; and 3) Question-aware I-Graph, which aims to capture the relations between objects in an image based on fully question representation. As an additional feature representation module, we add GoG to the existing visual dialogue model. Experimental results show that our model outperforms the strong baseline in both generative and discriminative settings by a significant margin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dual-Encoder Architecture with Encoder Selection for Joint Close-Talk and Far-Talk Speech Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08744">arxiv:2109.08744</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Felix Weninger, Marco Gaudesi, Ralf Leibold, Roberto Gemello, Puming Zhan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a dual-encoder ASR architecture for joint modeling of close-talk (CT) and far-talk (FT) speech, in order to combine the advantages of CT and FT devices for better accuracy. The key idea is to add an encoder selection network to choose the optimal input source (CT or FT) and the corresponding encoder. We use a single-channel encoder for CT speech and a multi-channel encoder with Spatial Filtering neural beamforming for FT speech, which are jointly trained with the encoder selection. We validate our approach on both attention-based and RNN Transducer end-to-end ASR systems. The experiments are done with conversational speech from a medical use case, which is recorded simultaneously with a CT device and a microphone array. Our results show that the proposed dual-encoder architecture obtains up to 9% relative WER reduction when using both CT and FT input, compared to the best single-encoder system trained and tested in matched condition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analyzing the Habitable Zones of Circumbinary Planets Using Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08735">arxiv:2109.08735</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhihui Kong, Jonathan H. Jiang, Remo Burn, Kristen A. Fahy, Zonghong Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Exoplanet detection in the past decade by efforts including NASA's Kepler and TESS missions has discovered many worlds that differ substantially from planets in our own Solar System, including more than 150 exoplanets orbiting binary or multi-star systems. This not only broadens our understanding of the diversity of exoplanets, but also promotes our study of exoplanets in the complex binary systems and provides motivation to explore their habitability. In this study, we investigate the Habitable Zones of circumbinary planets based on planetary trajectory and dynamically informed habitable zones. Our results indicate that the mass ratio and orbital eccentricity of binary stars are important factors affecting the orbital stability and habitability of planetary systems. Moreover, planetary trajectory and dynamically informed habitable zones divide planetary habitability into three categories: habitable, part-habitable and uninhabitable. Therefore, we train a machine learning model to quickly and efficiently classify these planetary systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Proteome-informed machine learning studies of cocaine addiction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08718">arxiv:2109.08718</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kaifu Gao, Dong Chen, Alfred J Robison, Guo-Wei Wei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cocaine addiction accounts for a large portion of substance use disorders and threatens millions of lives worldwide. There is an urgent need to come up with efficient anti-cocaine addiction drugs. Unfortunately, no medications have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), despite the extensive effort in the past few decades. The main challenge is the intricate molecular mechanisms of cocaine addiction, involving synergistic interactions among proteins upstream and downstream of dopamine transporter (DAT) functions impacted by cocaine. However, traditional in vivo or in vitro experiments can not address the roles of so many proteins, highlighting the need for innovative strategies in the field. We propose a proteome-informed machine learning/deep learning (ML/DL) platform to discover nearly optimal anti-cocaine addiction lead compounds. We construct and analyze proteomic protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks for cocaine dependence to identify 141 involved drug targets and represent over 60,000 associated drug candidates or experimental drugs in the latent space using an autoencoder (EA) model trained from over 104 million molecules. We build 32 ML models for cross-target analysis of these drug candidates for side effects and repurposing potential. We further screen the absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and toxicity (ADMET) properties of these candidates. Our platform reveals that essentially all of the existing drug candidates, including dozens of experimental drugs, fail to pass our cross-target and ADMET screenings. Nonetheless, we have identified two nearly optimal leads for further optimization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Sparse Graph with Minimax Concave Penalty under Gaussian Markov Random Fields</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08666">arxiv:2109.08666</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Tatsuya Koyakumaru, Masahiro Yukawa, Eduardo Pavez, Antonio Ortega</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents a convex-analytic framework to learn sparse graphs from data. While our problem formulation is inspired by an extension of the graphical lasso using the so-called combinatorial graph Laplacian framework, a key difference is the use of a nonconvex alternative to the $\ell_1$ norm to attain graphs with better interpretability. Specifically, we use the weakly-convex minimax concave penalty (the difference between the $\ell_1$ norm and the Huber function) which is known to yield sparse solutions with lower estimation bias than $\ell_1$ for regression problems. In our framework, the graph Laplacian is replaced in the optimization by a linear transform of the vector corresponding to its upper triangular part. Via a reformulation relying on Moreau's decomposition, we show that overall convexity is guaranteed by introducing a quadratic function to our cost function. The problem can be solved efficiently by the primal-dual splitting method, of which the admissible conditions for provable convergence are presented. Numerical examples show that the proposed method significantly outperforms the existing graph learning methods with reasonable CPU time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Active Learning for the Optimal Design of Multinomial Classification in Physics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08612">arxiv:2109.08612</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yongcheng Ding, José D. Martín-Guerrero, Yujing Song, Rafael Magdalena-Benedito, Xi Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Optimal design for model training is a critical topic in machine learning. Active Learning aims at obtaining improved models by querying samples with maximum uncertainty according to the estimation model for artificially labeling; this has the additional advantage of achieving successful performances with a reduced number of labeled samples. We analyze its capability as an assistant for the design of experiments, extracting maximum information for learning with the minimal cost in fidelity loss, or reducing total operation costs of labeling in the laboratory. We present two typical applications as quantum information retrieval in qutrits and phase boundary prediction in many-body physics. For an equivalent multinomial classification problem, we achieve the correct rate of 99% with less than 2% samples labeled. We reckon that active-learning-inspired physics experiments will remarkably save budget without loss of accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Boosting Transformers for Job Expression Extraction and Classification in a Low-Resource Setting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08597">arxiv:2109.08597</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Lukas Lange, Heike Adel, Jannik Strötgen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we explore possible improvements of transformer models in a low-resource setting. In particular, we present our approaches to tackle the first two of three subtasks of the MEDDOPROF competition, i.e., the extraction and classification of job expressions in Spanish clinical texts. As neither language nor domain experts, we experiment with the multilingual XLM-R transformer model and tackle these low-resource information extraction tasks as sequence-labeling problems. We explore domain- and language-adaptive pretraining, transfer learning and strategic datasplits to boost the transformer model. Our results show strong improvements using these methods by up to 5.3 F1 points compared to a fine-tuned XLM-R model. Our best models achieve 83.2 and 79.3 F1 for the first two tasks, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Context-aware Retail Product Recommendation with Regularized Gradient Boosting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08561">arxiv:2109.08561</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sourya Dipta Das, Ayan Basak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the FARFETCH Fashion Recommendation challenge, the participants needed to predict the order in which various products would be shown to a user in a recommendation impression. The data was provided in two phases - a validation phase and a test phase. The validation phase had a labelled training set that contained a binary column indicating whether a product has been clicked or not. The dataset comprises over 5,000,000 recommendation events, 450,000 products and 230,000 unique users. It represents real, unbiased, but anonymised, interactions of actual users of the FARFETCH platform. The final evaluation was done according to the performance in the second phase. A total of 167 participants participated in the challenge, and we secured the 6th rank during the final evaluation with an MRR of 0.4658 on the test set. We have designed a unique context-aware system that takes the similarity of a product to the user context into account to rank products more effectively. Post evaluation, we have been able to fine-tune our approach with an MRR of 0.4784 on the test set, which would have placed us at the 3rd position.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scheduling in Parallel Finite Buffer Systems: Optimal Decisions under Delayed Feedback</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08548">arxiv:2109.08548</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Anam Tahir, Bastian Alt, Amr Rizk, Heinz Koeppl</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Scheduling decisions in parallel queuing systems arise as a fundamental problem, underlying the dimensioning and operation of many computing and communication systems, such as job routing in data center clusters, multipath communication, and Big Data systems. In essence, the scheduler maps each arriving job to one of the possibly heterogeneous servers while aiming at an optimization goal such as load balancing, low average delay or low loss rate. One main difficulty in finding optimal scheduling decisions here is that the scheduler only partially observes the impact of its decisions, e.g., through the delayed acknowledgements of the served jobs. In this paper, we provide a partially observable (PO) model that captures the scheduling decisions in parallel queuing systems under limited information of delayed acknowledgements. We present a simulation model for this PO system to find a near-optimal scheduling policy in real-time using a scalable Monte Carlo tree search algorithm. We numerically show that the resulting policy outperforms other limited information scheduling strategies such as variants of Join-the-Most-Observations and has comparable performance to full information strategies like: Join-the-Shortest-Queue, Join-the- Shortest-Queue(d) and Shortest-Expected-Delay. Finally, we show how our approach can optimise the real-time parallel processing by using network data provided by Kaggle.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decentralized Global Connectivity Maintenance for Multi-Robot Navigation: A Reinforcement Learning Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08536">arxiv:2109.08536</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Minghao Li, Yingrui Jie, Yang Kong, Hui Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The problem of multi-robot navigation of connectivity maintenance is challenging in multi-robot applications. This work investigates how to navigate a multi-robot team in unknown environments while maintaining connectivity. We propose a reinforcement learning (RL) approach to develop a decentralized policy, which is shared among multiple robots. Given range sensor measurements and the positions of other robots, the policy aims to generate control commands for navigation and preserve the global connectivity of the robot team. We incorporate connectivity concerns into the RL framework as constraints and introduce behavior cloning to reduce the exploration complexity of policy optimization. The policy is optimized with all transition data collected by multiple robots in random simulated scenarios. We validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing different combinations of connectivity constraints and behavior cloning. We also show that our policy can generalize to unseen scenarios in both simulation and holonomic robots experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Soft Actor-Critic With Integer Actions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08512">arxiv:2109.08512</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ting-Han Fan, Yubo Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning is well-studied under discrete actions. Integer actions setting is popular in the industry yet still challenging due to its high dimensionality. To this end, we study reinforcement learning under integer actions by incorporating the Soft Actor-Critic (SAC) algorithm with an integer reparameterization. Our key observation for integer actions is that their discrete structure can be simplified using their comparability property. Hence, the proposed integer reparameterization does not need one-hot encoding and is of low dimensionality. Experiments show that the proposed SAC under integer actions is as good as the continuous action version on robot control tasks and outperforms Proximal Policy Optimization on power distribution systems control tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Carl-Lead: Lidar-based End-to-End Autonomous Driving with Contrastive Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08473">arxiv:2109.08473</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Peide Cai, Sukai Wang, Hengli Wang, Ming Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autonomous driving in urban crowds at unregulated intersections is challenging, where dynamic occlusions and uncertain behaviors of other vehicles should be carefully considered. Traditional methods are heuristic and based on hand-engineered rules and parameters, but scale poorly in new situations. Therefore, they require high labor cost to design and maintain rules in all foreseeable scenarios. Recently, deep reinforcement learning (DRL) has shown promising results in urban driving scenarios. However, DRL is known to be sample inefficient, and most previous works assume perfect observations such as ground-truth locations and motions of vehicles without considering noises and occlusions, which might be a too strong assumption for policy deployment. In this work, we use DRL to train lidar-based end-to-end driving policies that naturally consider imperfect partial observations. We further use unsupervised contrastive representation learning as an auxiliary task to improve the sample efficiency. The comparative evaluation results reveal that our method achieves higher success rates than the state-of-the-art (SOTA) lidar-based end-to-end driving network, better trades off safety and efficiency than the carefully tuned rule-based method, and generalizes better to new scenarios than the baselines. Demo videos are available at https://caipeide.github.io/carl-lead/.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Online Learning of Network Bottlenecks via Minimax Paths</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08467">arxiv:2109.08467</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Niklas Åkerblom, Fazeleh Sadat Hoseini, Morteza Haghir Chehreghani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we study bottleneck identification in networks via extracting minimax paths. Many real-world networks have stochastic weights for which full knowledge is not available in advance. Therefore, we model this task as a combinatorial semi-bandit problem to which we apply a combinatorial version of Thompson Sampling and establish an upper bound on the corresponding Bayesian regret. Due to the computational intractability of the problem, we then devise an alternative problem formulation which approximates the original objective. Finally, we experimentally evaluate the performance of Thompson Sampling with the approximate formulation on real-world directed and undirected networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross Modification Attention Based Deliberation Model for Image Captioning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08411">arxiv:2109.08411</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zheng Lian, Yanan Zhang, Haichang Li, Rui Wang, Xiaohui Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The conventional encoder-decoder framework for image captioning generally adopts a single-pass decoding process, which predicts the target descriptive sentence word by word in temporal order. Despite the great success of this framework, it still suffers from two serious disadvantages. Firstly, it is unable to correct the mistakes in the predicted words, which may mislead the subsequent prediction and result in error accumulation problem. Secondly, such a framework can only leverage the already generated words but not the possible future words, and thus lacks the ability of global planning on linguistic information. To overcome these limitations, we explore a universal two-pass decoding framework, where a single-pass decoding based model serving as the Drafting Model first generates a draft caption according to an input image, and a Deliberation Model then performs the polishing process to refine the draft caption to a better image description. Furthermore, inspired from the complementarity between different modalities, we propose a novel Cross Modification Attention (CMA) module to enhance the semantic expression of the image features and filter out error information from the draft captions. We integrate CMA with the decoder of our Deliberation Model and name it as Cross Modification Attention based Deliberation Model (CMA-DM). We train our proposed framework by jointly optimizing all trainable components from scratch with a trade-off coefficient. Experiments on MS COCO dataset demonstrate that our approach obtains significant improvements over single-pass decoding baselines and achieves competitive performances compared with other state-of-the-art two-pass decoding based methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semantic Snapping for Guided Multi-View Visualization Design</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08384">arxiv:2109.08384</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yngve S. Kristiansen, Laura Garrison, Stefan Bruckner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual information displays are typically composed of multiple visualizations that are used to facilitate an understanding of the underlying data. A common example are dashboards, which are frequently used in domains such as finance, process monitoring and business intelligence. However, users may not be aware of existing guidelines and lack expert design knowledge when composing such multi-view visualizations. In this paper, we present semantic snapping, an approach to help non-expert users design effective multi-view visualizations from sets of pre-existing views. When a particular view is placed on a canvas, it is "aligned" with the remaining views -- not with respect to its geometric layout, but based on aspects of the visual encoding itself, such as how data dimensions are mapped to channels. Our method uses an on-the-fly procedure to detect and suggest resolutions for conflicting, misleading, or ambiguous designs, as well as to provide suggestions for alternative presentations. With this approach, users can be guided to avoid common pitfalls encountered when composing visualizations. Our provided examples and case studies demonstrate the usefulness and validity of our approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamic Spatiotemporal Graph Convolutional Neural Networks for Traffic Data Imputation with Complex Missing Patterns</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08357">arxiv:2109.08357</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yuebing Liang, Zhan Zhao, Lijun Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Missing data is an inevitable and ubiquitous problem for traffic data collection in intelligent transportation systems. Despite extensive research regarding traffic data imputation, there still exist two limitations to be addressed: first, existing approaches fail to capture the complex spatiotemporal dependencies in traffic data, especially the dynamic spatial dependencies evolving with time; second, prior studies mainly focus on randomly missing patterns while other more complex missing scenarios are less discussed. To fill these research gaps, we propose a novel deep learning framework called Dynamic Spatiotemporal Graph Convolutional Neural Networks (DSTGCN) to impute missing traffic data. The model combines the recurrent architecture with graph-based convolutions to model the spatiotemporal dependencies. Moreover, we introduce a graph structure estimation technique to model the dynamic spatial dependencies from real-time traffic information and road network structure. Extensive experiments based on two public traffic speed datasets are conducted to compare our proposed model with state-of-the-art deep learning approaches in four types of missing patterns. The results show that our proposed model outperforms existing deep learning models in all kinds of missing scenarios and the graph structure estimation technique contributes to the model performance. We further compare our proposed model with a tensor factorization model and find distinct behaviors across different model families under different training schemes and data availability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Proposing a System Level Machine Learning Hybrid Architecture and Approach for a Comprehensive Autism Spectrum Disorder Diagnosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.03775">arxiv:2110.03775</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ryan Liu, Spencer He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) is a severe neuropsychiatric disorder that affects intellectual development, social behavior, and facial features, and the number of cases is still significantly increasing. Due to the variety of symptoms ASD displays, the diagnosis process remains challenging, with numerous misdiagnoses as well as lengthy and expensive diagnoses. Fortunately, if ASD is diagnosed and treated early, then the patient will have a much higher chance of developing normally. For an ASD diagnosis, machine learning algorithms can analyze both social behavior and facial features accurately and efficiently, providing an ASD diagnosis in a drastically shorter amount of time than through current clinical diagnosis processes. Therefore, we propose to develop a hybrid architecture fully utilizing both social behavior and facial feature data to improve the accuracy of diagnosing ASD. We first developed a Linear Support Vector Machine for the social behavior based module, which analyzes Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule (ADOS) social behavior data. For the facial feature based module, a DenseNet model was utilized to analyze facial feature image data. Finally, we implemented our hybrid model by incorporating different features of the Support Vector Machine and the DenseNet into one model. Our results show that the highest accuracy of 87% for ASD diagnosis has been achieved by our proposed hybrid model. The pros and cons of each module will be discussed in this paper.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepPhysics: a physics aware deep learning framework for real-time simulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09491">arxiv:2109.09491</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alban Odot, Ryadh Haferssas, Stéphane Cotin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Real-time simulation of elastic structures is essential in many applications, from computer-guided surgical interventions to interactive design in mechanical engineering. The Finite Element Method is often used as the numerical method of reference for solving the partial differential equations associated with these problems. Yet, deep learning methods have recently shown that they could represent an alternative strategy to solve physics-based problems 1,2,3. In this paper, we propose a solution to simulate hyper-elastic materials using a data-driven approach, where a neural network is trained to learn the non-linear relationship between boundary conditions and the resulting displacement field. We also introduce a method to guarantee the validity of the solution. In total, we present three contributions: an optimized data set generation algorithm based on modal analysis, a physics-informed loss function, and a Hybrid Newton-Raphson algorithm. The method is applied to two benchmarks: a cantilever beam and a propeller. The results show that our network architecture trained with a limited amount of data can predict the displacement field in less than a millisecond. The predictions on various geometries, topologies, mesh resolutions, and boundary conditions are accurate to a few micrometers for non-linear deformations of several centimeters of amplitude.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Convergence of Tsetlin Machines for the AND and the OR Operators</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09488">arxiv:2109.09488</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lei Jiao, Xuan Zhang, Ole-Christoffer Granmo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Tsetlin Machine (TM) is a novel machine-learning algorithm based on propositional logic, which has obtained state-of-the-art performance on several pattern recognition problems. In previous studies, the convergence properties of TM for 1-bit operation and XOR operation have been analyzed. To make the analyses for the basic digital operations complete, in this article, we analyze the convergence when input training samples follow AND and OR operators respectively. Our analyses reveal that the TM can converge almost surely to reproduce AND and OR operators, which are learnt from training data over an infinite time horizon. The analyses on AND and OR operators, together with the previously analysed 1-bit and XOR operations, complete the convergence analyses on basic operators in Boolean algebra.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Toward Efficient Federated Learning in Multi-Channeled Mobile Edge Network with Layerd Gradient Compression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08819">arxiv:2109.08819</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Haizhou Du, Xiaojie Feng, Qiao Xiang, Haoyu Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A fundamental issue for federated learning (FL) is how to achieve optimal model performance under highly dynamic communication environments. This issue can be alleviated by the fact that modern edge devices usually can connect to the edge FL server via multiple communication channels (e.g., 4G, LTE and 5G). However, having an edge device send copies of local models to the FL server along multiple channels is redundant, time-consuming, and would waste resources (e.g., bandwidth, battery life and monetary cost). In this paper, motivated by the layered coding techniques in video streaming, we propose a novel FL framework called layered gradient compression (LGC). Specifically, in LGC, local gradients from a device is coded into several layers and each layer is sent to the FL server along a different channel. The FL server aggregates the received layers of local gradients from devices to update the global model, and sends the result back to the devices. We prove the convergence of LGC, and formally define the problem of resource-efficient federated learning with LGC. We then propose a learning based algorithm for each device to dynamically adjust its local computation (i.e., the number of local stochastic descent) and communication decisions (i.e.,the compression level of different layers and the layer to channel mapping) in each iteration. Results from extensive experiments show that using our algorithm, LGC significantly reduces the training time, improves the resource utilization, while achieving a similar accuracy, compared with well-known FL mechanisms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Locally Weighted Mean Phase Angle (LWMPA) Based Tone Mapping Quality Index (TMQI-3)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08774">arxiv:2109.08774</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Inaam Ul Hassan, Abdul Haseeb, Sarwan Ali</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** High Dynamic Range (HDR) images are the ones that contain a greater range of luminosity as compared to the standard images. HDR images have a higher detail and clarity of structure, objects, and color, which the standard images lack. HDR images are useful in capturing scenes that pose high brightness, darker areas, and shadows, etc. An HDR image comprises multiple narrow-range-exposure images combined into one high-quality image. As these HDR images cannot be displayed on standard display devices, the real challenge comes while converting these HDR images to Low dynamic range (LDR) images. The conversion of HDR image to LDR image is performed using Tone-mapped operators (TMOs). This conversion results in the loss of much valuable information in structure, color, naturalness, and exposures. The loss of information in the LDR image may not directly be visible to the human eye. To calculate how good an LDR image is after conversion, various metrics have been proposed previously. Some are not noise resilient, some work on separate color channels (Red, Green, and Blue one by one), and some lack capacity to identify the structure. To deal with this problem, we propose a metric in this paper called the Tone Mapping Quality Index (TMQI-3), which evaluates the quality of the LDR image based on its objective score. TMQI-3 is noise resilient, takes account of structure and naturalness, and works on all three color channels combined into one luminosity component. This eliminates the need to use multiple metrics at the same time. We compute results for several HDR and LDR images from the literature and show that our quality index metric performs better than the baseline models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient State Representation Learning for Dynamic Robotic Scenarios</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08642">arxiv:2109.08642</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhaorun Chen, Liang Gong, Te Sun, Binhao Chen, Shenghan Xie, David Filliat, Natalia Díaz-Rodríguez</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While the rapid progress of deep learning fuels end-to-end reinforcement learning (RL), direct application, especially in high-dimensional space like robotic scenarios still suffers from high sample efficiency. Therefore State Representation Learning (SRL) is proposed to specifically learn to encode task-relevant features from complex sensory data into low-dimensional states. However, the pervasive implementation of SRL is usually conducted by a decoupling strategy in which the observation-state mapping is learned separately, which is prone to over-fit. To handle such problem, we present a new algorithm called Policy Optimization via Abstract Representation which integrates SRL into the original RL scale. Firstly, We engage RL loss to assist in updating SRL model so that the states can evolve to meet the demand of reinforcement learning and maintain a good physical interpretation. Secondly, we introduce a dynamic parameter adjustment mechanism so that both models can efficiently adapt to each other. Thirdly, we introduce a new prior called domain resemblance to leverage expert demonstration to train the SRL model. Finally, we provide a real-time access by state graph to monitor the course of learning. Results show that our algorithm outperforms the PPO baselines and decoupling strategies in terms of sample efficiency and final rewards. Thus our model can efficiently deal with tasks in high dimensions and facilitate training real-life robots directly from scratch.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Grounding Natural Language Instructions: Can Large Language Models Capture Spatial Information?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08634">arxiv:2109.08634</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Julia Rozanova, Deborah Ferreira, Krishna Dubba, Weiwei Cheng, Dell Zhang, Andre Freitas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Models designed for intelligent process automation are required to be capable of grounding user interface elements. This task of interface element grounding is centred on linking instructions in natural language to their target referents. Even though BERT and similar pre-trained language models have excelled in several NLP tasks, their use has not been widely explored for the UI grounding domain. This work concentrates on testing and probing the grounding abilities of three different transformer-based models: BERT, RoBERTa and LayoutLM. Our primary focus is on these models' spatial reasoning skills, given their importance in this domain. We observe that LayoutLM has a promising advantage for applications in this domain, even though it was created for a different original purpose (representing scanned documents): the learned spatial features appear to be transferable to the UI grounding setting, especially as they demonstrate the ability to discriminate between target directions in natural language instructions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph Learning for Cognitive Digital Twins in Manufacturing Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08632">arxiv:2109.08632</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Trier Mortlock, Deepan Muthirayan, Shih-Yuan Yu, Pramod P. Khargonekar, Mohammad A. Al Faruque</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Future manufacturing requires complex systems that connect simulation platforms and virtualization with physical data from industrial processes. Digital twins incorporate a physical twin, a digital twin, and the connection between the two. Benefits of using digital twins, especially in manufacturing, are abundant as they can increase efficiency across an entire manufacturing life-cycle. The digital twin concept has become increasingly sophisticated and capable over time, enabled by rises in many technologies. In this paper, we detail the cognitive digital twin as the next stage of advancement of a digital twin that will help realize the vision of Industry 4.0. Cognitive digital twins will allow enterprises to creatively, effectively, and efficiently exploit implicit knowledge drawn from the experience of existing manufacturing systems. They also enable more autonomous decisions and control, while improving the performance across the enterprise (at scale). This paper presents graph learning as one potential pathway towards enabling cognitive functionalities in manufacturing digital twins. A novel approach to realize cognitive digital twins in the product design stage of manufacturing that utilizes graph learning is presented.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Fairness Analysis on Private Aggregation of Teacher Ensembles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08630">arxiv:2109.08630</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Cuong Tran, My H. Dinh, Kyle Beiter, Ferdinando Fioretto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Private Aggregation of Teacher Ensembles (PATE) is an important private machine learning framework. It combines multiple learning models used as teachers for a student model that learns to predict an output chosen by noisy voting among the teachers. The resulting model satisfies differential privacy and has been shown effective in learning high-quality private models in semisupervised settings or when one wishes to protect the data labels.
  This paper asks whether this privacy-preserving framework introduces or exacerbates bias and unfairness and shows that PATE can introduce accuracy disparity among individuals and groups of individuals. The paper analyzes which algorithmic and data properties are responsible for the disproportionate impacts, why these aspects are affecting different groups disproportionately, and proposes guidelines to mitigate these effects. The proposed approach is evaluated on several datasets and settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enforcing fairness in private federated learning via the modified method of differential multipliers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08604">arxiv:2109.08604</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Borja Rodríguez-Gálvez, Filip Granqvist, Rogier van Dalen, Matt Seigel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning with differential privacy, or private federated learning, provides a strategy to train machine learning models while respecting users' privacy. However, differential privacy can disproportionately degrade the performance of the models on under-represented groups, as these parts of the distribution are difficult to learn in the presence of noise. Existing approaches for enforcing fairness in machine learning models have considered the centralized setting, in which the algorithm has access to the users' data. This paper introduces an algorithm to enforce group fairness in private federated learning, where users' data does not leave their devices. First, the paper extends the modified method of differential multipliers to empirical risk minimization with fairness constraints, thus providing an algorithm to enforce fairness in the central setting. Then, this algorithm is extended to the private federated learning setting. The proposed algorithm, FPFL, is tested on a federated version of the Adult dataset and an "unfair" version of the FEMNIST dataset. The experiments on these datasets show how private federated learning accentuates unfairness in the trained models, and how FPFL is able to mitigate such unfairness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Measuring Fairness under Unawareness via Quantification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08549">arxiv:2109.08549</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alessandro Fabris, Andrea Esuli, Alejandro Moreo, Fabrizio Sebastiani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Models trained by means of supervised learning are increasingly deployed in high-stakes domains, and, when their predictions inform decisions about people, they inevitably impact (positively or negatively) on their lives. As a consequence, those in charge of developing these models must carefully evaluate their impact on different groups of people and ensure that sensitive demographic attributes, such as race or sex, do not result in unfair treatment for members of specific groups. For doing this, awareness of demographic attributes on the part of those evaluating model impacts is fundamental. Unfortunately, the collection of these attributes is often in conflict with industry practices and legislation on data minimization and privacy. For this reason, it may be hard to measure the group fairness of trained models, even from within the companies developing them. In this work, we tackle the problem of measuring group fairness under unawareness of sensitive attributes, by using techniques from quantification, a supervised learning task concerned with directly providing group-level prevalence estimates (rather than individual-level class labels). We identify five important factors that complicate the estimation of fairness under unawareness and formalize them into five different experimental protocols under which we assess the effectiveness of different estimators of group fairness. We also consider the problem of potential model misuse to infer sensitive attributes at an individual level, and demonstrate that quantification approaches are suitable for decoupling the (desirable) objective of measuring group fairness from the (undesirable) objective of inferring sensitive attributes of individuals.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Micro-architectural Analysis of a Learned Index</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08495">arxiv:2109.08495</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mikkel Møller Andersen, Pınar Tözün</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Since the publication of The Case for Learned Index Structures in 2018, there has been a rise in research that focuses on learned indexes for different domains and with different functionalities. While the effectiveness of learned indexes as an alternative to traditional index structures such as B+Trees have already been demonstrated by several studies, previous work tend to focus on higher-level performance metrics such as throughput and index size. In this paper, our goal is to dig deeper and investigate how learned indexes behave at a micro-architectural level compared to traditional indexes.
  More specifically, we focus on previously proposed learned index structure ALEX, which is a tree-based in-memory index structure that consists of a hierarchy of machine learned models. Unlike the original proposal for learned indexes, ALEX is designed from the ground up to allow updates and inserts. Therefore, it enables more dynamic workloads using learned indexes. In this work, we perform a micro-architectural analysis of ALEX and compare its behavior to the tree-based index structures that are not based on learned models, i.e., ART and B+Tree.
  Our results show that ALEX is bound by memory stalls, mainly stalls due to data misses from the last-level cache. Compared to ART and B+Tree, ALEX exhibits fewer stalls and a lower cycles-per-instruction value across different workloads. On the other hand, the amount of instructions required to handle out-of-bound inserts in ALEX can increase the instructions needed per request significantly (10X) for write-heavy workloads. However, the micro-architectural behavior shows that this increase in the instruction footprint exhibit high instruction-level parallelism, and, therefore, does not negatively impact the overall execution time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Coordinated Random Access for Industrial IoT With Correlated Traffic By Reinforcement-Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08389">arxiv:2109.08389</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alberto Rech, Stefano Tomasin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a coordinated random access scheme for industrial internet-of-things (IIoT) scenarios, with machine-type devices (MTDs) generating sporadic correlated traffic. This occurs, e.g., when external events trigger data generation at multiple MTDs simultaneously. Time is divided into frames, each split into slots and each MTD randomly selects one slot for (re)transmission, with probability density functions (PDFs) specific of both the MTD and the number of the current retransmission. PDFs are locally optimized to minimize the probability of packet collision. The optimization problem is modeled as a repeated Markov game with incomplete information, and the linear reward-inaction algorithm is used at each MTD, which provably converges to a deterministic (suboptimal) slot assignment. We compare our solution with both the slotted ALOHA and the min-max pairwise correlation random access schemes, showing that our approach achieves a higher network throughput with moderate traffic intensity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Reinforcement Learning Based Multidimensional Resource Management for Energy Harvesting Cognitive NOMA Communications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.09503">arxiv:2109.09503</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhaoyuan Shi, Xianzhong Xie, Huabing Lu, Helin Yang, Jun Cai, Zhiguo Ding</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The combination of energy harvesting (EH), cognitive radio (CR), and non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) is a promising solution to improve energy efficiency and spectral efficiency of the upcoming beyond fifth generation network (B5G), especially for support the wireless sensor communications in Internet of things (IoT) system. However, how to realize intelligent frequency, time, and energy resource allocation to support better performances is an important problem to be solved. In this paper, we study joint spectrum, energy, and time resource management for the EH-CR-NOMA IoT systems. Our goal is to minimize the number of data packets losses for all secondary sensing users (SSU), while satisfying the constraints on the maximum charging battery capacity, maximum transmitting power, maximum buffer capacity, and minimum data rate of primary users (PU) and SSUs. Due to the non-convexity of this optimization problem and the stochastic nature of the wireless environment, we propose a distributed multidimensional resource management algorithm based on deep reinforcement learning (DRL). Considering the continuity of the resources to be managed, the deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) algorithm is adopted, based on which each agent (SSU) can manage its own multidimensional resources without collaboration. In addition, a simplified but practical action adjuster (AA) is introduced for improving the training efficiency and battery performance protection. The provided results show that the convergence speed of the proposed algorithm is about 4 times faster than that of DDPG, and the average number of packet losses (ANPL) is about 8 times lower than that of the greedy algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Experimental Evaluation of Computational Complexity for Different Neural Network Equalizers in Optical Communications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08711">arxiv:2109.08711</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pedro J. Freire, Yevhenii Osadchuk, Antonio Napoli, Bernhard Spinnler, Wolfgang Schairer, Nelson Costa, Jaroslaw E. Prilepsky, Sergei K. Turitsyn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Addressing the neural network-based optical channel equalizers, we quantify the trade-off between their performance and complexity by carrying out the comparative analysis of several neural network architectures, presenting the results for TWC and SSMF set-ups.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Allocating Indivisible Goods to Strategic Agents: Pure Nash Equilibria and Fairness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08644">arxiv:2109.08644</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Georgios Amanatidis, Georgios Birmpas, Federico Fusco, Philip Lazos, Stefano Leonardi, Rebecca Reiffenhäuser</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of fairly allocating a set of indivisible goods to a set of strategic agents with additive valuation functions. We assume no monetary transfers and, therefore, a mechanism in our setting is an algorithm that takes as input the reported -- rather than the true -- values of the agents. Our main goal is to explore whether there exist mechanisms that have pure Nash equilibria for every instance and, at the same time, provide fairness guarantees for the allocations that correspond to these equilibria. We focus on two relaxations of envy-freeness, namely envy-freeness up to one good (EF1), and envy-freeness up to any good (EFX), and we positively answer the above question. In particular, we study two algorithms that are known to produce such allocations in the non-strategic setting: Round-Robin (EF1 allocations for any number of agents) and a cut-and-choose algorithm of Plaut and Roughgarden [SIAM Journal of Discrete Mathematics, 2020] (EFX allocations for two agents). For Round-Robin we show that all of its pure Nash equilibria induce allocations that are EF1 with respect to the underlying true values, while for the algorithm of Plaut and Roughgarden we show that the corresponding allocations not only are EFX but also satisfy maximin share fairness, something that is not true for this algorithm in the non-strategic setting! Further, we show that a weaker version of the latter result holds for any mechanism for two agents that always has pure Nash equilibria which all induce EFX allocations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalized Talagrand Inequality for Sinkhorn Distance using Entropy Power Inequality</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.08430">arxiv:2109.08430</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shuchan Wang, Photios A. Stavrou, Mikael Skoglund</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we study the connection between entropic optimal transport and entropy power inequality (EPI). First, we prove an HWI-type inequality making use of the infinitesimal displacement convexity of optimal transport map. Second, we derive two Talagrand-type inequalities using the saturation of EPI that corresponds to a numerical term in our expression. We evaluate for a wide variety of distributions this term whereas for Gaussian and i.i.d. Cauchy distributions this term is found in explicit form. We show that our results extend previous results of Gaussian Talagrand inequality for Sinkhorn distance to the strongly log-concave case.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/09/16/2021.09.16.html' | relative_url }})
