## Summary for 2021-02-04, created on 2021-12-23


<details><summary><b>Controlling Hallucinations at Word Level in Data-to-Text Generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02810">arxiv:2102.02810</a>
&#x1F4C8; 65 <br>
<p>Clément Rebuffel, Marco Roberti, Laure Soulier, Geoffrey Scoutheeten, Rossella Cancelliere, Patrick Gallinari</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data-to-Text Generation (DTG) is a subfield of Natural Language Generation aiming at transcribing structured data in natural language descriptions. The field has been recently boosted by the use of neural-based generators which exhibit on one side great syntactic skills without the need of hand-crafted pipelines; on the other side, the quality of the generated text reflects the quality of the training data, which in realistic settings only offer imperfectly aligned structure-text pairs. Consequently, state-of-art neural models include misleading statements - usually called hallucinations - in their outputs. The control of this phenomenon is today a major challenge for DTG, and is the problem addressed in the paper.
  Previous work deal with this issue at the instance level: using an alignment score for each table-reference pair. In contrast, we propose a finer-grained approach, arguing that hallucinations should rather be treated at the word level. Specifically, we propose a Multi-Branch Decoder which is able to leverage word-level labels to learn the relevant parts of each training instance. These labels are obtained following a simple and efficient scoring procedure based on co-occurrence analysis and dependency parsing. Extensive evaluations, via automated metrics and human judgment on the standard WikiBio benchmark, show the accuracy of our alignment labels and the effectiveness of the proposed Multi-Branch Decoder. Our model is able to reduce and control hallucinations, while keeping fluency and coherence in generated texts. Further experiments on a degraded version of ToTTo show that our model could be successfully used on very noisy settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How to Train Your Robot with Deep Reinforcement Learning; Lessons We've Learned</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02915">arxiv:2102.02915</a>
&#x1F4C8; 44 <br>
<p>Julian Ibarz, Jie Tan, Chelsea Finn, Mrinal Kalakrishnan, Peter Pastor, Sergey Levine</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep reinforcement learning (RL) has emerged as a promising approach for autonomously acquiring complex behaviors from low level sensor observations. Although a large portion of deep RL research has focused on applications in video games and simulated control, which does not connect with the constraints of learning in real environments, deep RL has also demonstrated promise in enabling physical robots to learn complex skills in the real world. At the same time,real world robotics provides an appealing domain for evaluating such algorithms, as it connects directly to how humans learn; as an embodied agent in the real world. Learning to perceive and move in the real world presents numerous challenges, some of which are easier to address than others, and some of which are often not considered in RL research that focuses only on simulated domains. In this review article, we present a number of case studies involving robotic deep RL. Building off of these case studies, we discuss commonly perceived challenges in deep RL and how they have been addressed in these works. We also provide an overview of other outstanding challenges, many of which are unique to the real-world robotics setting and are not often the focus of mainstream RL research. Our goal is to provide a resource both for roboticists and machine learning researchers who are interested in furthering the progress of deep RL in the real world.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unifying Vision-and-Language Tasks via Text Generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02779">arxiv:2102.02779</a>
&#x1F4C8; 44 <br>
<p>Jaemin Cho, Jie Lei, Hao Tan, Mohit Bansal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing methods for vision-and-language learning typically require designing task-specific architectures and objectives for each task. For example, a multi-label answer classifier for visual question answering, a region scorer for referring expression comprehension, and a language decoder for image captioning, etc. To alleviate these hassles, in this work, we propose a unified framework that learns different tasks in a single architecture with the same language modeling objective, i.e., multimodal conditional text generation, where our models learn to generate labels in text based on the visual and textual inputs. On 7 popular vision-and-language benchmarks, including visual question answering, referring expression comprehension, visual commonsense reasoning, most of which have been previously modeled as discriminative tasks, our generative approach (with a single unified architecture) reaches comparable performance to recent task-specific state-of-the-art vision-and-language models. Moreover, our generative approach shows better generalization ability on questions that have rare answers. Also, we show that our framework allows multi-task learning in a single architecture with a single set of parameters, achieving similar performance to separately optimized single-task models. Our code is publicly available at: https://github.com/j-min/VL-T5

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Monocular Depth in Dynamic Scenes via Instance-Aware Projection Consistency</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02629">arxiv:2102.02629</a>
&#x1F4C8; 40 <br>
<p>Seokju Lee, Sunghoon Im, Stephen Lin, In So Kweon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present an end-to-end joint training framework that explicitly models 6-DoF motion of multiple dynamic objects, ego-motion and depth in a monocular camera setup without supervision. Our technical contributions are three-fold. First, we highlight the fundamental difference between inverse and forward projection while modeling the individual motion of each rigid object, and propose a geometrically correct projection pipeline using a neural forward projection module. Second, we design a unified instance-aware photometric and geometric consistency loss that holistically imposes self-supervisory signals for every background and object region. Lastly, we introduce a general-purpose auto-annotation scheme using any off-the-shelf instance segmentation and optical flow models to produce video instance segmentation maps that will be utilized as input to our training pipeline. These proposed elements are validated in a detailed ablation study. Through extensive experiments conducted on the KITTI and Cityscapes dataset, our framework is shown to outperform the state-of-the-art depth and motion estimation methods. Our code, dataset, and models are available at https://github.com/SeokjuLee/Insta-DM .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ML-Doctor: Holistic Risk Assessment of Inference Attacks Against Machine Learning Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02551">arxiv:2102.02551</a>
&#x1F4C8; 32 <br>
<p>Yugeng Liu, Rui Wen, Xinlei He, Ahmed Salem, Zhikun Zhang, Michael Backes, Emiliano De Cristofaro, Mario Fritz, Yang Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Inference attacks against Machine Learning (ML) models allow adversaries to learn sensitive information about training data, model parameters, etc. While researchers have studied, in depth, several kinds of attacks, they have done so in isolation. As a result, we lack a comprehensive picture of the risks caused by the attacks, e.g., the different scenarios they can be applied to, the common factors that influence their performance, the relationship among them, or the effectiveness of possible defenses. In this paper, we fill this gap by presenting a first-of-its-kind holistic risk assessment of different inference attacks against machine learning models. We concentrate on four attacks -- namely, membership inference, model inversion, attribute inference, and model stealing -- and establish a threat model taxonomy.
  Our extensive experimental evaluation, run on five model architectures and four image datasets, shows that the complexity of the training dataset plays an important role with respect to the attack's performance, while the effectiveness of model stealing and membership inference attacks are negatively correlated. We also show that defenses like DP-SGD and Knowledge Distillation can only mitigate some of the inference attacks. Our analysis relies on a modular re-usable software, ML-Doctor, which enables ML model owners to assess the risks of deploying their models, and equally serves as a benchmark tool for researchers and practitioners.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Invertible DenseNets with Concatenated LipSwish</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02694">arxiv:2102.02694</a>
&#x1F4C8; 22 <br>
<p>Yura Perugachi-Diaz, Jakub M. Tomczak, Sandjai Bhulai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce Invertible Dense Networks (i-DenseNets), a more parameter efficient extension of Residual Flows. The method relies on an analysis of the Lipschitz continuity of the concatenation in DenseNets, where we enforce invertibility of the network by satisfying the Lipschitz constant. Furthermore, we propose a learnable weighted concatenation, which not only improves the model performance but also indicates the importance of the concatenated weighted representation. Additionally, we introduce the Concatenated LipSwish as activation function, for which we show how to enforce the Lipschitz condition and which boosts performance. The new architecture, i-DenseNet, out-performs Residual Flow and other flow-based models on density estimation evaluated in bits per dimension, where we utilize an equal parameter budget. Moreover, we show that the proposed model out-performs Residual Flows when trained as a hybrid model where the model is both a generative and a discriminative model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CrossNorm and SelfNorm for Generalization under Distribution Shifts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02811">arxiv:2102.02811</a>
&#x1F4C8; 12 <br>
<p>Zhiqiang Tang, Yunhe Gao, Yi Zhu, Zhi Zhang, Mu Li, Dimitris Metaxas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traditional normalization techniques (e.g., Batch Normalization and Instance Normalization) generally and simplistically assume that training and test data follow the same distribution. As distribution shifts are inevitable in real-world applications, well-trained models with previous normalization methods can perform badly in new environments. Can we develop new normalization methods to improve generalization robustness under distribution shifts? In this paper, we answer the question by proposing CrossNorm and SelfNorm. CrossNorm exchanges channel-wise mean and variance between feature maps to enlarge training distribution, while SelfNorm uses attention to recalibrate the statistics to bridge gaps between training and test distributions. CrossNorm and SelfNorm can complement each other, though exploring different directions in statistics usage. Extensive experiments on different fields (vision and language), tasks (classification and segmentation), settings (supervised and semi-supervised), and distribution shift types (synthetic and natural) show the effectiveness. Code is available at https://github.com/amazon-research/crossnorm-selfnorm

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Do We Actually Need Dense Over-Parameterization? In-Time Over-Parameterization in Sparse Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02887">arxiv:2102.02887</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Shiwei Liu, Lu Yin, Decebal Constantin Mocanu, Mykola Pechenizkiy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we introduce a new perspective on training deep neural networks capable of state-of-the-art performance without the need for the expensive over-parameterization by proposing the concept of In-Time Over-Parameterization (ITOP) in sparse training. By starting from a random sparse network and continuously exploring sparse connectivities during training, we can perform an Over-Parameterization in the space-time manifold, closing the gap in the expressibility between sparse training and dense training. We further use ITOP to understand the underlying mechanism of Dynamic Sparse Training (DST) and indicate that the benefits of DST come from its ability to consider across time all possible parameters when searching for the optimal sparse connectivity. As long as there are sufficient parameters that have been reliably explored during training, DST can outperform the dense neural network by a large margin. We present a series of experiments to support our conjecture and achieve the state-of-the-art sparse training performance with ResNet-50 on ImageNet. More impressively, our method achieves dominant performance over the overparameterization-based sparse methods at extreme sparsity levels. When trained on CIFAR-100, our method can match the performance of the dense model even at an extreme sparsity (98%). Code can be found https://github.com/Shiweiliuiiiiiii/In-Time-Over-Parameterization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RpBERT: A Text-image Relation Propagation-based BERT Model for Multimodal NER</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02967">arxiv:2102.02967</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Lin Sun, Jiquan Wang, Kai Zhang, Yindu Su, Fangsheng Weng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently multimodal named entity recognition (MNER) has utilized images to improve the accuracy of NER in tweets. However, most of the multimodal methods use attention mechanisms to extract visual clues regardless of whether the text and image are relevant. Practically, the irrelevant text-image pairs account for a large proportion in tweets. The visual clues that are unrelated to the texts will exert uncertain or even negative effects on multimodal model learning. In this paper, we introduce a method of text-image relation propagation into the multimodal BERT model. We integrate soft or hard gates to select visual clues and propose a multitask algorithm to train on the MNER datasets. In the experiments, we deeply analyze the changes in visual attention before and after the use of text-image relation propagation. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on the MNER datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Compressed Object Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02896">arxiv:2102.02896</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Gedeon Muhawenayo, Georgia Gkioxari</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning approaches have achieved unprecedented performance in visual recognition tasks such as object detection and pose estimation. However, state-of-the-art models have millions of parameters represented as floats which make them computationally expensive and constrain their deployment on hardware such as mobile phones and IoT nodes. Most commonly, activations of deep neural networks tend to be sparse thus proving that models are over parametrized with redundant neurons. Model compression techniques, such as pruning and quantization, have recently shown promising results by improving model complexity with little loss in performance. In this work, we extended pruning, a compression technique that discards unnecessary model connections, and weight sharing techniques for the task of object detection. With our approach, we are able to compress a state-of-the-art object detection model by 30.0% without a loss in performance. We also show that our compressed model can be easily initialized with existing pre-trained weights, and thus is able to fully utilize published state-of-the-art model zoos.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scattering Networks on the Sphere for Scalable and Rotationally Equivariant Spherical CNNs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02828">arxiv:2102.02828</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Jason D. McEwen, Christopher G. R. Wallis, Augustine N. Mavor-Parker</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) constructed natively on the sphere have been developed recently and shown to be highly effective for the analysis of spherical data. While an efficient framework has been formulated, spherical CNNs are nevertheless highly computationally demanding; typically they cannot scale beyond spherical signals of thousands of pixels. We develop scattering networks constructed natively on the sphere that provide a powerful representational space for spherical data. Spherical scattering networks are computationally scalable and exhibit rotational equivariance, while their representational space is invariant to isometries and provides efficient and stable signal representations. By integrating scattering networks as an additional type of layer in the generalized spherical CNN framework, we show how they can be leveraged to scale spherical CNNs to the high-resolution data typical of many practical applications, with spherical signals of many tens of megapixels and beyond.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Comparing State-of-the-Art and Emerging Augmented Reality Interfaces for Autonomous Vehicle-to-Pedestrian Communication</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02783">arxiv:2102.02783</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>F. Gabriele Pratticò, Fabrizio Lamberti, Alberto Cannavò, Lia Morra, Paolo Montuschi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Providing pedestrians and other vulnerable road users with a clear indication about a fully autonomous vehicle status and intentions is crucial to make them coexist. In the last few years, a variety of external interfaces have been proposed, leveraging different paradigms and technologies including vehicle-mounted devices (like LED panels), short-range on-road projections, and road infrastructure interfaces (e.g., special asphalts with embedded displays). These designs were experimented in different settings, using mockups, specially prepared vehicles, or virtual environments, with heterogeneous evaluation metrics. Promising interfaces based on Augmented Reality (AR) have been proposed too, but their usability and effectiveness have not been tested yet. This paper aims to complement such body of literature by presenting a comparison of state-of-the-art interfaces and new designs under common conditions. To this aim, an immersive Virtual Reality-based simulation was developed, recreating a well-known scenario represented by pedestrians crossing in urban environments under non-regulated conditions. A user study was then performed to investigate the various dimensions of vehicle-to-pedestrian interaction leveraging objective and subjective metrics. Even though no interface clearly stood out over all the considered dimensions, one of the AR designs achieved state-of-the-art results in terms of safety and trust, at the cost of higher cognitive effort and lower intuitiveness compared to LED panels showing anthropomorphic features. Together with rankings on the various dimensions, indications about advantages and drawbacks of the various alternatives that emerged from this study could provide important information for next developments in the field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding the Capabilities, Limitations, and Societal Impact of Large Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02503">arxiv:2102.02503</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Alex Tamkin, Miles Brundage, Jack Clark, Deep Ganguli</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** On October 14th, 2020, researchers from OpenAI, the Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence, and other universities convened to discuss open research questions surrounding GPT-3, the largest publicly-disclosed dense language model at the time. The meeting took place under Chatham House Rules. Discussants came from a variety of research backgrounds including computer science, linguistics, philosophy, political science, communications, cyber policy, and more. Broadly, the discussion centered around two main questions: 1) What are the technical capabilities and limitations of large language models? 2) What are the societal effects of widespread use of large language models? Here, we provide a detailed summary of the discussion organized by the two themes above.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Audio Adversarial Examples: Attacks Using Vocal Masks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02417">arxiv:2102.02417</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Kai Yuan Tay, Lynnette Ng, Wei Han Chua, Lucerne Loke, Danqi Ye, Melissa Chua</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We construct audio adversarial examples on automatic Speech-To-Text systems . Given any audio waveform, we produce an another by overlaying an audio vocal mask generated from the original audio. We apply our audio adversarial attack to five SOTA STT systems: DeepSpeech, Julius, Kaldi, wav2letter@anywhere and CMUSphinx. In addition, we engaged human annotators to transcribe the adversarial audio. Our experiments show that these adversarial examples fool State-Of-The-Art Speech-To-Text systems, yet humans are able to consistently pick out the speech. The feasibility of this attack introduces a new domain to study machine and human perception of speech.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Noise Transition Matrix from Only Noisy Labels via Total Variation Regularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02414">arxiv:2102.02414</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yivan Zhang, Gang Niu, Masashi Sugiyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many weakly supervised classification methods employ a noise transition matrix to capture the class-conditional label corruption. To estimate the transition matrix from noisy data, existing methods often need to estimate the noisy class-posterior, which could be unreliable due to the overconfidence of neural networks. In this work, we propose a theoretically grounded method that can estimate the noise transition matrix and learn a classifier simultaneously, without relying on the error-prone noisy class-posterior estimation. Concretely, inspired by the characteristics of the stochastic label corruption process, we propose total variation regularization, which encourages the predicted probabilities to be more distinguishable from each other. Under mild assumptions, the proposed method yields a consistent estimator of the transition matrix. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method through experiments on benchmark and real-world datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Keep it Simple: Data-efficient Learning for Controlling Complex Systems with Simple Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02493">arxiv:2102.02493</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Thomas Power, Dmitry Berenson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When manipulating a novel object with complex dynamics, a state representation is not always available, for example for deformable objects. Learning both a representation and dynamics from observations requires large amounts of data. We propose Learned Visual Similarity Predictive Control (LVSPC), a novel method for data-efficient learning to control systems with complex dynamics and high-dimensional state spaces from images. LVSPC leverages a given simple model approximation from which image observations can be generated. We use these images to train a perception model that estimates the simple model state from observations of the complex system online. We then use data from the complex system to fit the parameters of the simple model and learn where this model is inaccurate, also online. Finally, we use Model Predictive Control and bias the controller away from regions where the simple model is inaccurate and thus where the controller is less reliable. We evaluate LVSPC on two tasks; manipulating a tethered mass and a rope. We find that our method performs comparably to state-of-the-art reinforcement learning methods with an order of magnitude less data. LVSPC also completes the rope manipulation task on a real robot with 80% success rate after only 10 trials, despite using a perception system trained only on images from simulation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>From a Point Cloud to a Simulation Model: Bayesian Segmentation and Entropy based Uncertainty Estimation for 3D Modelling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02488">arxiv:2102.02488</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Christina Petschnigg, Markus Spitzner, Lucas Weitzendorf, Jürgen Pilz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The 3D modelling of indoor environments and the generation of process simulations play an important role in factory and assembly planning. In brownfield planning cases existing data are often outdated and incomplete especially for older plants, which were mostly planned in 2D. Thus, current environment models cannot be generated directly on the basis of existing data and a holistic approach on how to build such a factory model in a highly automated fashion is mostly non-existent. Major steps in generating an environment model in a production plant include data collection and pre-processing, object identification as well as pose estimation. In this work, we elaborate a methodical workflow, which starts with the digitalization of large-scale indoor environments and ends with the generation of a static environment or simulation model. The object identification step is realized using a Bayesian neural network capable of point cloud segmentation. We elaborate how the information on network uncertainty generated by a Bayesian segmentation framework can be used in order to build up a more accurate environment model. The steps of data collection and point cloud segmentation as well as the resulting model accuracy are evaluated on a real-world data set collected at the assembly line of a large-scale automotive production plant. The segmentation network is further evaluated on the publicly available Stanford Large-Scale 3D Indoor Spaces data set. The Bayesian segmentation network clearly surpasses the performance of the frequentist baseline and allows us to increase the accuracy of the model placement in a simulation scene considerably.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An end-to-end trainable hybrid classical-quantum classifier</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02416">arxiv:2102.02416</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Samuel Yen-Chi Chen, Chih-Min Huang, Chia-Wei Hsing, Ying-Jer Kao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a hybrid model combining a quantum-inspired tensor network and a variational quantum circuit to perform supervised learning tasks. This architecture allows for the classical and quantum parts of the model to be trained simultaneously, providing an end-to-end training framework. We show that compared to the principal component analysis, a tensor network based on the matrix product state with low bond dimensions performs better as a feature extractor for the input data of the variational quantum circuit in the binary and ternary classification of MNIST and Fashion-MNIST datasets. The architecture is highly adaptable and the classical-quantum boundary can be adjusted according the availability of the quantum resource by exploiting the correspondence between tensor networks and quantum circuits.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Finite Sample Analysis of Minimax Offline Reinforcement Learning: Completeness, Fast Rates and First-Order Efficiency</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02981">arxiv:2102.02981</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Masatoshi Uehara, Masaaki Imaizumi, Nan Jiang, Nathan Kallus, Wen Sun, Tengyang Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We offer a theoretical characterization of off-policy evaluation (OPE) in reinforcement learning using function approximation for marginal importance weights and $q$-functions when these are estimated using recent minimax methods. Under various combinations of realizability and completeness assumptions, we show that the minimax approach enables us to achieve a fast rate of convergence for weights and quality functions, characterized by the critical inequality \citep{bartlett2005}. Based on this result, we analyze convergence rates for OPE. In particular, we introduce novel alternative completeness conditions under which OPE is feasible and we present the first finite-sample result with first-order efficiency in non-tabular environments, i.e., having the minimal coefficient in the leading term.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Label Annotation of Chest Abdomen Pelvis Computed Tomography Text Reports Using Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02959">arxiv:2102.02959</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Vincent M. D'Anniballe, Fakrul I. Tushar, Khrystyna Faryna, Songyue Han, Maciej A. Mazurowski, Geoffrey D. Rubin, Joseph Y. Lo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Purpose: To develop high throughput multi-label annotators for body (chest, abdomen, and pelvis) Computed Tomography (CT) reports that can be applied across a variety of abnormalities, organs, and disease states.
  Approach: We used a dictionary approach to develop rule-based algorithms (RBA) for extraction of disease labels from radiology text reports. We targeted three organ systems (lungs/pleura, liver/gallbladder, kidneys/ureters) with four diseases per system based on their prevalence in our dataset. To expand the algorithms beyond pre-defined keywords, attention-guided recurrent neural networks (RNN) were trained using the RBA-extracted labels to classify reports as being positive for one or more diseases or normal for each organ system. Confounding effects on model performance were evaluated using random initialization or pre-trained embedding as well as different sizes of training datasets. Performance was evaluated using the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) area under the curve (AUC) against 2,158 manually obtained labels.
  Results: Our models extracted disease labels from 261,229 radiology reports of 112,501 unique subjects. Pre-trained models outperformed random initialization across all diseases. As the training dataset size was reduced, performance was robust except for a few diseases with relatively small number of cases. Pre-trained classification AUCs achieved > 0.95 for all five disease outcomes across all three organ systems.
  Conclusions: Our label-extracting pipeline was able to encompass a variety of cases and diseases by generalizing beyond strict rules with exceptional accuracy. This method can be easily adapted to enable automated labeling of hospital-scale medical data sets for training image-based disease classifiers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalized Zero-shot Intent Detection via Commonsense Knowledge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02925">arxiv:2102.02925</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>A. B. Siddique, Fuad Jamour, Luxun Xu, Vagelis Hristidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Identifying user intents from natural language utterances is a crucial step in conversational systems that has been extensively studied as a supervised classification problem. However, in practice, new intents emerge after deploying an intent detection model. Thus, these models should seamlessly adapt and classify utterances with both seen and unseen intents -- unseen intents emerge after deployment and they do not have training data. The few existing models that target this setting rely heavily on the scarcely available training data and overfit to seen intents data, resulting in a bias to misclassify utterances with unseen intents into seen ones. We propose RIDE: an intent detection model that leverages commonsense knowledge in an unsupervised fashion to overcome the issue of training data scarcity. RIDE computes robust and generalizable relationship meta-features that capture deep semantic relationships between utterances and intent labels; these features are computed by considering how the concepts in an utterance are linked to those in an intent label via commonsense knowledge. Our extensive experimental analysis on three widely-used intent detection benchmarks shows that relationship meta-features significantly increase the accuracy of detecting both seen and unseen intents and that RIDE outperforms the state-of-the-art model for unseen intents.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Progressive Neural Image Compression with Nested Quantization and Latent Ordering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02913">arxiv:2102.02913</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yadong Lu, Yinhao Zhu, Yang Yang, Amir Said, Taco S Cohen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present PLONQ, a progressive neural image compression scheme which pushes the boundary of variable bitrate compression by allowing quality scalable coding with a single bitstream. In contrast to existing learned variable bitrate solutions which produce separate bitstreams for each quality, it enables easier rate-control and requires less storage. Leveraging the latent scaling based variable bitrate solution, we introduce nested quantization, a method that defines multiple quantization levels with nested quantization grids, and progressively refines all latents from the coarsest to the finest quantization level. To achieve finer progressiveness in between any two quantization levels, latent elements are incrementally refined with an importance ordering defined in the rate-distortion sense. To the best of our knowledge, PLONQ is the first learning-based progressive image coding scheme and it outperforms SPIHT, a well-known wavelet-based progressive image codec.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transfer Learning in Bandits with Latent Continuity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02472">arxiv:2102.02472</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Hyejin Park, Seiyun Shin, Kwang-Sung Jun, Jungseul Ok</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Structured stochastic multi-armed bandits provide accelerated regret rates over the standard unstructured bandit problems. Most structured bandits, however, assume the knowledge of the structural parameter such as Lipschitz continuity, which is often not available. To cope with the latent structural parameter, we consider a transfer learning setting in which an agent must learn to transfer the structural information from the prior tasks to the next task, which is inspired by practical problems such as rate adaptation in wireless link. We propose a novel framework to provably and accurately estimate the Lipschitz constant based on previous tasks and fully exploit it for the new task at hand. We analyze the efficiency of the proposed framework in two folds: (i) the sample complexity of our estimator matches with the information-theoretic fundamental limit; and (ii) our regret bound on the new task is close to that of the oracle algorithm with the full knowledge of the Lipschitz constant under mild assumptions. Our analysis reveals a set of useful insights on transfer learning for latent Lipschitzconstants such as the fundamental challenge a learner faces. Our numerical evaluations confirm our theoretical findings and show the superiority of the proposed framework compared to baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Training Makes Weight Loss Landscape Sharper in Logistic Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02950">arxiv:2102.02950</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Masanori Yamada, Sekitoshi Kanai, Tomoharu Iwata, Tomokatsu Takahashi, Yuki Yamanaka, Hiroshi Takahashi, Atsutoshi Kumagai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adversarial training is actively studied for learning robust models against adversarial examples. A recent study finds that adversarially trained models degenerate generalization performance on adversarial examples when their weight loss landscape, which is loss changes with respect to weights, is sharp. Unfortunately, it has been experimentally shown that adversarial training sharpens the weight loss landscape, but this phenomenon has not been theoretically clarified. Therefore, we theoretically analyze this phenomenon in this paper. As a first step, this paper proves that adversarial training with the L2 norm constraints sharpens the weight loss landscape in the linear logistic regression model. Our analysis reveals that the sharpness of the weight loss landscape is caused by the noise aligned in the direction of increasing the loss, which is used in adversarial training. We theoretically and experimentally confirm that the weight loss landscape becomes sharper as the magnitude of the noise of adversarial training increases in the linear logistic regression model. Moreover, we experimentally confirm the same phenomena in ResNet18 with softmax as a more general case.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Ivy: Templated Deep Learning for Inter-Framework Portability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02886">arxiv:2102.02886</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Daniel Lenton, Fabio Pardo, Fabian Falck, Stephen James, Ronald Clark</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce Ivy, a templated Deep Learning (DL) framework which abstracts existing DL frameworks. Ivy unifies the core functions of these frameworks to exhibit consistent call signatures, syntax and input-output behaviour. New high-level framework-agnostic functions and classes, which are usable alongside framework-specific code, can then be implemented as compositions of the unified low-level Ivy functions. Ivy currently supports TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, Jax and NumPy. We also release four pure-Ivy libraries for mechanics, 3D vision, robotics, and differentiable environments. Through our evaluations, we show that Ivy can significantly reduce lines of code with a runtime overhead of less than 1% in most cases. We welcome developers to join the Ivy community by writing their own functions, layers and libraries in Ivy, maximizing their audience and helping to accelerate DL research through inter-framework codebases. More information can be found at https://ivy-dl.org.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Disambiguation of weak supervision with exponential convergence rates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02789">arxiv:2102.02789</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Vivien Cabannes, Francis Bach, Alessandro Rudi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning approached through supervised learning requires expensive annotation of data. This motivates weakly supervised learning, where data are annotated with incomplete yet discriminative information. In this paper, we focus on partial labelling, an instance of weak supervision where, from a given input, we are given a set of potential targets. We review a disambiguation principle to recover full supervision from weak supervision, and propose an empirical disambiguation algorithm. We prove exponential convergence rates of our algorithm under classical learnability assumptions, and we illustrate the usefulness of our method on practical examples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fine-tuning deep learning model parameters for improved super-resolution of dynamic MRI with prior-knowledge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02711">arxiv:2102.02711</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Chompunuch Sarasaen, Soumick Chatterjee, Mario Breitkopf, Georg Rose, Andreas Nürnberger, Oliver Speck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Dynamic imaging is a beneficial tool for interventions to assess physiological changes. Nonetheless during dynamic MRI, while achieving a high temporal resolution, the spatial resolution is compromised. To overcome this spatio-temporal trade-off, this research presents a super-resolution (SR) MRI reconstruction with prior knowledge based fine-tuning to maximise spatial information while reducing the required scan-time for dynamic MRIs. An U-Net based network with perceptual loss is trained on a benchmark dataset and fine-tuned using one subject-specific static high resolution MRI as prior knowledge to obtain high resolution dynamic images during the inference stage. 3D dynamic data for three subjects were acquired with different parameters to test the generalisation capabilities of the network. The method was tested for different levels of in-plane undersampling for dynamic MRI. The reconstructed dynamic SR results after fine-tuning showed higher similarity with the high resolution ground-truth, while quantitatively achieving statistically significant improvement. The average SSIM of the lowest resolution experimented during this research (6.25~\% of the k-space) before and after fine-tuning were 0.939 $\pm$ 0.008 and 0.957 $\pm$ 0.006 respectively. This could theoretically result in an acceleration factor of 16, which can potentially be acquired in less than half a second. The proposed approach shows that the super-resolution MRI reconstruction with prior-information can alleviate the spatio-temporal trade-off in dynamic MRI, even for high acceleration factors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LoRD-Net: Unfolded Deep Detection Network with Low-Resolution Receivers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02993">arxiv:2102.02993</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Shahin Khobahi, Nir Shlezinger, Mojtaba Soltanalian, Yonina C. Eldar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The need to recover high-dimensional signals from their noisy low-resolution quantized measurements is widely encountered in communications and sensing. In this paper, we focus on the extreme case of one-bit quantizers, and propose a deep detector entitled LoRD-Net for recovering information symbols from one-bit measurements. Our method is a model-aware data-driven architecture based on deep unfolding of first-order optimization iterations. LoRD-Net has a task-based architecture dedicated to recovering the underlying signal of interest from the one-bit noisy measurements without requiring prior knowledge of the channel matrix through which the one-bit measurements are obtained. The proposed deep detector has much fewer parameters compared to black-box deep networks due to the incorporation of domain-knowledge in the design of its architecture, allowing it to operate in a data-driven fashion while benefiting from the flexibility, versatility, and reliability of model-based optimization methods. LoRD-Net operates in a blind fashion, which requires addressing both the non-linear nature of the data-acquisition system as well as identifying a proper optimization objective for signal recovery. Accordingly, we propose a two-stage training method for LoRD-Net, in which the first stage is dedicated to identifying the proper form of the optimization process to unfold, while the latter trains the resulting model in an end-to-end manner. We numerically evaluate the proposed receiver architecture for one-bit signal recovery in wireless communications and demonstrate that the proposed hybrid methodology outperforms both data-driven and model-based state-of-the-art methods, while utilizing small datasets, on the order of merely $\sim 500$ samples, for training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DetectorGuard: Provably Securing Object Detectors against Localized Patch Hiding Attacks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02956">arxiv:2102.02956</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Chong Xiang, Prateek Mittal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** State-of-the-art object detectors are vulnerable to localized patch hiding attacks, where an adversary introduces a small adversarial patch to make detectors miss the detection of salient objects. The patch attacker can carry out a physical-world attack by printing and attaching an adversarial patch to the victim object. In this paper, we propose DetectorGuard as the first general framework for building provably robust object detectors against localized patch hiding attacks. DetectorGuard is inspired by recent advancements in robust image classification research; we ask: can we adapt robust image classifiers for robust object detection? Unfortunately, due to their task difference, an object detector naively adapted from a robust image classifier 1) may not necessarily be robust in the adversarial setting or 2) even maintain decent performance in the clean setting. To build a high-performance robust object detector, we propose an objectness explaining strategy: we adapt a robust image classifier to predict objectness for every image location and then explain each objectness using the bounding boxes predicted by a conventional object detector. If all objectness is well explained, we output the predictions made by the conventional object detector; otherwise, we issue an attack alert. Notably, 1) in the adversarial setting, we formally prove the end-to-end robustness of DetectorGuard on certified objects, i.e., it either detects the object or triggers an alert, against any patch hiding attacker within our threat model; 2) in the clean setting, we have almost the same performance as state-of-the-art object detectors. Our evaluation on the PASCAL VOC, MS COCO, and KITTI datasets further demonstrates that DetectorGuard achieves the first provable robustness against localized patch hiding attacks at a negligible cost (<1%) of clean performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Chord Embeddings: Analyzing What They Capture and Their Role for Next Chord Prediction and Artist Attribute Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02917">arxiv:2102.02917</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Allison Lahnala, Gauri Kambhatla, Jiajun Peng, Matthew Whitehead, Gillian Minnehan, Eric Guldan, Jonathan K. Kummerfeld, Anıl Çamcı, Rada Mihalcea</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Natural language processing methods have been applied in a variety of music studies, drawing the connection between music and language. In this paper, we expand those approaches by investigating \textit{chord embeddings}, which we apply in two case studies to address two key questions: (1) what musical information do chord embeddings capture?; and (2) how might musical applications benefit from them? In our analysis, we show that they capture similarities between chords that adhere to important relationships described in music theory. In the first case study, we demonstrate that using chord embeddings in a next chord prediction task yields predictions that more closely match those by experienced musicians. In the second case study, we show the potential benefits of using the representations in tasks related to musical stylometrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Materializing Knowledge Bases via Trigger Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02753">arxiv:2102.02753</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Efthymia Tsamoura, David Carral, Enrico Malizia, Jacopo Urbani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The chase is a well-established family of algorithms used to materialize Knowledge Bases (KBs), like Knowledge Graphs (KGs), to tackle important tasks like query answering under dependencies or data cleaning. A general problem of chase algorithms is that they might perform redundant computations. To counter this problem, we introduce the notion of Trigger Graphs (TGs), which guide the execution of the rules avoiding redundant computations. We present the results of an extensive theoretical and empirical study that seeks to answer when and how TGs can be computed and what are the benefits of TGs when applied over real-world KBs. Our results include introducing algorithms that compute (minimal) TGs. We implemented our approach in a new engine, and our experiments show that it can be significantly more efficient than the chase enabling us to materialize KBs with 17B facts in less than 40 min on commodity machines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EFloat: Entropy-coded Floating Point Format for Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02705">arxiv:2102.02705</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Rajesh Bordawekar, Bulent Abali, Ming-Hung Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We describe the EFloat floating-point number format with 4 to 6 additional bits of precision and a wider exponent range than the existing floating point (FP) formats of any width including FP32, BFloat16, IEEE-Half precision, DLFloat, TensorFloat, and 8-bit floats. In a large class of deep learning models we observe that FP exponent values tend to cluster around few unique values which presents entropy encoding opportunities. The EFloat format encodes frequent exponent values and signs with Huffman codes to minimize the average exponent field width. Saved bits then become available to the mantissa increasing the EFloat numeric precision on average by 4 to 6 bits compared to other FP formats of equal width. The proposed encoding concept may be beneficial to low-precision formats including 8-bit floats. Training deep learning models with low precision arithmetic is challenging. EFloat, with its increased precision may provide an opportunity for those tasks as well. We currently use the EFloat format for compressing and saving memory used in large NLP deep learning models. A potential hardware implementation for improving PCIe and memory bandwidth limitations of AI accelerators is also discussed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evolutionary Multitask Optimization: a Methodological Overview, Challenges and Future Research Directions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02558">arxiv:2102.02558</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Eneko Osaba, Aritz D. Martinez, Javier Del Ser</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we consider multitasking in the context of solving multiple optimization problems simultaneously by conducting a single search process. The principal goal when dealing with this scenario is to dynamically exploit the existing complementarities among the problems (tasks) being optimized, helping each other through the exchange of valuable knowledge. Additionally, the emerging paradigm of Evolutionary Multitasking tackles multitask optimization scenarios by using as inspiration concepts drawn from Evolutionary Computation. The main purpose of this survey is to collect, organize and critically examine the abundant literature published so far in Evolutionary Multitasking, with an emphasis on the methodological patterns followed when designing new algorithmic proposals in this area (namely, multifactorial optimization and multipopulation-based multitasking). We complement our critical analysis with an identification of challenges that remain open to date, along with promising research directions that can stimulate future efforts in this topic. Our discussions held throughout this manuscript are offered to the audience as a reference of the general trajectory followed by the community working in this field in recent times, as well as a self-contained entry point for newcomers and researchers interested to join this exciting research avenue.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Meta-strategy for Learning Tuning Parameters with Guarantees</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02504">arxiv:2102.02504</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Dimitri Meunier, Pierre Alquier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Online learning methods, like the online gradient algorithm (OGA) and exponentially weighted aggregation (EWA), often depend on tuning parameters that are difficult to set in practice. We consider an online meta-learning scenario, and we propose a meta-strategy to learn these parameters from past tasks. Our strategy is based on the minimization of a regret bound. It allows to learn the initialization and the step size in OGA with guarantees. It also allows to learn the prior or the learning rate in EWA. We provide a regret analysis of the strategy. It allows to identify settings where meta-learning indeed improves on learning each task in isolation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reinforced Contact Tracing and Epidemic Intervention</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.08251">arxiv:2102.08251</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tao Feng, Sirui Song, Tong Xia, Yong Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The recent outbreak of COVID-19 poses a serious threat to people's lives. Epidemic control strategies have also caused damage to the economy by cutting off humans' daily commute. In this paper, we develop an Individual-based Reinforcement Learning Epidemic Control Agent (IDRLECA) to search for smart epidemic control strategies that can simultaneously minimize infections and the cost of mobility intervention. IDRLECA first hires an infection probability model to calculate the current infection probability of each individual. Then, the infection probabilities together with individuals' health status and movement information are fed to a novel GNN to estimate the spread of the virus through human contacts. The estimated risks are used to further support an RL agent to select individual-level epidemic-control actions. The training of IDRLECA is guided by a specially designed reward function considering both the cost of mobility intervention and the effectiveness of epidemic control. Moreover, we design a constraint for control-action selection that eases its difficulty and further improve exploring efficiency. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that IDRLECA can suppress infections at a very low level and retain more than 95% of human mobility.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Concentration of Non-Isotropic Random Tensors with Applications to Learning and Empirical Risk Minimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.04259">arxiv:2102.04259</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mathieu Even, Laurent Massoulié</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Dimension is an inherent bottleneck to some modern learning tasks, where optimization methods suffer from the size of the data. In this paper, we study non-isotropic distributions of data and develop tools that aim at reducing these dimensional costs by a dependency on an effective dimension rather than the ambient one. Based on non-asymptotic estimates of the metric entropy of ellipsoids -- that prove to generalize to infinite dimensions -- and on a chaining argument, our uniform concentration bounds involve an effective dimension instead of the global dimension, improving over existing results. We show the importance of taking advantage of non-isotropic properties in learning problems with the following applications: i) we improve state-of-the-art results in statistical preconditioning for communication-efficient distributed optimization, ii) we introduce a non-isotropic randomized smoothing for non-smooth optimization. Both applications cover a class of functions that encompasses empirical risk minization (ERM) for linear models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayesian multiscale deep generative model for the solution of high-dimensional inverse problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03169">arxiv:2102.03169</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yingzhi Xia, Nicholas Zabaras</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Estimation of spatially-varying parameters for computationally expensive forward models governed by partial differential equations is addressed. A novel multiscale Bayesian inference approach is introduced based on deep probabilistic generative models. Such generative models provide a flexible representation by inferring on each scale a low-dimensional latent encoding while allowing hierarchical parameter generation from coarse- to fine-scales. Combining the multiscale generative model with Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC), inference across scales is achieved enabling us to efficiently obtain posterior parameter samples at various scales. The estimation of coarse-scale parameters using a low-dimensional latent embedding captures global and notable parameter features using an inexpensive but inaccurate solver. MCMC sampling of the fine-scale parameters is enabled by utilizing the posterior information in the immediate coarser-scale. In this way, the global features are identified in the coarse-scale with inference of low-dimensional variables and inexpensive forward computation, and the local features are refined and corrected in the fine-scale. The developed method is demonstrated with two types of permeability estimation for flow in heterogeneous media. One is a Gaussian random field (GRF) with uncertain length scales, and the other is channelized permeability with the two regions defined by different GRFs. The obtained results indicate that the method allows high-dimensional parameter estimation while exhibiting stability, efficiency and accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep reinforcement learning-based image classification achieves perfect testing set accuracy for MRI brain tumors with a training set of only 30 images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02895">arxiv:2102.02895</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Joseph Stember, Hrithwik Shalu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Purpose: Image classification may be the fundamental task in imaging artificial intelligence. We have recently shown that reinforcement learning can achieve high accuracy for lesion localization and segmentation even with minuscule training sets. Here, we introduce reinforcement learning for image classification. In particular, we apply the approach to normal vs. tumor-containing 2D MRI brain images.
  Materials and Methods: We applied multi-step image classification to allow for combined Deep Q learning and TD(0) Q learning. We trained on a set of 30 images (15 normal and 15 tumor-containing). We tested on a separate set of 30 images (15 normal and 15 tumor-containing). For comparison, we also trained and tested a supervised deep-learning classification network on the same set of training and testing images.
  Results: Whereas the supervised approach quickly overfit the training data and as expected performed poorly on the testing set (57% accuracy, just over random guessing), the reinforcement learning approach achieved an accuracy of 100%.
  Conclusion: We have shown a proof-of-principle application of reinforcement learning to the classification of brain tumors. We achieved perfect testing set accuracy with a training set of merely 30 images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Robustness Study of Convolutional Neural Network for Lumbar Disk Shape Reconstruction from MR images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02885">arxiv:2102.02885</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiasong Chen, Linchen Qian, Timur Urakov, Weiyong Gu, Liang Liang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning technologies using deep neural networks (DNNs), especially convolutional neural networks (CNNs), have made automated, accurate, and fast medical image analysis a reality for many applications, and some DNN-based medical image analysis systems have even been FDA-cleared. Despite the progress, challenges remain to build DNNs as reliable as human expert doctors. It is known that DNN classifiers may not be robust to noises: by adding a small amount of noise to an input image, a DNN classifier may make a wrong classification of the noisy image (i.e., in-distribution adversarial sample), whereas it makes the right classification of the clean image. Another issue is caused by out-of-distribution samples that are not similar to any sample in the training set. Given such a sample as input, the output of a DNN will become meaningless. In this study, we investigated the in-distribution (IND) and out-of-distribution (OOD) adversarial robustness of a representative CNN for lumbar disk shape reconstruction from spine MR images. To study the relationship between dataset size and robustness to IND adversarial attacks, we used a data augmentation method to create training sets with different levels of shape variations. We utilized the PGD-based algorithm for IND adversarial attacks and extended it for OOD adversarial attacks to generate OOD adversarial samples for model testing. The results show that IND adversarial training can improve the CNN robustness to IND adversarial attacks, and larger training datasets may lead to higher IND robustness. However, it is still a challenge to defend against OOD adversarial attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Nonlinear Independent Component Analysis for Continuous-Time Signals</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02876">arxiv:2102.02876</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alexander Schell, Harald Oberhauser</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the classical problem of recovering a multidimensional source process from observations of nonlinear mixtures of this process. Assuming statistical independence of the coordinate processes of the source, we show that this recovery is possible for many popular models of stochastic processes (up to order and monotone scaling of their coordinates) if the mixture is given by a sufficiently differentiable, invertible function. Key to our approach is the combination of tools from stochastic analysis and recent contrastive learning approaches to nonlinear ICA. This yields a scalable method with widely applicable theoretical guarantees for which our experiments indicate good performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Eliciting judgements about dependent quantities of interest: The SHELF extension and copula methods illustrated using an asthma case study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02852">arxiv:2102.02852</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Björn Holzhauer, Lisa V. Hampson, John Paul Gosling, Björn Bornkamp, Joseph Kahn, Markus R. Lange, Wen-Lin Luo, Caterina Brindicci, David Lawrence, Steffen Ballerstedt, Anthony O'Hagan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pharmaceutical companies regularly need to make decisions about drug development programs based on the limited knowledge from early stage clinical trials. In this situation, eliciting the judgements of experts is an attractive approach for synthesising evidence on the unknown quantities of interest. When calculating the probability of success for a drug development program, multiple quantities of interest - such as the effect of a drug on different endpoints - should not be treated as unrelated.
  We discuss two approaches for establishing a multivariate distribution for several related quantities within the SHeffield ELicitation Framework (SHELF). The first approach elicits experts' judgements about a quantity of interest conditional on knowledge about another one. For the second approach, we first elicit marginal distributions for each quantity of interest. Then, for each pair of quantities, we elicit the concordance probability that both lie on the same side of their respective elicited medians. This allows us to specify a copula to obtain the joint distribution of the quantities of interest.
  We show how these approaches were used in an elicitation workshop that was performed to assess the probability of success of the registrational program of an asthma drug. The judgements of the experts, which were obtained prior to completion of the pivotal studies, were well aligned with the final trial results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Undecidability of Underfitting in Learning Algorithms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02850">arxiv:2102.02850</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sonia Sehra, David Flores, George D. Montanez</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Using recent machine learning results that present an information-theoretic perspective on underfitting and overfitting, we prove that deciding whether an encodable learning algorithm will always underfit a dataset, even if given unlimited training time, is undecidable. We discuss the importance of this result and potential topics for further research, including information-theoretic and probabilistic strategies for bounding learning algorithm fit.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The EpiBench Platform to Propel AI/ML-based Epidemic Forecasting: A Prototype Demonstration Reaching Human Expert-level Performance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02842">arxiv:2102.02842</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ajitesh Srivastava, Tianjian Xu, Viktor K. Prasanna</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** During the COVID-19 pandemic, a significant effort has gone into developing ML-driven epidemic forecasting techniques. However, benchmarks do not exist to claim if a new AI/ML technique is better than the existing ones. The "covid-forecast-hub" is a collection of more than 30 teams, including us, that submit their forecasts weekly to the CDC. It is not possible to declare whether one method is better than the other using those forecasts because each team's submission may correspond to different techniques over the period and involve human interventions as the teams are continuously changing/tuning their approach. Such forecasts may be considered "human-expert" forecasts and do not qualify as AI/ML approaches, although they can be used as an indicator of human expert performance. We are interested in supporting AI/ML research in epidemic forecasting which can lead to scalable forecasting without human intervention. Which modeling technique, learning strategy, and data pre-processing technique work well for epidemic forecasting is still an open problem. To help advance the state-of-the-art AI/ML applied to epidemiology, a benchmark with a collection of performance points is needed and the current "state-of-the-art" techniques need to be identified. We propose EpiBench a platform consisting of community-driven benchmarks for AI/ML applied to epidemic forecasting to standardize the challenge with a uniform evaluation protocol. In this paper, we introduce a prototype of EpiBench which is currently running and accepting submissions for the task of forecasting COVID-19 cases and deaths in the US states and We demonstrate that we can utilize the prototype to develop an ensemble relying on fully automated epidemic forecasts (no human intervention) that reaches human-expert level ensemble currently being used by the CDC.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RECol: Reconstruction Error Columns for Outlier Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02791">arxiv:2102.02791</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jörn Hees, Dayananda Herurkar, Mario Meier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Detecting outliers or anomalies is a common data analysis task. As a sub-field of unsupervised machine learning, a large variety of approaches exist, but the vast majority treats the input features as independent and often fails to recognize even simple (linear) relationships in the input feature space. Hence, we introduce RECol, a generic data pre-processing approach to generate additional columns in a leave-one-out-fashion: For each column, we try to predict its values based on the other columns, generating reconstruction error columns. We run experiments across a large variety of common baseline approaches and benchmark datasets with and without our RECol pre-processing method and show that the generated reconstruction error feature space generally seems to support common outlier detection methods and often considerably improves their ROC-AUC and PR-AUC values.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hawkes Processes on Graphons</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02741">arxiv:2102.02741</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hongteng Xu, Dixin Luo, Hongyuan Zha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel framework for modeling multiple multivariate point processes, each with heterogeneous event types that share an underlying space and obey the same generative mechanism. Focusing on Hawkes processes and their variants that are associated with Granger causality graphs, our model leverages an uncountable event type space and samples the graphs with different sizes from a nonparametric model called {\it graphon}. Given those graphs, we can generate the corresponding Hawkes processes and simulate event sequences. Learning this graphon-based Hawkes process model helps to 1) infer the underlying relations shared by different Hawkes processes; and 2) simulate event sequences with different event types but similar dynamics. We learn the proposed model by minimizing the hierarchical optimal transport distance between the generated event sequences and the observed ones, leading to a novel reward-augmented maximum likelihood estimation method. We analyze the properties of our model in-depth and demonstrate its rationality and effectiveness in both theory and experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HMC, an Algorithms in Data Mining, the Functional Analysis approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02691">arxiv:2102.02691</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Soumyadip Ghosh, Yingdong Lu, Tomasz Nowicki</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The main purpose of this paper is to facilitate the communication between the Analytic, Probabilistic and Algorithmic communities.
  We present a proof of convergence of the Hamiltonian (Hybrid) Monte Carlo algorithm from the point of view of the
  Dynamical Systems, where the evolving objects are densities of probability distributions and the tool are derived from the Functional Analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TricycleGAN: Unsupervised Image Synthesis and Segmentation Based on Shape Priors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02690">arxiv:2102.02690</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Umaseh Sivanesan, Luis H. Braga, Ranil R. Sonnadara, Kiret Dhindsa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Medical image segmentation is routinely performed to isolate regions of interest, such as organs and lesions. Currently, deep learning is the state of the art for automatic segmentation, but is usually limited by the need for supervised training with large datasets that have been manually segmented by trained clinicians. The goal of semi-superised and unsupervised image segmentation is to greatly reduce, or even eliminate, the need for training data and therefore to minimze the burden on clinicians when training segmentation models. To this end we introduce a novel network architecture for capable of unsupervised and semi-supervised image segmentation called TricycleGAN. This approach uses three generative models to learn translations between medical images and segmentation maps using edge maps as an intermediate step. Distinct from other approaches based on generative networks, TricycleGAN relies on shape priors rather than colour and texture priors. As such, it is particularly well-suited for several domains of medical imaging, such as ultrasound imaging, where commonly used visual cues may be absent. We present experiments with TricycleGAN on a clinical dataset of kidney ultrasound images and the benchmark ISIC 2018 skin lesion dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Impossibility of Partial Recovery in the Graph Alignment Problem</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02685">arxiv:2102.02685</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Luca Ganassali, Laurent Massoulié, Marc Lelarge</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Random graph alignment refers to recovering the underlying vertex correspondence between two random graphs with correlated edges. This can be viewed as an average-case and noisy version of the well-known graph isomorphism problem. For the correlated Erdös-Rényi model, we prove an impossibility result for partial recovery in the sparse regime, with constant average degree and correlation, as well as a general bound on the maximal reachable overlap. Our bound is tight in the noiseless case (the graph isomorphism problem) and we conjecture that it is still tight with noise. Our proof technique relies on a careful application of the probabilistic method to build automorphisms between tree components of a subcritical Erdös-Rényi graph.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Asymptotically Exact and Fast Gaussian Copula Models for Imputation of Mixed Data Types</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02642">arxiv:2102.02642</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Benjamin Christoffersen, Mark Clements, Keith Humphreys, Hedvig Kjellström</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Missing values with mixed data types is a common problem in a large number of machine learning applications such as processing of surveys and in different medical applications. Recently, Gaussian copula models have been suggested as a means of performing imputation of missing values using a probabilistic framework. While the present Gaussian copula models have shown to yield state of the art performance, they have two limitations: they are based on an approximation that is fast but may be imprecise and they do not support unordered multinomial variables. We address the first limitation using direct and arbitrarily precise approximations both for model estimation and imputation by using randomized quasi-Monte Carlo procedures. The method we provide has lower errors for the estimated model parameters and the imputed values, compared to previously proposed methods. We also extend the previous Gaussian copula models to include unordered multinomial variables in addition to the present support of ordinal, binary, and continuous variables.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Low Bit-Rate Wideband Speech Coding: A Deep Generative Model based Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02640">arxiv:2102.02640</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Gang Min, Xiongwei Zhang, Xia Zou, Xiangyang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traditional low bit-rate speech coding approach only handles narrowband speech at 8kHz, which limits further improvements in speech quality. Motivated by recent successful exploration of deep learning methods for image and speech compression, this paper presents a new approach through vector quantization (VQ) of mel-frequency cepstral coefficients (MFCCs) and using a deep generative model called WaveGlow to provide efficient and high-quality speech coding. The coding feature is sorely an 80-dimension MFCCs vector for 16kHz wideband speech, then speech coding at the bit-rate throughout 1000-2000 bit/s could be scalably implemented by applying different VQ schemes for MFCCs vector. This new deep generative network based codec works fast as the WaveGlow model abandons the sample-by-sample autoregressive mechanism. We evaluated this new approach over the multi-speaker TIMIT corpus, and experimental results demonstrate that it provides better speech quality compared with the state-of-the-art classic MELPe codec at lower bit-rate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Universal Approximation Theorems of Fully Connected Binarized Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02631">arxiv:2102.02631</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mikail Yayla, Mario Günzel, Burim Ramosaj, Jian-Jia Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural networks (NNs) are known for their high predictive accuracy in complex learning problems. Beside practical advantages, NNs also indicate favourable theoretical properties such as universal approximation (UA) theorems. Binarized Neural Networks (BNNs) significantly reduce time and memory demands by restricting the weight and activation domains to two values. Despite the practical advantages, theoretical guarantees based on UA theorems of BNNs are rather sparse in the literature. We close this gap by providing UA theorems for fully connected BNNs under the following scenarios: (1) for binarized inputs, UA can be constructively achieved under one hidden layer; (2) for inputs with real numbers, UA can not be achieved under one hidden layer but can be constructively achieved under two hidden layers for Lipschitz-continuous functions. Our results indicate that fully connected BNNs can approximate functions universally, under certain conditions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimised one-class classification performance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02618">arxiv:2102.02618</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Oliver Urs Lenz, Daniel Peralta, Chris Cornelis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We provide a thorough treatment of one-class classification with hyperparameter optimisation for five data descriptors: Support Vector Machine (SVM), Nearest Neighbour Distance (NND), Localised Nearest Neighbour Distance (LNND), Local Outlier Factor (LOF) and Average Localised Proximity (ALP). The hyperparameters of SVM and LOF have to be optimised through cross-validation, while NND, LNND and ALP allow an efficient form of leave-one-out validation and the reuse of a single nearest-neighbour query. We experimentally evaluate the effect of hyperparameter optimisation with 246 classification problems drawn from 50 datasets. From a selection of optimisation algorithms, the recent Malherbe-Powell proposal optimises the hyperparameters of all data descriptors most efficiently. We calculate the increase in test AUROC and the amount of overfitting as a function of the number of hyperparameter evaluations. After 50 evaluations, ALP and SVM significantly outperform LOF, NND and LNND, and LOF and NND outperform LNND. The performance of ALP and SVM is comparable, but ALP can be optimised more efficiently so constitutes a good default choice. Alternatively, using validation AUROC as a selection criterion between ALP or SVM gives the best overall result, and NND is the least computationally demanding option. We thus end up with a clear trade-off between three choices, allowing practitioners to make an informed decision.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Temporal Cascade and Structural Modelling of EHRs for Granular Readmission Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02586">arxiv:2102.02586</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Bhagya Hettige, Weiqing Wang, Yuan-Fang Li, Suong Le, Wray Buntine</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Predicting (1) when the next hospital admission occurs and (2) what will happen in the next admission about a patient by mining electronic health record (EHR) data can provide granular readmission predictions to assist clinical decision making. Recurrent neural network (RNN) and point process models are usually employed in modelling temporal sequential data. Simple RNN models assume that sequences of hospital visits follow strict causal dependencies between consecutive visits. However, in the real-world, a patient may have multiple co-existing chronic medical conditions, i.e., multimorbidity, which results in a cascade of visits where a non-immediate historical visit can be most influential to the next visit. Although a point process (e.g., Hawkes process) is able to model a cascade temporal relationship, it strongly relies on a prior generative process assumption. We propose a novel model, MEDCAS, to address these challenges. MEDCAS combines the strengths of RNN-based models and point processes by integrating point processes in modelling visit types and time gaps into an attention-based sequence-to-sequence learning model, which is able to capture the temporal cascade relationships. To supplement the patients with short visit sequences, a structural modelling technique with graph-based methods is used to construct the markers of the point process in MEDCAS. Extensive experiments on three real-world EHR datasets have been performed and the results demonstrate that \texttt{MEDCAS} outperforms state-of-the-art models in both tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring Scale-Measures of Data Sets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02576">arxiv:2102.02576</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tom Hanika, Johannes Hirth</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Measurement is a fundamental building block of numerous scientific models and their creation. This is in particular true for data driven science. Due to the high complexity and size of modern data sets, the necessity for the development of understandable and efficient scaling methods is at hand. A profound theory for scaling data is scale-measures, as developed in the field of formal concept analysis. Recent developments indicate that the set of all scale-measures for a given data set constitutes a lattice and does hence allow efficient exploring algorithms. In this work we study the properties of said lattice and propose a novel scale-measure exploration algorithm that is based on the well-known and proven attribute exploration approach. Our results motivate multiple applications in scale recommendation, most prominently (semi-)automatic scaling.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FedAUX: Leveraging Unlabeled Auxiliary Data in Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02514">arxiv:2102.02514</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Felix Sattler, Tim Korjakow, Roman Rischke, Wojciech Samek</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated Distillation (FD) is a popular novel algorithmic paradigm for Federated Learning, which achieves training performance competitive to prior parameter averaging based methods, while additionally allowing the clients to train different model architectures, by distilling the client predictions on an unlabeled auxiliary set of data into a student model. In this work we propose FedAUX, an extension to FD, which, under the same set of assumptions, drastically improves performance by deriving maximum utility from the unlabeled auxiliary data. FedAUX modifies the FD training procedure in two ways: First, unsupervised pre-training on the auxiliary data is performed to find a model initialization for the distributed training. Second, $(\varepsilon, δ)$-differentially private certainty scoring is used to weight the ensemble predictions on the auxiliary data according to the certainty of each client model. Experiments on large-scale convolutional neural networks and transformer models demonstrate, that the training performance of FedAUX exceeds SOTA FL baseline methods by a substantial margin in both the iid and non-iid regime, further closing the gap to centralized training performance. Code is available at github.com/fedl-repo/fedaux.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>High-level Approaches to Detect Malicious Political Activity on Twitter</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.04293">arxiv:2102.04293</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Miguel Sozinho Ramalho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Our work represents another step into the detection and prevention of these ever-more present political manipulation efforts. We, therefore, start by focusing on understanding what the state-of-the-art approaches lack -- since the problem remains, this is a fair assumption. We find concerning issues within the current literature and follow a diverging path. Notably, by placing emphasis on using data features that are less susceptible to malicious manipulation and also on looking for high-level approaches that avoid a granularity level that is biased towards easy-to-spot and low impact cases.
  We designed and implemented a framework -- Twitter Watch -- that performs structured Twitter data collection, applying it to the Portuguese Twittersphere. We investigate a data snapshot taken on May 2020, with around 5 million accounts and over 120 million tweets (this value has since increased to over 175 million). The analyzed time period stretches from August 2019 to May 2020, with a focus on the Portuguese elections of October 6th, 2019. However, the Covid-19 pandemic showed itself in our data, and we also delve into how it affected typical Twitter behavior.
  We performed three main approaches: content-oriented, metadata-oriented, and network interaction-oriented. We learn that Twitter's suspension patterns are not adequate to the type of political trolling found in the Portuguese Twittersphere -- identified by this work and by an independent peer - nor to fake news posting accounts. We also surmised that the different types of malicious accounts we independently gathered are very similar both in terms of content and interaction, through two distinct analysis, and are simultaneously very distinct from regular accounts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AI Development for the Public Interest: From Abstraction Traps to Sociotechnical Risks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.04255">arxiv:2102.04255</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>McKane Andrus, Sarah Dean, Thomas Krendl Gilbert, Nathan Lambert, Tom Zick</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite interest in communicating ethical problems and social contexts within the undergraduate curriculum to advance Public Interest Technology (PIT) goals, interventions at the graduate level remain largely unexplored. This may be due to the conflicting ways through which distinct Artificial Intelligence (AI) research tracks conceive of their interface with social contexts. In this paper we track the historical emergence of sociotechnical inquiry in three distinct subfields of AI research: AI Safety, Fair Machine Learning (Fair ML) and Human-in-the-Loop (HIL) Autonomy. We show that for each subfield, perceptions of PIT stem from the particular dangers faced by past integration of technical systems within a normative social order. We further interrogate how these histories dictate the response of each subfield to conceptual traps, as defined in the Science and Technology Studies literature. Finally, through a comparative analysis of these currently siloed fields, we present a roadmap for a unified approach to sociotechnical graduate pedagogy in AI.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sign-RIP: A Robust Restricted Isometry Property for Low-rank Matrix Recovery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02969">arxiv:2102.02969</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jianhao Ma, Salar Fattahi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Restricted isometry property (RIP), essentially stating that the linear measurements are approximately norm-preserving, plays a crucial role in studying low-rank matrix recovery problem. However, RIP fails in the robust setting, when a subset of the measurements are grossly corrupted with noise. In this work, we propose a robust restricted isometry property, called Sign-RIP, and show its broad applications in robust low-rank matrix recovery. In particular, we show that Sign-RIP can guarantee the uniform convergence of the subdifferentials of the robust matrix recovery with nonsmooth loss function, even at the presence of arbitrarily dense and arbitrarily large outliers. Based on Sign-RIP, we characterize the location of the critical points in the robust rank-1 matrix recovery, and prove that they are either close to the true solution, or have small norm. Moreover, in the over-parameterized regime, where the rank of the true solution is over-estimated, we show that subgradient method converges to the true solution at a (nearly) dimension-free rate. Finally, we show that sign-RIP enjoys almost the same complexity as its classical counterparts, but provides significantly better robustness against noise.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Toward a Rational and Ethical Sociotechnical System of Autonomous Vehicles: A Novel Application of Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02928">arxiv:2102.02928</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Veljko Dubljević, George F. List, Jovan Milojevich, Nirav Ajmeri, William Bauer, Munindar P. Singh, Eleni Bardaka, Thomas Birkland, Charles Edwards, Roger Mayer, Ioan Muntean, Thomas Powers, Hesham Rakha, Vance Ricks, M. Shoaib Samandar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The expansion of artificial intelligence (AI) and autonomous systems has shown the potential to generate enormous social good while also raising serious ethical and safety concerns. AI technology is increasingly adopted in transportation. A survey of various in-vehicle technologies found that approximately 64% of the respondents used a smartphone application to assist with their travel. The top-used applications were navigation and real-time traffic information systems. Among those who used smartphones during their commutes, the top-used applications were navigation and entertainment. There is a pressing need to address relevant social concerns to allow for the development of systems of intelligent agents that are informed and cognizant of ethical standards. Doing so will facilitate the responsible integration of these systems in society. To this end, we have applied Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis (MCDA) to develop a formal Multi-Attribute Impact Assessment (MAIA) questionnaire for examining the social and ethical issues associated with the uptake of AI. We have focused on the domain of autonomous vehicles (AVs) because of their imminent expansion. However, AVs could serve as a stand-in for any domain where intelligent, autonomous agents interact with humans, either on an individual level (e.g., pedestrians, passengers) or a societal level.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PredCoin: Defense against Query-based Hard-label Attack</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02923">arxiv:2102.02923</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Junfeng Guo, Yaswanth Yadlapalli, Thiele Lothar, Ang Li, Cong Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many adversarial attacks and defenses have recently been proposed for Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). While most of them are in the white-box setting, which is impractical, a new class of query-based hard-label (QBHL) black-box attacks pose a significant threat to real-world applications (e.g., Google Cloud, Tencent API). Till now, there has been no generalizable and practical approach proposed to defend against such attacks.
  This paper proposes and evaluates PredCoin, a practical and generalizable method for providing robustness against QBHL attacks. PredCoin poisons the gradient estimation step, an essential component of most QBHL attacks. PredCoin successfully identifies gradient estimation queries crafted by an attacker and introduces uncertainty to the output. Extensive experiments show that PredCoin successfully defends against four state-of-the-art QBHL attacks across various settings and tasks while preserving the target model's overall accuracy.
  PredCoin is also shown to be robust and effective against several defense-aware attacks, which may have full knowledge regarding the internal mechanisms of PredCoin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning compatible Differentiable X-ray Projections for Inverse Rendering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02912">arxiv:2102.02912</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Karthik Shetty, Annette Birkhold, Norbert Strobel, Bernhard Egger, Srikrishna Jaganathan, Markus Kowarschik, Andreas Maier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many minimally invasive interventional procedures still rely on 2D fluoroscopic imaging. Generating a patient-specific 3D model from these X-ray projection data would allow to improve the procedural workflow, e.g. by providing assistance functions such as automatic positioning. To accomplish this, two things are required. First, a statistical human shape model of the human anatomy and second, a differentiable X-ray renderer. In this work, we propose a differentiable renderer by deriving the distance travelled by a ray inside mesh structures to generate a distance map. To demonstrate its functioning, we use it for simulating X-ray images from human shape models. Then we show its application by solving the inverse problem, namely reconstructing 3D models from real 2D fluoroscopy images of the pelvis, which is an ideal anatomical structure for patient registration. This is accomplished by an iterative optimization strategy using gradient descent. With the majority of the pelvis being in the fluoroscopic field of view, we achieve a mean Hausdorff distance of 30 mm between the reconstructed model and the ground truth segmentation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Feedback in Imitation Learning: The Three Regimes of Covariate Shift</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02872">arxiv:2102.02872</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jonathan Spencer, Sanjiban Choudhury, Arun Venkatraman, Brian Ziebart, J. Andrew Bagnell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Imitation learning practitioners have often noted that conditioning policies on previous actions leads to a dramatic divergence between "held out" error and performance of the learner in situ. Interactive approaches can provably address this divergence but require repeated querying of a demonstrator. Recent work identifies this divergence as stemming from a "causal confound" in predicting the current action, and seek to ablate causal aspects of current state using tools from causal inference. In this work, we argue instead that this divergence is simply another manifestation of covariate shift, exacerbated particularly by settings of feedback between decisions and input features. The learner often comes to rely on features that are strongly predictive of decisions, but are subject to strong covariate shift.
  Our work demonstrates a broad class of problems where this shift can be mitigated, both theoretically and practically, by taking advantage of a simulator but without any further querying of expert demonstration. We analyze existing benchmarks used to test imitation learning approaches and find that these benchmarks are realizable and simple and thus insufficient for capturing the harder regimes of error compounding seen in real-world decision making problems. We find, in a surprising contrast with previous literature, but consistent with our theory, that naive behavioral cloning provides excellent results. We detail the need for new standardized benchmarks that capture the phenomena seen in robotics problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Machine Learning for Auxiliary Sources</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02855">arxiv:2102.02855</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Daniele Casati</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We rewrite the numerical ansatz of the Method of Auxiliary Sources (MAS), typically used in computational electromagnetics, as a neural network, i.e. as a composed function of linear and activation layers. MAS is a numerical method for Partial Differential Equations (PDEs) that employs point sources, which are also exact solutions of the considered PDE, as radial basis functions to match a given boundary condition. In the framework of neural networks we rely on optimization algorithms such as Adam to train MAS and find both its optimal coefficients and positions of the central singularities of the sources. In this work we also show that the MAS ansatz trained as a neural network can be used, in the case of an unknown function with a central singularity, to detect the position of such singularity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated mmWave Beam Selection Utilizing LIDAR Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02802">arxiv:2102.02802</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mahdi Boloursaz Mashhadi, Mikolaj Jankowski, Tze-Yang Tung, Szymon Kobus, Deniz Gunduz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Efficient link configuration in millimeter wave (mmWave) communication systems is a crucial yet challenging task due to the overhead imposed by beam selection. For vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I) networks, side information from LIDAR sensors mounted on the vehicles has been leveraged to reduce the beam search overhead. In this letter, we propose a federated LIDAR aided beam selection method for V2I mmWave communication systems. In the proposed scheme, connected vehicles collaborate to train a shared neural network (NN) on their locally available LIDAR data during normal operation of the system. We also propose a reduced-complexity convolutional NN (CNN) classifier architecture and LIDAR preprocessing, which significantly outperforms previous works in terms of both the performance and the complexity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A 5 μW Standard Cell Memory-based Configurable Hyperdimensional Computing Accelerator for Always-on Smart Sensing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02758">arxiv:2102.02758</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Manuel Eggimann, Abbas Rahimi, Luca Benini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hyperdimensional computing (HDC) is a brain-inspired computing paradigm based on high-dimensional holistic representations of vectors. It recently gained attention for embedded smart sensing due to its inherent error-resiliency and suitability to highly parallel hardware implementations. In this work, we propose a programmable all-digital CMOS implementation of a fully autonomous HDC accelerator for always-on classification in energy-constrained sensor nodes. By using energy-efficient standard cell memory (SCM), the design is easily cross-technology mappable. It achieves extremely low power, 5 $μW$ in typical applications, and an energy-efficiency improvement over the state-of-the-art (SoA) digital architectures of up to 3$\times$ in post-layout simulations for always-on wearable tasks such as EMG gesture recognition. As part of the accelerator's architecture, we introduce novel hardware-friendly embodiments of common HDC-algorithmic primitives, which results in 3.3$\times$ technology scaled area reduction over the SoA, achieving the same accuracy levels in all examined targets. The proposed architecture also has a fully configurable datapath using microcode optimized for HDC stored on an integrated SCM based configuration memory, making the design "general-purpose" in terms of HDC algorithm flexibility. This flexibility allows usage of the accelerator across novel HDC tasks, for instance, a newly designed HDC applied to the task of ball bearing fault detection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep learning-based synthetic-CT generation in radiotherapy and PET: a review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02734">arxiv:2102.02734</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Maria Francesca Spadea, Matteo Maspero, Paolo Zaffino, Joao Seco</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, deep learning (DL)-based methods for the generation of synthetic computed tomography (sCT) have received significant research attention as an alternative to classical ones. We present here a systematic review of these methods by grouping them into three categories, according to their clinical applications: I) To replace CT in magnetic resonance (MR)-based treatment planning. II) Facilitate cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT)-based image-guided adaptive radiotherapy. III) Derive attenuation maps for the correction of positron emission tomography (PET). Appropriate database searching was performed on journal articles published between January 2014 and December 2020. The DL methods' key characteristics were extracted from each eligible study, and a comprehensive comparison among network architectures and metrics was reported. A detailed review of each category was given, highlighting essential contributions, identifying specific challenges, and summarising the achievements. Lastly, the statistics of all the cited works from various aspects were analysed, revealing the popularity and future trends, and the potential of DL-based sCT generation. The current status of DL-based sCT generation was evaluated, assessing the clinical readiness of the presented methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Feedback Capacity of Parallel ACGN Channels and Kalman Filter: Power Allocation with Feedback</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02730">arxiv:2102.02730</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Song Fang, Quanyan Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we relate the feedback capacity of parallel additive colored Gaussian noise (ACGN) channels to a variant of the Kalman filter. By doing so, we obtain lower bounds on the feedback capacity of such channels, as well as the corresponding feedback (recursive) coding schemes, which are essentially power allocation policies with feedback, to achieve the bounds. The results are seen to reduce to existing lower bounds in the case of a single ACGN feedback channel, whereas when it comes to parallel additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN) channels with feedback, the recursive coding scheme reduces to a feedback "water-filling" power allocation policy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Deep Collocation Method for the Bending Analysis of Kirchhoff Plate</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02617">arxiv:2102.02617</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hongwei Guo, Xiaoying Zhuang, Timon Rabczuk</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, a deep collocation method (DCM) for thin plate bending problems is proposed. This method takes advantage of computational graphs and backpropagation algorithms involved in deep learning. Besides, the proposed DCM is based on a feedforward deep neural network (DNN) and differs from most previous applications of deep learning for mechanical problems. First, batches of randomly distributed collocation points are initially generated inside the domain and along the boundaries. A loss function is built with the aim that the governing partial differential equations (PDEs) of Kirchhoff plate bending problems, and the boundary/initial conditions are minimised at those collocation points. A combination of optimizers is adopted in the backpropagation process to minimize the loss function so as to obtain the optimal hyperparameters. In Kirchhoff plate bending problems, the C1 continuity requirement poses significant difficulties in traditional mesh-based methods. This can be solved by the proposed DCM, which uses a deep neural network to approximate the continuous transversal deflection, and is proved to be suitable to the bending analysis of Kirchhoff plate of various geometries.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dual-embedding based Neural Collaborative Filtering for Recommender Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02549">arxiv:2102.02549</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Gongshan He, Dongxing Zhao, Lixin Ding</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Among various recommender techniques, collaborative filtering (CF) is the most successful one. And a key problem in CF is how to represent users and items. Previous works usually represent a user (an item) as a vector of latent factors (aka. \textit{embedding}) and then model the interactions between users and items based on the representations. Despite its effectiveness, we argue that it's insufficient to yield satisfactory embeddings for collaborative filtering. Inspired by the idea of SVD++ that represents users based on themselves and their interacted items, we propose a general collaborative filtering framework named DNCF, short for Dual-embedding based Neural Collaborative Filtering, to utilize historical interactions to enhance the representation. In addition to learning the primitive embedding for a user (an item), we introduce an additional embedding from the perspective of the interacted items (users) to augment the user (item) representation. Extensive experiments on four publicly datasets demonstrated the effectiveness of our proposed DNCF framework by comparing its performance with several traditional matrix factorization models and other state-of-the-art deep learning based recommender models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DIFFnet: Diffusion parameter mapping network generalized for input diffusion gradient schemes and bvalues</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02463">arxiv:2102.02463</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Juhung Park, Woojin Jung, Eun-Jung Choi, Se-Hong Oh, Dongmyung Shin, Hongjun An, Jongho Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In MRI, deep neural networks have been proposed to reconstruct diffusion model parameters. However, the inputs of the networks were designed for a specific diffusion gradient scheme (i.e., diffusion gradient directions and numbers) and a specific b-value that are the same as the training data. In this study, a new deep neural network, referred to as DIFFnet, is developed to function as a generalized reconstruction tool of the diffusion-weighted signals for various gradient schemes and b-values. For generalization, diffusion signals are normalized in a q-space and then projected and quantized, producing a matrix (Qmatrix) as an input for the network. To demonstrate the validity of this approach, DIFFnet is evaluated for diffusion tensor imaging (DIFFnetDTI) and for neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging (DIFFnetNODDI). In each model, two datasets with different gradient schemes and b-values are tested. The results demonstrate accurate reconstruction of the diffusion parameters at substantially reduced processing time (approximately 8.7 times and 2240 times faster processing time than conventional methods in DTI and NODDI, respectively; less than 4% mean normalized root-mean-square errors (NRMSE) in DTI and less than 8% in NODDI). The generalization capability of the networks was further validated using reduced numbers of diffusion signals from the datasets. Different from previously proposed deep neural networks, DIFFnet does not require any specific gradient scheme and b-value for its input. As a result, it can be adopted as an online reconstruction tool for various complex diffusion imaging.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AutoPilot: Automating SoC Design Space Exploration for SWaP Constrained Autonomous UAVs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02988">arxiv:2102.02988</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Srivatsan Krishnan, Zishen Wan, Kshitij Bhardwaj, Paul Whatmough, Aleksandra Faust, Sabrina Neuman, Gu-Yeon Wei, David Brooks, Vijay Janapa Reddi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Building domain-specific accelerators for autonomous unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) is challenging due to a lack of systematic methodology for designing onboard compute. Balancing a computing system for a UAV requires considering both the cyber (e.g., sensor rate, compute performance) and physical (e.g., payload weight) characteristics that affect overall performance. Iterating over the many component choices results in a combinatorial explosion of the number of possible combinations: from 10s of thousands to billions, depending on implementation details. Manually selecting combinations of these components is tedious and expensive. To navigate the {cyber-physical design space} efficiently, we introduce \emph{AutoPilot}, a framework that automates full-system UAV co-design. AutoPilot uses Bayesian optimization to navigate a large design space and automatically select a combination of autonomy algorithm and hardware accelerator while considering the cross-product effect of other cyber and physical UAV components. We show that the AutoPilot methodology consistently outperforms general-purpose hardware selections like Xavier NX and Jetson TX2, as well as dedicated hardware accelerators built for autonomous UAVs, across a range of representative scenarios (three different UAV types and three deployment environments). Designs generated by AutoPilot increase the number of missions on average by up to 2.25x, 1.62x, and 1.43x for nano, micro, and mini-UAVs respectively over baselines. Our work demonstrates the need for holistic full-UAV co-design to achieve maximum overall UAV performance and the need for automated flows to simplify the design process for autonomous cyber-physical systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Fourier Discrepancy Function</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02979">arxiv:2102.02979</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Auricchio Gennaro, Codegoni Andrea, Gualandi Stefano, Zambon Lorenzo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose the Fourier Discrepancy Function, a new discrepancy to compare discrete probability measures. We show that this discrepancy takes into account the geometry of the underlying space. We prove that the Fourier Discrepancy is convex, twice differentiable, and that its gradient has an explicit formula. We also provide a compelling statistical interpretation. Finally, we study the lower and upper tight bounds for the Fourier Discrepancy in terms of the Total Variation distance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analyzing the Generalization Capability of SGLD Using Properties of Gaussian Channels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02976">arxiv:2102.02976</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Hao Wang, Yizhe Huang, Rui Gao, Flavio P. Calmon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Optimization is a key component for training machine learning models and has a strong impact on their generalization. In this paper, we consider a particular optimization method -- the stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics (SGLD) algorithm -- and investigate the generalization of models trained by SGLD. We derive a new generalization bound by connecting SGLD with Gaussian channels found in information and communication theory. Our bound can be computed from the training data and incorporates the variance of gradients for quantifying a particular kind of "sharpness" of the loss landscape. We also consider a closely related algorithm with SGLD, namely differentially private SGD (DP-SGD). We prove that the generalization capability of DP-SGD can be amplified by iteration. Specifically, our bound can be sharpened by including a time-decaying factor if the DP-SGD algorithm outputs the last iterate while keeping other iterates hidden. This decay factor enables the contribution of early iterations to our bound to reduce with time and is established by strong data processing inequalities -- a fundamental tool in information theory. We demonstrate our bound through numerical experiments, showing that it can predict the behavior of the true generalization gap.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Alchemy: A benchmark and analysis toolkit for meta-reinforcement learning agents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02926">arxiv:2102.02926</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Jane X. Wang, Michael King, Nicolas Porcel, Zeb Kurth-Nelson, Tina Zhu, Charlie Deck, Peter Choy, Mary Cassin, Malcolm Reynolds, Francis Song, Gavin Buttimore, David P. Reichert, Neil Rabinowitz, Loic Matthey, Demis Hassabis, Alexander Lerchner, Matthew Botvinick</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There has been rapidly growing interest in meta-learning as a method for increasing the flexibility and sample efficiency of reinforcement learning. One problem in this area of research, however, has been a scarcity of adequate benchmark tasks. In general, the structure underlying past benchmarks has either been too simple to be inherently interesting, or too ill-defined to support principled analysis. In the present work, we introduce a new benchmark for meta-RL research, emphasizing transparency and potential for in-depth analysis as well as structural richness. Alchemy is a 3D video game, implemented in Unity, which involves a latent causal structure that is resampled procedurally from episode to episode, affording structure learning, online inference, hypothesis testing and action sequencing based on abstract domain knowledge. We evaluate a pair of powerful RL agents on Alchemy and present an in-depth analysis of one of these agents. Results clearly indicate a frank and specific failure of meta-learning, providing validation for Alchemy as a challenging benchmark for meta-RL. Concurrent with this report, we are releasing Alchemy as public resource, together with a suite of analysis tools and sample agent trajectories.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Importance of Models in Data Analysis with Small Human Movement Datasets -- Inspirations from Neurorobotics Applied to Posture Control of Humanoids and Humans</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02543">arxiv:2102.02543</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Vittorio Lippi, Christoph Maurer, Thomas Mergner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work presents a system identification procedure based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for human posture control using the DEC (Disturbance Estimation and Compensation) parametric model. The modular structure of the proposed control model inspired the design of a modular identification procedure, in the sense that the same neural network is used to identify the parameters of the modules controlling different degrees of freedom. In this way the presented examples of body sway induced by external stimuli provide several training samples at once.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hybrid Adversarial Imitation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.02454">arxiv:2102.02454</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Mingqi Yuan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Extrapolating beyond-demonstrator (BD) performance through the imitation learning (IL) algorithm aims to learn from and outperform the demonstrator. Most existing BDIL algorithms are performed in two stages by first inferring a reward function before learning a policy via reinforcement learning (RL). However, such two-stage BDIL algorithms suffer from high computational complexity, weak robustness, and large performance variations. In particular, a poor reward function derived in the first stage will inevitably incur severe performance loss in the second stage. In this work, we propose a hybrid adversarial imitation learning (HAIL) algorithm that is one-stage, model-free, generative-adversarial (GA) fashion and curiosity-driven. Thanks to the one-stage design, the HAIL can integrate both the reward function learning and the policy optimization into one procedure, which leads to many advantages such as low computational complexity, high robustness, and strong adaptability. More specifically, HAIL simultaneously imitates the demonstrator and explores BD performance by utilizing hybrid rewards. Extensive simulation results confirm that HAIL can achieve higher performance as compared to other similar BDIL algorithms.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page]({{ '/2021/02/03/2021.02.03.html' | relative_url }})
