Prev: [2022.11.27]({{ '/2022/11/27/2022.11.27.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.11.29]({{ '/2022/11/29/2022.11.29.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-11-28, created on 2022-12-05


<details><summary><b>Continuous diffusion for categorical data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15089">arxiv:2211.15089</a>
&#x1F4C8; 661 <br>
<p>Sander Dieleman, Laurent Sartran, Arman Roshannai, Nikolay Savinov, Yaroslav Ganin, Pierre H. Richemond, Arnaud Doucet, Robin Strudel, Chris Dyer, Conor Durkan, Curtis Hawthorne, Rémi Leblond, Will Grathwohl, Jonas Adler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Diffusion models have quickly become the go-to paradigm for generative modelling of perceptual signals (such as images and sound) through iterative refinement. Their success hinges on the fact that the underlying physical phenomena are continuous. For inherently discrete and categorical data such as language, various diffusion-inspired alternatives have been proposed. However, the continuous nature of diffusion models conveys many benefits, and in this work we endeavour to preserve it. We propose CDCD, a framework for modelling categorical data with diffusion models that are continuous both in time and input space. We demonstrate its efficacy on several language modelling tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Is Conditional Generative Modeling all you need for Decision-Making?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15657">arxiv:2211.15657</a>
&#x1F4C8; 151 <br>
<p>Anurag Ajay, Yilun Du, Abhi Gupta, Joshua Tenenbaum, Tommi Jaakkola, Pulkit Agrawal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent improvements in conditional generative modeling have made it possible to generate high-quality images from language descriptions alone. We investigate whether these methods can directly address the problem of sequential decision-making. We view decision-making not through the lens of reinforcement learning (RL), but rather through conditional generative modeling. To our surprise, we find that our formulation leads to policies that can outperform existing offline RL approaches across standard benchmarks. By modeling a policy as a return-conditional diffusion model, we illustrate how we may circumvent the need for dynamic programming and subsequently eliminate many of the complexities that come with traditional offline RL. We further demonstrate the advantages of modeling policies as conditional diffusion models by considering two other conditioning variables: constraints and skills. Conditioning on a single constraint or skill during training leads to behaviors at test-time that can satisfy several constraints together or demonstrate a composition of skills. Our results illustrate that conditional generative modeling is a powerful tool for decision-making.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Light Touch Approach to Teaching Transformers Multi-view Geometry</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15107">arxiv:2211.15107</a>
&#x1F4C8; 79 <br>
<p>Yash Bhalgat, Joao F. Henriques, Andrew Zisserman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transformers are powerful visual learners, in large part due to their conspicuous lack of manually-specified priors. This flexibility can be problematic in tasks that involve multiple-view geometry, due to the near-infinite possible variations in 3D shapes and viewpoints (requiring flexibility), and the precise nature of projective geometry (obeying rigid laws). To resolve this conundrum, we propose a "light touch" approach, guiding visual Transformers to learn multiple-view geometry but allowing them to break free when needed. We achieve this by using epipolar lines to guide the Transformer's cross-attention maps, penalizing attention values outside the epipolar lines and encouraging higher attention along these lines since they contain geometrically plausible matches. Unlike previous methods, our proposal does not require any camera pose information at test-time. We focus on pose-invariant object instance retrieval, where standard Transformer networks struggle, due to the large differences in viewpoint between query and retrieved images. Experimentally, our method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches at object retrieval, without needing pose information at test-time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ClueWeb22: 10 Billion Web Documents with Rich Information</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15848">arxiv:2211.15848</a>
&#x1F4C8; 59 <br>
<p>Arnold Overwijk, Chenyan Xiong, Xiao Liu, Cameron VandenBerg, Jamie Callan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** ClueWeb22, the newest iteration of the ClueWeb line of datasets, provides 10 billion web pages affiliated with rich information. Its design was influenced by the need for a high quality, large scale web corpus to support a range of academic and industry research, for example, in information systems, retrieval-augmented AI systems, and model pretraining. Compared with earlier ClueWeb corpora, the ClueWeb22 corpus is larger, more varied, of higher-quality, and aligned with the document distributions in commercial web search. Besides raw HTML, ClueWeb22 includes rich information about the web pages provided by industry-standard document understanding systems, including the visual representation of pages rendered by a web browser, parsed HTML structure information from a neural network parser, and pre-processed cleaned document text to lower the barrier to entry. Many of these signals have been widely used in industry but are available to the research community for the first time at this scale.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stochastic Steffensen method</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15310">arxiv:2211.15310</a>
&#x1F4C8; 55 <br>
<p>Minda Zhao, Zehua Lai, Lek-Heng Lim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Is it possible for a first-order method, i.e., only first derivatives allowed, to be quadratically convergent? For univariate loss functions, the answer is yes -- the Steffensen method avoids second derivatives and is still quadratically convergent like Newton method. By incorporating an optimal step size we can even push its convergence order beyond quadratic to $1+\sqrt{2} \approx 2.414$. While such high convergence orders are a pointless overkill for a deterministic algorithm, they become rewarding when the algorithm is randomized for problems of massive sizes, as randomization invariably compromises convergence speed. We will introduce two adaptive learning rates inspired by the Steffensen method, intended for use in a stochastic optimization setting and requires no hyperparameter tuning aside from batch size. Extensive experiments show that they compare favorably with several existing first-order methods. When restricted to a quadratic objective, our stochastic Steffensen methods reduce to randomized Kaczmarz method -- note that this is not true for SGD or SLBFGS -- and thus we may also view our methods as a generalization of randomized Kaczmarz to arbitrary objectives.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Study of Representational Properties of Unsupervised Anomaly Detection in Brain MRI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15527">arxiv:2211.15527</a>
&#x1F4C8; 32 <br>
<p>Ayantika Das, Arun Palla, Keerthi Ram, Mohanasankar Sivaprakasam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Anomaly detection in MRI is of high clinical value in imaging and diagnosis. Unsupervised methods for anomaly detection provide interesting formulations based on reconstruction or latent embedding, offering a way to observe properties related to factorization. We study four existing modeling methods, and report our empirical observations using simple data science tools, to seek outcomes from the perspective of factorization as it would be most relevant to the task of unsupervised anomaly detection, considering the case of brain structural MRI. Our study indicates that anomaly detection algorithms that exhibit factorization related properties are well capacitated with delineatory capabilities to distinguish between normal and anomaly data. We have validated our observations in multiple anomaly and normal datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conditional Progressive Generative Adversarial Network for satellite image generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15303">arxiv:2211.15303</a>
&#x1F4C8; 32 <br>
<p>Renato Cardoso, Sofia Vallecorsa, Edoardo Nemni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image generation and image completion are rapidly evolving fields, thanks to machine learning algorithms that are able to realistically replace missing pixels. However, generating large high resolution images, with a large level of details, presents important computational challenges. In this work, we formulate the image generation task as completion of an image where one out of three corners is missing. We then extend this approach to iteratively build larger images with the same level of detail. Our goal is to obtain a scalable methodology to generate high resolution samples typically found in satellite imagery data sets. We introduce a conditional progressive Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), that generates the missing tile in an image, using as input three initial adjacent tiles encoded in a latent vector by a Wasserstein auto-encoder. We focus on a set of images used by the United Nations Satellite Centre (UNOSAT) to train flood detection tools, and validate the quality of synthetic images in a realistic setup.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reinforced Genetic Algorithm for Structure-based Drug Design</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.16508">arxiv:2211.16508</a>
&#x1F4C8; 30 <br>
<p>Tianfan Fu, Wenhao Gao, Connor W. Coley, Jimeng Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Structure-based drug design (SBDD) aims to discover drug candidates by finding molecules (ligands) that bind tightly to a disease-related protein (targets), which is the primary approach to computer-aided drug discovery. Recently, applying deep generative models for three-dimensional (3D) molecular design conditioned on protein pockets to solve SBDD has attracted much attention, but their formulation as probabilistic modeling often leads to unsatisfactory optimization performance. On the other hand, traditional combinatorial optimization methods such as genetic algorithms (GA) have demonstrated state-of-the-art performance in various molecular optimization tasks. However, they do not utilize protein target structure to inform design steps but rely on a random-walk-like exploration, which leads to unstable performance and no knowledge transfer between different tasks despite the similar binding physics. To achieve a more stable and efficient SBDD, we propose Reinforced Genetic Algorithm (RGA) that uses neural models to prioritize the profitable design steps and suppress random-walk behavior. The neural models take the 3D structure of the targets and ligands as inputs and are pre-trained using native complex structures to utilize the knowledge of the shared binding physics from different targets and then fine-tuned during optimization. We conduct thorough empirical studies on optimizing binding affinity to various disease targets and show that RGA outperforms the baselines in terms of docking scores and is more robust to random initializations. The ablation study also indicates that the training on different targets helps improve performance by leveraging the shared underlying physics of the binding processes. The code is available at https://github.com/futianfan/reinforced-genetic-algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Beyond Invariance: Test-Time Label-Shift Adaptation for Distributions with "Spurious" Correlations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15646">arxiv:2211.15646</a>
&#x1F4C8; 21 <br>
<p>Qingyao Sun, Kevin Murphy, Sayna Ebrahimi, Alexander D'Amour</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spurious correlations, or correlations that change across domains where a model can be deployed, present significant challenges to real-world applications of machine learning models. However, such correlations are not always "spurious"; often, they provide valuable prior information for a prediction beyond what can be extracted from the input alone. Here, we present a test-time adaptation method that exploits the spurious correlation phenomenon, in contrast to recent approaches that attempt to eliminate spurious correlations through invariance. We consider situations where the prior distribution $p(y, z)$, which models the marginal dependence between the class label $y$ and the nuisance factors $z$, may change across domains, but the generative model for features $p(\mathbf{x}|y, z)$ is constant. We note that this is an expanded version of the label shift assumption, where the labels now also include the nuisance factors $z$. Based on this observation, we train a classifier to predict $p(y, z|\mathbf{x})$ on the source distribution, and implement a test-time label shift correction that adapts to changes in the marginal distribution $p(y, z)$ using unlabeled samples from the target domain. We call our method "Test-Time Label-Shift Adaptation" or TTLSA. We apply our method to two different image datasets -- the CheXpert chest X-ray dataset and the colored MNIST dataset -- and show that it gives better downstream results than methods that try to train classifiers which are invariant to the changes in prior distribution. Code reproducing experiments is available at https://github.com/nalzok/test-time-label-shift .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Application of the YOLOv5 Model for the Detection of Microobjects in the Marine Environment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15218">arxiv:2211.15218</a>
&#x1F4C8; 19 <br>
<p>Aleksandr N. Grekov, Yurii E. Shishkin, Sergei S. Peliushenko, Aleksandr S. Mavrin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The efficiency of using the YOLOV5 machine learning model for solving the problem of automatic de-tection and recognition of micro-objects in the marine environment is studied. Samples of microplankton and microplastics were prepared, according to which a database of classified images was collected for training an image recognition neural network. The results of experiments using a trained network to find micro-objects in photo and video images in real time are presented. Experimental studies have shown high efficiency, comparable to manual recognition, of the proposed model in solving problems of detect-ing micro-objects in the marine environment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Continuous Neural Algorithmic Planners</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15839">arxiv:2211.15839</a>
&#x1F4C8; 16 <br>
<p>Yu He, Petar Veličković, Pietro Liò, Andreea Deac</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural algorithmic reasoning studies the problem of learning algorithms with neural networks, especially with graph architectures. A recent proposal, XLVIN, reaps the benefits of using a graph neural network that simulates the value iteration algorithm in deep reinforcement learning agents. It allows model-free planning without access to privileged information about the environment, which is usually unavailable. However, XLVIN only supports discrete action spaces, and is hence nontrivially applicable to most tasks of real-world interest. We expand XLVIN to continuous action spaces by discretization, and evaluate several selective expansion policies to deal with the large planning graphs. Our proposal, CNAP, demonstrates how neural algorithmic reasoning can make a measurable impact in higher-dimensional continuous control settings, such as MuJoCo, bringing gains in low-data settings and outperforming model-free baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Synthetic Principal Component Design: Fast Covariate Balancing with Synthetic Controls</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15241">arxiv:2211.15241</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Yiping Lu, Jiajin Li, Lexing Ying, Jose Blanchet</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The optimal design of experiments typically involves solving an NP-hard combinatorial optimization problem. In this paper, we aim to develop a globally convergent and practically efficient optimization algorithm. Specifically, we consider a setting where the pre-treatment outcome data is available and the synthetic control estimator is invoked. The average treatment effect is estimated via the difference between the weighted average outcomes of the treated and control units, where the weights are learned from the observed data. {Under this setting, we surprisingly observed that the optimal experimental design problem could be reduced to a so-called \textit{phase synchronization} problem.} We solve this problem via a normalized variant of the generalized power method with spectral initialization. On the theoretical side, we establish the first global optimality guarantee for experiment design when pre-treatment data is sampled from certain data-generating processes. Empirically, we conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on both the US Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Abadie-Diemond-Hainmueller California Smoking Data. In terms of the root mean square error, our algorithm surpasses the random design by a large margin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automated Detection of Dolphin Whistles with Convolutional Networks and Transfer Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15406">arxiv:2211.15406</a>
&#x1F4C8; 12 <br>
<p>Burla Nur Korkmaz, Roee Diamant, Gil Danino, Alberto Testolin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Effective conservation of maritime environments and wildlife management of endangered species require the implementation of efficient, accurate and scalable solutions for environmental monitoring. Ecoacoustics offers the advantages of non-invasive, long-duration sampling of environmental sounds and has the potential to become the reference tool for biodiversity surveying. However, the analysis and interpretation of acoustic data is a time-consuming process that often requires a great amount of human supervision. This issue might be tackled by exploiting modern techniques for automatic audio signal analysis, which have recently achieved impressive performance thanks to the advances in deep learning research. In this paper we show that convolutional neural networks can indeed significantly outperform traditional automatic methods in a challenging detection task: identification of dolphin whistles from underwater audio recordings. The proposed system can detect signals even in the presence of ambient noise, at the same time consistently reducing the likelihood of producing false positives and false negatives. Our results further support the adoption of artificial intelligence technology to improve the automatic monitoring of marine ecosystems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural networks: solving the chemistry of the interstellar medium</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15688">arxiv:2211.15688</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Lorenzo Branca, Andrea Pallottini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Non-equilibrium chemistry is a key process in the study of the InterStellar Medium (ISM), in particular the formation of molecular clouds and thus stars. However, computationally it is among the most difficult tasks to include in astrophysical simulations, because of the typically high (>40) number of reactions, the short evolutionary timescales (about $10^4$ times less than the ISM dynamical time) and the characteristic non-linearity and stiffness of the associated Ordinary Differential Equations system (ODEs). In this proof of concept work, we show that Physics Informed Neural Networks (PINN) are a viable alternative to traditional ODE time integrators for stiff thermo-chemical systems, i.e. up to molecular hydrogen formation (9 species and 46 reactions). Testing different chemical networks in a wide range of densities ($-2< \log n/{\rm cm}^{-3}< 3$) and temperatures ($1 < \log T/{\rm K}< 5$), we find that a basic architecture can give a comfortable convergence only for simplified chemical systems: to properly capture the sudden chemical and thermal variations a Deep Galerkin Method is needed. Once trained ($\sim 10^3$ GPUhr), the PINN well reproduces the strong non-linear nature of the solutions (errors $\lesssim 10\%$) and can give speed-ups up to a factor of $\sim 200$ with respect to traditional ODE solvers. Further, the latter have completion times that vary by about $\sim 30\%$ for different initial $n$ and $T$, while the PINN method gives negligible variations. Both the speed-up and the potential improvement in load balancing imply that PINN-powered simulations are a very palatable way to solve complex chemical calculation in astrophysical and cosmological problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lightning Fast Video Anomaly Detection via Adversarial Knowledge Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15597">arxiv:2211.15597</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Nicolae-Catalin Ristea, Florinel-Alin Croitoru, Dana Dascalescu, Radu Tudor Ionescu, Fahad Shahbaz Khan, Mubarak Shah</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a very fast frame-level model for anomaly detection in video, which learns to detect anomalies by distilling knowledge from multiple highly accurate object-level teacher models. To improve the fidelity of our student, we distill the low-resolution anomaly maps of the teachers by jointly applying standard and adversarial distillation, introducing an adversarial discriminator for each teacher to distinguish between target and generated anomaly maps. We conduct experiments on three benchmarks (Avenue, ShanghaiTech, UCSD Ped2), showing that our method is over 7 times faster than the fastest competing method, and between 28 and 62 times faster than object-centric models, while obtaining comparable results to recent methods. Our evaluation also indicates that our model achieves the best trade-off between speed and accuracy, due to its previously unheard-of speed of 1480 FPS. In addition, we carry out a comprehensive ablation study to justify our architectural design choices.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transductive Kernels for Gaussian Processes on Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15322">arxiv:2211.15322</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Yin-Cong Zhi, Felix L. Opolka, Yin Cheng Ng, Pietro Liò, Xiaowen Dong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Kernels on graphs have had limited options for node-level problems. To address this, we present a novel, generalized kernel for graphs with node feature data for semi-supervised learning. The kernel is derived from a regularization framework by treating the graph and feature data as two Hilbert spaces. We also show how numerous kernel-based models on graphs are instances of our design. A kernel defined this way has transductive properties, and this leads to improved ability to learn on fewer training points, as well as better handling of highly non-Euclidean data. We demonstrate these advantages using synthetic data where the distribution of the whole graph can inform the pattern of the labels. Finally, by utilizing a flexible polynomial of the graph Laplacian within the kernel, the model also performed effectively in semi-supervised classification on graphs of various levels of homophily.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalized Category Discovery with Decoupled Prototypical Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15115">arxiv:2211.15115</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Wenbin An, Feng Tian, Qinghua Zheng, Wei Ding, QianYing Wang, Ping Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generalized Category Discovery (GCD) aims to recognize both known and novel categories from a set of unlabeled data, based on another dataset labeled with only known categories. Without considering differences between known and novel categories, current methods learn about them in a coupled manner, which can hurt model's generalization and discriminative ability. Furthermore, the coupled training approach prevents these models transferring category-specific knowledge explicitly from labeled data to unlabeled data, which can lose high-level semantic information and impair model performance. To mitigate above limitations, we present a novel model called Decoupled Prototypical Network (DPN). By formulating a bipartite matching problem for category prototypes, DPN can not only decouple known and novel categories to achieve different training targets effectively, but also align known categories in labeled and unlabeled data to transfer category-specific knowledge explicitly and capture high-level semantics. Furthermore, DPN can learn more discriminative features for both known and novel categories through our proposed Semantic-aware Prototypical Learning (SPL). Besides capturing meaningful semantic information, SPL can also alleviate the noise of hard pseudo labels through semantic-weighted soft assignment. Extensive experiments show that DPN outperforms state-of-the-art models by a large margin on all evaluation metrics across multiple benchmark datasets. Code and data are available at https://github.com/Lackel/DPN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PAC Verification of Statistical Algorithms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.17096">arxiv:2211.17096</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Saachi Mutreja, Jonathan Shafer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Goldwasser et al.\ (2021) recently proposed the setting of PAC verification, where a hypothesis (machine learning model) that purportedly satisfies the agnostic PAC learning objective is verified using an interactive proof. In this paper we develop this notion further in a number of ways. First, we prove a lower bound for PAC verification of $Ω(\sqrt{d})$ i.i.d.\ samples for hypothesis classes of VC dimension $d$. Second, we present a protocol for PAC verification of unions of intervals over $\mathbb{R}$ that improves upon their proposed protocol for that task, and matches our lower bound. Third, we introduce a natural generalization of their definition to verification of general statistical algorithms, which is applicable to a wider variety of practical algorithms beyond agnostic PAC learning. Showcasing our proposed definition, our final result is a protocol for the verification of statistical query algorithms that satisfy a combinatorial constraint on their queries.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mutual Exclusivity Training and Primitive Augmentation to Induce Compositionality</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15578">arxiv:2211.15578</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Yichen Jiang, Xiang Zhou, Mohit Bansal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent datasets expose the lack of the systematic generalization ability in standard sequence-to-sequence models. In this work, we analyze this behavior of seq2seq models and identify two contributing factors: a lack of mutual exclusivity bias (i.e., a source sequence already mapped to a target sequence is less likely to be mapped to other target sequences), and the tendency to memorize whole examples rather than separating structures from contents. We propose two techniques to address these two issues respectively: Mutual Exclusivity Training that prevents the model from producing seen generations when facing novel, unseen examples via an unlikelihood-based loss; and prim2primX data augmentation that automatically diversifies the arguments of every syntactic function to prevent memorizing and provide a compositional inductive bias without exposing test-set data. Combining these two techniques, we show substantial empirical improvements using standard sequence-to-sequence models (LSTMs and Transformers) on two widely-used compositionality datasets: SCAN and COGS. Finally, we provide analysis characterizing the improvements as well as the remaining challenges, and provide detailed ablations of our method. Our code is available at https://github.com/owenzx/met-primaug

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Perceive, Ground, Reason, and Act: A Benchmark for General-purpose Visual Representation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15402">arxiv:2211.15402</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Jiangyong Huang, William Yicheng Zhu, Baoxiong Jia, Zan Wang, Xiaojian Ma, Qing Li, Siyuan Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Current computer vision models, unlike the human visual system, cannot yet achieve general-purpose visual understanding. Existing efforts to create a general vision model are limited in the scope of assessed tasks and offer no overarching framework to perform them holistically. We present a new comprehensive benchmark, General-purpose Visual Understanding Evaluation (G-VUE), covering the full spectrum of visual cognitive abilities with four functional domains $\unicode{x2014}$ Perceive, Ground, Reason, and Act. The four domains are embodied in 11 carefully curated tasks, from 3D reconstruction to visual reasoning and manipulation. Along with the benchmark, we provide a general encoder-decoder framework to allow for the evaluation of arbitrary visual representation on all 11 tasks. We evaluate various pre-trained visual representations with our framework and observe that (1) Transformer-based visual backbone generally outperforms CNN-based backbone on G-VUE, (2) visual representations from vision-language pre-training are superior to those with vision-only pre-training across visual tasks. With G-VUE, we provide a holistic evaluation standard to motivate research toward building general-purpose visual systems via obtaining more general-purpose visual representations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Call to Reflect on Evaluation Practices for Failure Detection in Image Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15259">arxiv:2211.15259</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Paul F. Jaeger, Carsten T. Lüth, Lukas Klein, Till J. Bungert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reliable application of machine learning-based decision systems in the wild is one of the major challenges currently investigated by the field. A large portion of established approaches aims to detect erroneous predictions by means of assigning confidence scores. This confidence may be obtained by either quantifying the model's predictive uncertainty, learning explicit scoring functions, or assessing whether the input is in line with the training distribution. Curiously, while these approaches all state to address the same eventual goal of detecting failures of a classifier upon real-life application, they currently constitute largely separated research fields with individual evaluation protocols, which either exclude a substantial part of relevant methods or ignore large parts of relevant failure sources. In this work, we systematically reveal current pitfalls caused by these inconsistencies and derive requirements for a holistic and realistic evaluation of failure detection. To demonstrate the relevance of this unified perspective, we present a large-scale empirical study for the first time enabling benchmarking confidence scoring functions w.r.t all relevant methods and failure sources. The revelation of a simple softmax response baseline as the overall best performing method underlines the drastic shortcomings of current evaluation in the abundance of publicized research on confidence scoring. Code and trained models are at https://github.com/IML-DKFZ/fd-shifts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Heterogeneous Graph Learning for Multi-modal Medical Data Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15158">arxiv:2211.15158</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Sein Kim, Namkyeong Lee, Junseok Lee, Dongmin Hyun, Chanyoung Park</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Routine clinical visits of a patient produce not only image data, but also non-image data containing clinical information regarding the patient, i.e., medical data is multi-modal in nature. Such heterogeneous modalities offer different and complementary perspectives on the same patient, resulting in more accurate clinical decisions when they are properly combined. However, despite its significance, how to effectively fuse the multi-modal medical data into a unified framework has received relatively little attention. In this paper, we propose an effective graph-based framework called HetMed (Heterogeneous Graph Learning for Multi-modal Medical Data Analysis) for fusing the multi-modal medical data. Specifically, we construct a multiplex network that incorporates multiple types of non-image features of patients to capture the complex relationship between patients in a systematic way, which leads to more accurate clinical decisions. Extensive experiments on various real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority and practicality of HetMed. The source code for HetMed is available at https://github.com/Sein-Kim/Multimodal-Medical.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FakeEdge: Alleviate Dataset Shift in Link Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15899">arxiv:2211.15899</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Kaiwen Dong, Yijun Tian, Zhichun Guo, Yang Yang, Nitesh V. Chawla</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Link prediction is a crucial problem in graph-structured data. Due to the recent success of graph neural networks (GNNs), a variety of GNN-based models were proposed to tackle the link prediction task. Specifically, GNNs leverage the message passing paradigm to obtain node representation, which relies on link connectivity. However, in a link prediction task, links in the training set are always present while ones in the testing set are not yet formed, resulting in a discrepancy of the connectivity pattern and bias of the learned representation. It leads to a problem of dataset shift which degrades the model performance. In this paper, we first identify the dataset shift problem in the link prediction task and provide theoretical analyses on how existing link prediction methods are vulnerable to it. We then propose FakeEdge, a model-agnostic technique, to address the problem by mitigating the graph topological gap between training and testing sets. Extensive experiments demonstrate the applicability and superiority of FakeEdge on multiple datasets across various domains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Guiding Neural Entity Alignment with Compatibility</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15833">arxiv:2211.15833</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Bing Liu, Harrisen Scells, Wen Hua, Guido Zuccon, Genghong Zhao, Xia Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Entity Alignment (EA) aims to find equivalent entities between two Knowledge Graphs (KGs). While numerous neural EA models have been devised, they are mainly learned using labelled data only. In this work, we argue that different entities within one KG should have compatible counterparts in the other KG due to the potential dependencies among the entities. Making compatible predictions thus should be one of the goals of training an EA model along with fitting the labelled data: this aspect however is neglected in current methods. To power neural EA models with compatibility, we devise a training framework by addressing three problems: (1) how to measure the compatibility of an EA model; (2) how to inject the property of being compatible into an EA model; (3) how to optimise parameters of the compatibility model. Extensive experiments on widely-used datasets demonstrate the advantages of integrating compatibility within EA models. In fact, state-of-the-art neural EA models trained within our framework using just 5\% of the labelled data can achieve comparable effectiveness with supervised training using 20\% of the labelled data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decentralized Learning with Multi-Headed Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15774">arxiv:2211.15774</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Andrey Zhmoginov, Mark Sandler, Nolan Miller, Gus Kristiansen, Max Vladymyrov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Decentralized learning with private data is a central problem in machine learning. We propose a novel distillation-based decentralized learning technique that allows multiple agents with private non-iid data to learn from each other, without having to share their data, weights or weight updates. Our approach is communication efficient, utilizes an unlabeled public dataset and uses multiple auxiliary heads for each client, greatly improving training efficiency in the case of heterogeneous data. This approach allows individual models to preserve and enhance performance on their private tasks while also dramatically improving their performance on the global aggregated data distribution. We study the effects of data and model architecture heterogeneity and the impact of the underlying communication graph topology on learning efficiency and show that our agents can significantly improve their performance compared to learning in isolation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Causal Deep Reinforcement Learning using Observational Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15355">arxiv:2211.15355</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Wenxuan Zhu, Chao Yu, Qiang Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) requires the collection of plenty of interventional data, which is sometimes expensive and even unethical in the real world, such as in the autonomous driving and the medical field. Offline reinforcement learning promises to alleviate this issue by exploiting the vast amount of observational data available in the real world. However, observational data may mislead the learning agent to undesirable outcomes if the behavior policy that generates the data depends on unobserved random variables (i.e., confounders). In this paper, we propose two deconfounding methods in DRL to address this problem. The methods first calculate the importance degree of different samples based on the causal inference technique, and then adjust the impact of different samples on the loss function by reweighting or resampling the offline dataset to ensure its unbiasedness. These deconfounding methods can be flexibly combined with the existing model-free DRL algorithms such as soft actor-critic and deep Q-learning, provided that a weak condition can be satisfied by the loss functions of these algorithms. We prove the effectiveness of our deconfounding methods and validate them experimentally.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Revisiting Distance Metric Learning for Few-Shot Natural Language Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15202">arxiv:2211.15202</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Witold Sosnowski, Anna Wróblewska, Karolina Seweryn, Piotr Gawrysiak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Distance Metric Learning (DML) has attracted much attention in image processing in recent years. This paper analyzes its impact on supervised fine-tuning language models for Natural Language Processing (NLP) classification tasks under few-shot learning settings. We investigated several DML loss functions in training RoBERTa language models on known SentEval Transfer Tasks datasets. We also analyzed the possibility of using proxy-based DML losses during model inference.
  Our systematic experiments have shown that under few-shot learning settings, particularly proxy-based DML losses can positively affect the fine-tuning and inference of a supervised language model. Models tuned with a combination of CCE (categorical cross-entropy loss) and ProxyAnchor Loss have, on average, the best performance and outperform models with only CCE by about 3.27 percentage points -- up to 10.38 percentage points depending on the training dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Long-tail Cross Modal Hashing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15162">arxiv:2211.15162</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Zijun Gao, Jun Wang, Guoxian Yu, Zhongmin Yan, Carlotta Domeniconi, Jinglin Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing Cross Modal Hashing (CMH) methods are mainly designed for balanced data, while imbalanced data with long-tail distribution is more general in real-world. Several long-tail hashing methods have been proposed but they can not adapt for multi-modal data, due to the complex interplay between labels and individuality and commonality information of multi-modal data. Furthermore, CMH methods mostly mine the commonality of multi-modal data to learn hash codes, which may override tail labels encoded by the individuality of respective modalities. In this paper, we propose LtCMH (Long-tail CMH) to handle imbalanced multi-modal data. LtCMH firstly adopts auto-encoders to mine the individuality and commonality of different modalities by minimizing the dependency between the individuality of respective modalities and by enhancing the commonality of these modalities. Then it dynamically combines the individuality and commonality with direct features extracted from respective modalities to create meta features that enrich the representation of tail labels, and binaries meta features to generate hash codes. LtCMH significantly outperforms state-of-the-art baselines on long-tail datasets and holds a better (or comparable) performance on datasets with balanced labels.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Refined Semantic Enhancement towards Frequency Diffusion for Video Captioning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15076">arxiv:2211.15076</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Xian Zhong, Zipeng Li, Shuqin Chen, Kui Jiang, Chen Chen, Mang Ye</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video captioning aims to generate natural language sentences that describe the given video accurately. Existing methods obtain favorable generation by exploring richer visual representations in encode phase or improving the decoding ability. However, the long-tailed problem hinders these attempts at low-frequency tokens, which rarely occur but carry critical semantics, playing a vital role in the detailed generation. In this paper, we introduce a novel Refined Semantic enhancement method towards Frequency Diffusion (RSFD), a captioning model that constantly perceives the linguistic representation of the infrequent tokens. Concretely, a Frequency-Aware Diffusion (FAD) module is proposed to comprehend the semantics of low-frequency tokens to break through generation limitations. In this way, the caption is refined by promoting the absorption of tokens with insufficient occurrence. Based on FAD, we design a Divergent Semantic Supervisor (DSS) module to compensate for the information loss of high-frequency tokens brought by the diffusion process, where the semantics of low-frequency tokens is further emphasized to alleviate the long-tailed problem. Extensive experiments indicate that RSFD outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on two benchmark datasets, i.e., MSR-VTT and MSVD, demonstrate that the enhancement of low-frequency tokens semantics can obtain a competitive generation effect. Code is available at https://github.com/lzp870/RSFD.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Backdoor Vulnerabilities in Normally Trained Deep Learning Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15929">arxiv:2211.15929</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Guanhong Tao, Zhenting Wang, Siyuan Cheng, Shiqing Ma, Shengwei An, Yingqi Liu, Guangyu Shen, Zhuo Zhang, Yunshu Mao, Xiangyu Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We conduct a systematic study of backdoor vulnerabilities in normally trained Deep Learning models. They are as dangerous as backdoors injected by data poisoning because both can be equally exploited. We leverage 20 different types of injected backdoor attacks in the literature as the guidance and study their correspondences in normally trained models, which we call natural backdoor vulnerabilities. We find that natural backdoors are widely existing, with most injected backdoor attacks having natural correspondences. We categorize these natural backdoors and propose a general detection framework. It finds 315 natural backdoors in the 56 normally trained models downloaded from the Internet, covering all the different categories, while existing scanners designed for injected backdoors can at most detect 65 backdoors. We also study the root causes and defense of natural backdoors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Training Time Adversarial Attack Aiming the Vulnerability of Continual Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15875">arxiv:2211.15875</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Gyojin Han, Jaehyun Choi, Hyeong Gwon Hong, Junmo Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generally, regularization-based continual learning models limit access to the previous task data to imitate the real-world setting which has memory and privacy issues. However, this introduces a problem in these models by not being able to track the performance on each task. In other words, current continual learning methods are vulnerable to attacks done on the previous task. We demonstrate the vulnerability of regularization-based continual learning methods by presenting simple task-specific training time adversarial attack that can be used in the learning process of a new task. Training data generated by the proposed attack causes performance degradation on a specific task targeted by the attacker. Experiment results justify the vulnerability proposed in this paper and demonstrate the importance of developing continual learning models that are robust to adversarial attack.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lifelong Embedding Learning and Transfer for Growing Knowledge Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15845">arxiv:2211.15845</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Yuanning Cui, Yuxin Wang, Zequn Sun, Wenqiang Liu, Yiqiao Jiang, Kexin Han, Wei Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing knowledge graph (KG) embedding models have primarily focused on static KGs. However, real-world KGs do not remain static, but rather evolve and grow in tandem with the development of KG applications. Consequently, new facts and previously unseen entities and relations continually emerge, necessitating an embedding model that can quickly learn and transfer new knowledge through growth. Motivated by this, we delve into an expanding field of KG embedding in this paper, i.e., lifelong KG embedding. We consider knowledge transfer and retention of the learning on growing snapshots of a KG without having to learn embeddings from scratch. The proposed model includes a masked KG autoencoder for embedding learning and update, with an embedding transfer strategy to inject the learned knowledge into the new entity and relation embeddings, and an embedding regularization method to avoid catastrophic forgetting. To investigate the impacts of different aspects of KG growth, we construct four datasets to evaluate the performance of lifelong KG embedding. Experimental results show that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art inductive and lifelong embedding baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Survey on Self-Supervised Multimodal Representation Learning and Foundation Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15837">arxiv:2211.15837</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Sushil Thapa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning has been the subject of growing interest in recent years. Specifically, a specific type called Multimodal learning has shown great promise for solving a wide range of problems in domains such as language, vision, audio, etc. One promising research direction to improve this further has been learning rich and robust low-dimensional data representation of the high-dimensional world with the help of large-scale datasets present on the internet. Because of its potential to avoid the cost of annotating large-scale datasets, self-supervised learning has been the de facto standard for this task in recent years. This paper summarizes some of the landmark research papers that are directly or indirectly responsible to build the foundation of multimodal self-supervised learning of representation today. The paper goes over the development of representation learning over the last few years for each modality and how they were combined to get a multimodal agent later.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Personalized Reward Learning with Interaction-Grounded Learning (IGL)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15823">arxiv:2211.15823</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Jessica Maghakian, Paul Mineiro, Kishan Panaganti, Mark Rucker, Akanksha Saran, Cheng Tan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In an era of countless content offerings, recommender systems alleviate information overload by providing users with personalized content suggestions. Due to the scarcity of explicit user feedback, modern recommender systems typically optimize for the same fixed combination of implicit feedback signals across all users. However, this approach disregards a growing body of work highlighting that (i) implicit signals can be used by users in diverse ways, signaling anything from satisfaction to active dislike, and (ii) different users communicate preferences in different ways. We propose applying the recent Interaction Grounded Learning (IGL) paradigm to address the challenge of learning representations of diverse user communication modalities. Rather than taking a fixed, human-designed reward function, IGL is able to learn personalized reward functions for different users and then optimize directly for the latent user satisfaction. We demonstrate the success of IGL with experiments using simulations as well as with real-world production traces.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exoplanet Detection by Machine Learning with Data Augmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15577">arxiv:2211.15577</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Koray Aydoğan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It has recently been demonstrated that deep learning has significant potential to automate parts of the exoplanet detection pipeline using light curve data from satellites such as Kepler \cite{borucki2010kepler} \cite{koch2010kepler} and NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) \cite{ricker2010transiting}. Unfortunately, the smallness of the available datasets makes it difficult to realize the level of performance one expects from powerful network architectures.
  In this paper, we investigate the use of data augmentation techniques on light curve data from to train neural networks to identify exoplanets. The augmentation techniques used are of two classes: Simple (e.g. additive noise augmentation) and learning-based (e.g. first training a GAN \cite{goodfellow2020generative} to generate new examples). We demonstrate that data augmentation has a potential to improve model performance for the exoplanet detection problem, and recommend the use of augmentation based on generative models as more data becomes available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sentiment analysis and opinion mining on E-commerce site</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15536">arxiv:2211.15536</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Fatema Tuz Zohra Anny, Oahidul Islam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sentiment analysis or opinion mining help to illustrate the phrase NLP (Natural Language Processing). Sentiment analysis has been the most significant topic in recent years. The goal of this study is to solve the sentiment polarity classification challenges in sentiment analysis. A broad technique for categorizing sentiment opposition is presented, along with comprehensive process explanations. With the results of the analysis, both sentence-level classification and review-level categorization are conducted. Finally, we discuss our plans for future sentiment analysis research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physics-informed neural networks with unknown measurement noise</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15498">arxiv:2211.15498</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Philipp Pilar, Niklas Wahlström</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Physics-informed neural networks (PINNs) constitute a flexible approach to both finding solutions and identifying parameters of partial differential equations. Most works on the topic assume noiseless data, or data contaminated by weak Gaussian noise. We show that the standard PINN framework breaks down in case of non-Gaussian noise. We give a way of resolving this fundamental issue and we propose to jointly train an energy-based model (EBM) to learn the correct noise distribution. We illustrate the improved performance of our approach using multiple examples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Meta-analysis of individualized treatment rules via sign-coherency</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15476">arxiv:2211.15476</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Jay Jojo Cheng, Jared D. Huling, Guanhua Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Medical treatments tailored to a patient's baseline characteristics hold the potential of improving patient outcomes while reducing negative side effects. Learning individualized treatment rules (ITRs) often requires aggregation of multiple datasets(sites); however, current ITR methodology does not take between-site heterogeneity into account, which can hurt model generalizability when deploying back to each site. To address this problem, we develop a method for individual-level meta-analysis of ITRs, which jointly learns site-specific ITRs while borrowing information about feature sign-coherency via a scientifically-motivated directionality principle. We also develop an adaptive procedure for model tuning, using information criteria tailored to the ITR learning problem. We study the proposed methods through numerical experiments to understand their performance under different levels of between-site heterogeneity and apply the methodology to estimate ITRs in a large multi-center database of electronic health records. This work extends several popular methodologies for estimating ITRs (A-learning, weighted learning) to the multiple-sites setting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Context-Adaptive Deep Neural Networks via Bridge-Mode Connectivity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15436">arxiv:2211.15436</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Nathan Drenkow, Alvin Tan, Chace Ashcraft, Kiran Karra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The deployment of machine learning models in safety-critical applications comes with the expectation that such models will perform well over a range of contexts (e.g., a vision model for classifying street signs should work in rural, city, and highway settings under varying lighting/weather conditions). However, these one-size-fits-all models are typically optimized for average case performance, encouraging them to achieve high performance in nominal conditions but exposing them to unexpected behavior in challenging or rare contexts. To address this concern, we develop a new method for training context-dependent models. We extend Bridge-Mode Connectivity (BMC) (Garipov et al., 2018) to train an infinite ensemble of models over a continuous measure of context such that we can sample model parameters specifically tuned to the corresponding evaluation context. We explore the definition of context in image classification tasks through multiple lenses including changes in the risk profile, long-tail image statistics/appearance, and context-dependent distribution shift. We develop novel extensions of the BMC optimization for each of these cases and our experiments demonstrate that model performance can be successfully tuned to context in each scenario.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Task-Aware Asynchronous Multi-Task Model with Class Incremental Contrastive Learning for Surgical Scene Understanding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15327">arxiv:2211.15327</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Lalithkumar Seenivasan, Mobarakol Islam, Mengya Xu, Chwee Ming Lim, Hongliang Ren</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Purpose: Surgery scene understanding with tool-tissue interaction recognition and automatic report generation can play an important role in intra-operative guidance, decision-making and postoperative analysis in robotic surgery. However, domain shifts between different surgeries with inter and intra-patient variation and novel instruments' appearance degrade the performance of model prediction. Moreover, it requires output from multiple models, which can be computationally expensive and affect real-time performance.
  Methodology: A multi-task learning (MTL) model is proposed for surgical report generation and tool-tissue interaction prediction that deals with domain shift problems. The model forms of shared feature extractor, mesh-transformer branch for captioning and graph attention branch for tool-tissue interaction prediction. The shared feature extractor employs class incremental contrastive learning (CICL) to tackle intensity shift and novel class appearance in the target domain. We design Laplacian of Gaussian (LoG) based curriculum learning into both shared and task-specific branches to enhance model learning. We incorporate a task-aware asynchronous MTL optimization technique to fine-tune the shared weights and converge both tasks optimally.
  Results: The proposed MTL model trained using task-aware optimization and fine-tuning techniques reported a balanced performance (BLEU score of 0.4049 for scene captioning and accuracy of 0.3508 for interaction detection) for both tasks on the target domain and performed on-par with single-task models in domain adaptation.
  Conclusion: The proposed multi-task model was able to adapt to domain shifts, incorporate novel instruments in the target domain, and perform tool-tissue interaction detection and report generation on par with single-task models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MicroAST: Towards Super-Fast Ultra-Resolution Arbitrary Style Transfer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15313">arxiv:2211.15313</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Zhizhong Wang, Lei Zhao, Zhiwen Zuo, Ailin Li, Haibo Chen, Wei Xing, Dongming Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Arbitrary style transfer (AST) transfers arbitrary artistic styles onto content images. Despite the recent rapid progress, existing AST methods are either incapable or too slow to run at ultra-resolutions (e.g., 4K) with limited resources, which heavily hinders their further applications. In this paper, we tackle this dilemma by learning a straightforward and lightweight model, dubbed MicroAST. The key insight is to completely abandon the use of cumbersome pre-trained Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (e.g., VGG) at inference. Instead, we design two micro encoders (content and style encoders) and one micro decoder for style transfer. The content encoder aims at extracting the main structure of the content image. The style encoder, coupled with a modulator, encodes the style image into learnable dual-modulation signals that modulate both intermediate features and convolutional filters of the decoder, thus injecting more sophisticated and flexible style signals to guide the stylizations. In addition, to boost the ability of the style encoder to extract more distinct and representative style signals, we also introduce a new style signal contrastive loss in our model. Compared to the state of the art, our MicroAST not only produces visually superior results but also is 5-73 times smaller and 6-18 times faster, for the first time enabling super-fast (about 0.5 seconds) AST at 4K ultra-resolutions. Code is available at https://github.com/EndyWon/MicroAST.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distance Metric Learning Loss Functions in Few-Shot Scenarios of Supervised Language Models Fine-Tuning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15195">arxiv:2211.15195</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Witold Sosnowski, Karolina Seweryn, Anna Wróblewska, Piotr Gawrysiak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents an analysis regarding an influence of the Distance Metric Learning (DML) loss functions on the supervised fine-tuning of the language models for classification tasks. We experimented with known datasets from SentEval Transfer Tasks.
  Our experiments show that applying the DML loss function can increase performance on downstream classification tasks of RoBERTa-large models in few-shot scenarios. Models fine-tuned with the use of SoftTriple loss can achieve better results than models with a standard categorical cross-entropy loss function by about 2.89 percentage points from 0.04 to 13.48 percentage points depending on the training dataset. Additionally, we accomplished a comprehensive analysis with explainability techniques to assess the models' reliability and explain their results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Sample Complexity of Representation Learning in Multi-task Bandits with Global and Local structure</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15129">arxiv:2211.15129</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Alessio Russo, Alexandre Proutiere</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We investigate the sample complexity of learning the optimal arm for multi-task bandit problems. Arms consist of two components: one that is shared across tasks (that we call representation) and one that is task-specific (that we call predictor). The objective is to learn the optimal (representation, predictor)-pair for each task, under the assumption that the optimal representation is common to all tasks. Within this framework, efficient learning algorithms should transfer knowledge across tasks. We consider the best-arm identification problem for a fixed confidence, where, in each round, the learner actively selects both a task, and an arm, and observes the corresponding reward. We derive instance-specific sample complexity lower bounds satisfied by any $(δ_G,δ_H)$-PAC algorithm (such an algorithm identifies the best representation with probability at least $1-δ_G$, and the best predictor for a task with probability at least $1-δ_H$). We devise an algorithm OSRL-SC whose sample complexity approaches the lower bound, and scales at most as $H(G\log(1/δ_G)+ X\log(1/δ_H))$, with $X,G,H$ being, respectively, the number of tasks, representations and predictors. By comparison, this scaling is significantly better than the classical best-arm identification algorithm that scales as $HGX\log(1/δ)$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Beyond Counting Datasets: A Survey of Multilingual Dataset Construction and Necessary Resources</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15649">arxiv:2211.15649</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Xinyan Velocity Yu, Akari Asai, Trina Chatterjee, Junjie Hu, Eunsol Choi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While the NLP community is generally aware of resource disparities among languages, we lack research that quantifies the extent and types of such disparity. Prior surveys estimating the availability of resources based on the number of datasets can be misleading as dataset quality varies: many datasets are automatically induced or translated from English data. To provide a more comprehensive picture of language resources, we examine the characteristics of 156 publicly available NLP datasets. We manually annotate how they are created, including input text and label sources and tools used to build them, and what they study, tasks they address and motivations for their creation. After quantifying the qualitative NLP resource gap across languages, we discuss how to improve data collection in low-resource languages. We survey language-proficient NLP researchers and crowd workers per language, finding that their estimated availability correlates with dataset availability. Through crowdsourcing experiments, we identify strategies for collecting high-quality multilingual data on the Mechanical Turk platform. We conclude by making macro and micro-level suggestions to the NLP community and individual researchers for future multilingual data development.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A survey of deep learning optimizers-first and second order methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15596">arxiv:2211.15596</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Rohan V Kashyap</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Learning optimization involves minimizing a high-dimensional loss function in the weight space which is often perceived as difficult due to its inherent difficulties such as saddle points, local minima, ill-conditioning of the Hessian and limited compute resources. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive review of 12 standard optimization methods successfully used in deep learning research and a theoretical assessment of the difficulties in numerical optimization from the optimization literature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Effectiveness of Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15583">arxiv:2211.15583</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Zihao Fu, Haoran Yang, Anthony Man-Cho So, Wai Lam, Lidong Bing, Nigel Collier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fine-tuning pre-trained models has been ubiquitously proven to be effective in a wide range of NLP tasks. However, fine-tuning the whole model is parameter inefficient as it always yields an entirely new model for each task. Currently, many research works propose to only fine-tune a small portion of the parameters while keeping most of the parameters shared across different tasks. These methods achieve surprisingly good performance and are shown to be more stable than their corresponding fully fine-tuned counterparts. However, such kind of methods is still not well understood. Some natural questions arise: How does the parameter sparsity lead to promising performance? Why is the model more stable than the fully fine-tuned models? How to choose the tunable parameters? In this paper, we first categorize the existing methods into random approaches, rule-based approaches, and projection-based approaches based on how they choose which parameters to tune. Then, we show that all of the methods are actually sparse fine-tuned models and conduct a novel theoretical analysis of them. We indicate that the sparsity is actually imposing a regularization on the original model by controlling the upper bound of the stability. Such stability leads to better generalization capability which has been empirically observed in a lot of recent research works. Despite the effectiveness of sparsity grounded by our theory, it still remains an open problem of how to choose the tunable parameters. To better choose the tunable parameters, we propose a novel Second-order Approximation Method (SAM) which approximates the original problem with an analytically solvable optimization function. The tunable parameters are determined by directly optimizing the approximation function. The experimental results show that our proposed SAM model outperforms many strong baseline models and it also verifies our theoretical analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Critical Analysis of Classifier Selection in Learned Bloom Filters</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15565">arxiv:2211.15565</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dario Malchiodi, Davide Raimondi, Giacomo Fumagalli, Raffaele Giancarlo, Marco Frasca</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learned Bloom Filters, i.e., models induced from data via machine learning techniques and solving the approximate set membership problem, have recently been introduced with the aim of enhancing the performance of standard Bloom Filters, with special focus on space occupancy. Unlike in the classical case, the "complexity" of the data used to build the filter might heavily impact on its performance. Therefore, here we propose the first in-depth analysis, to the best of our knowledge, for the performance assessment of a given Learned Bloom Filter, in conjunction with a given classifier, on a dataset of a given classification complexity. Indeed, we propose a novel methodology, supported by software, for designing, analyzing and implementing Learned Bloom Filters in function of specific constraints on their multi-criteria nature (that is, constraints involving space efficiency, false positive rate, and reject time). Our experiments show that the proposed methodology and the supporting software are valid and useful: we find out that only two classifiers have desirable properties in relation to problems with different data complexity, and, interestingly, none of them has been considered so far in the literature. We also experimentally show that the Sandwiched variant of Learned Bloom filters is the most robust to data complexity and classifier performance variability, as well as those usually having smaller reject times. The software can be readily used to test new Learned Bloom Filter proposals, which can be compared with the best ones identified here.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Differentiable Dictionary Search: Integrating Linear Mixing with Deep Non-Linear Modelling for Audio Source Separation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15524">arxiv:2211.15524</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lukáš Samuel Marták, Rainer Kelz, Gerhard Widmer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper describes several improvements to a new method for signal decomposition that we recently formulated under the name of Differentiable Dictionary Search (DDS). The fundamental idea of DDS is to exploit a class of powerful deep invertible density estimators called normalizing flows, to model the dictionary in a linear decomposition method such as NMF, effectively creating a bijection between the space of dictionary elements and the associated probability space, allowing a differentiable search through the dictionary space, guided by the estimated densities. As the initial formulation was a proof of concept with some practical limitations, we will present several steps towards making it scalable, hoping to improve both the computational complexity of the method and its signal decomposition capabilities. As a testbed for experimental evaluation, we choose the task of frame-level piano transcription, where the signal is to be decomposed into sources whose activity is attributed to individual piano notes. To highlight the impact of improved non-linear modelling of sources, we compare variants of our method to a linear overcomplete NMF baseline. Experimental results will show that even in the absence of additional constraints, our models produce increasingly sparse and precise decompositions, according to two pertinent evaluation measures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Proactive Robot Assistance via Spatio-Temporal Object Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15501">arxiv:2211.15501</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Maithili Patel, Sonia Chernova</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Proactive robot assistance enables a robot to anticipate and provide for a user's needs without being explicitly asked. We formulate proactive assistance as the problem of the robot anticipating temporal patterns of object movements associated with everyday user routines, and proactively assisting the user by placing objects to adapt the environment to their needs. We introduce a generative graph neural network to learn a unified spatio-temporal predictive model of object dynamics from temporal sequences of object arrangements. We additionally contribute the Household Object Movements from Everyday Routines (HOMER) dataset, which tracks household objects associated with human activities of daily living across 50+ days for five simulated households. Our model outperforms the leading baseline in predicting object movement, correctly predicting locations for 11.1% more objects and wrongly predicting locations for 11.5% fewer objects used by the human user.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Good helper is around you: Attention-driven Masked Image Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15362">arxiv:2211.15362</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Zhengqi Liu, Jie Gui, Hao Luo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It has been witnessed that masked image modeling (MIM) has shown a huge potential in self-supervised learning in the past year. Benefiting from the universal backbone vision transformer, MIM learns self-supervised visual representations through masking a part of patches of the image while attempting to recover the missing pixels. Most previous works mask patches of the image randomly, which underutilizes the semantic information that is beneficial to visual representation learning. On the other hand, due to the large size of the backbone, most previous works have to spend much time on pre-training. In this paper, we propose \textbf{Attention-driven Masking and Throwing Strategy} (AMT), which could solve both problems above. We first leverage the self-attention mechanism to obtain the semantic information of the image during the training process automatically without using any supervised methods. Masking strategy can be guided by that information to mask areas selectively, which is helpful for representation learning. Moreover, a redundant patch throwing strategy is proposed, which makes learning more efficient. As a plug-and-play module for masked image modeling, AMT improves the linear probing accuracy of MAE by $2.9\% \sim 5.9\%$ on CIFAR-10/100, STL-10, Tiny ImageNet, and ImageNet-1K, and obtains an improved performance with respect to fine-tuning accuracy of MAE and SimMIM. Moreover, this design also achieves superior performance on downstream detection and segmentation tasks. Code is available at https://github.com/guijiejie/AMT.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Angular triangle distance for ordinal metric learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15200">arxiv:2211.15200</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Imam Mustafa Kamal, Hyerim Bae</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep metric learning (DML) aims to automatically construct task-specific distances or similarities of data, resulting in a low-dimensional representation. Several significant metric-learning methods have been proposed. Nonetheless, no approach guarantees the preservation of the ordinal nature of the original data in a low-dimensional space. Ordinal data are ubiquitous in real-world problems, such as the severity of symptoms in biomedical cases, production quality in manufacturing, rating level in businesses, and aging level in face recognition. This study proposes a novel angular triangle distance (ATD) and ordinal triplet network (OTD) to obtain an accurate and meaningful embedding space representation for ordinal data. The ATD projects the ordinal relation of data in the angular space, whereas the OTD learns its ordinal projection. We also demonstrated that our new distance measure satisfies the distance metric properties mathematically. The proposed method was assessed using real-world data with an ordinal nature, such as biomedical, facial, and hand-gestured images. Extensive experiments have been conducted, and the results show that our proposed method not only semantically preserves the ordinal nature but is also more accurate than existing DML models. Moreover, we also demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art ordinal metric learning method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Collective Intelligence for Object Manipulation with Mobile Robots</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15136">arxiv:2211.15136</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>So Kuroki, Tatsuya Matsushima, Jumpei Arima, Yutaka Matsuo, Shixiang Shane Gu, Yujin Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While natural systems often present collective intelligence that allows them to self-organize and adapt to changes, the equivalent is missing in most artificial systems. We explore the possibility of such a system in the context of cooperative object manipulation using mobile robots. Although conventional works demonstrate potential solutions for the problem in restricted settings, they have computational and learning difficulties. More importantly, these systems do not possess the ability to adapt when facing environmental changes. In this work, we show that by distilling a planner derived from a gradient-based soft-body physics simulator into an attention-based neural network, our multi-robot manipulation system can achieve better performance than baselines. In addition, our system also generalizes to unseen configurations during training and is able to adapt toward task completions when external turbulence and environmental changes are applied.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FaiREE: Fair Classification with Finite-Sample and Distribution-Free Guarantee</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15072">arxiv:2211.15072</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Puheng Li, James Zou, Linjun Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Algorithmic fairness plays an increasingly critical role in machine learning research. Several group fairness notions and algorithms have been proposed. However, the fairness guarantee of existing fair classification methods mainly depends on specific data distributional assumptions, often requiring large sample sizes, and fairness could be violated when there is a modest number of samples, which is often the case in practice. In this paper, we propose FaiREE, a fair classification algorithm that can satisfy group fairness constraints with finite-sample and distribution-free theoretical guarantees. FaiREE can be adapted to satisfy various group fairness notions (e.g., Equality of Opportunity, Equalized Odds, Demographic Parity, etc.) and achieve the optimal accuracy. These theoretical guarantees are further supported by experiments on both synthetic and real data. FaiREE is shown to have favorable performance over state-of-the-art algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semisoft Task Clustering for Multi-Task Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.17204">arxiv:2211.17204</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yuzhao Zhang, Yifan Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-task learning (MTL) aims to improve the performance of multiple related prediction tasks by leveraging useful information from them. Due to their flexibility and ability to reduce unknown coefficients substantially, the task-clustering-based MTL approaches have attracted considerable attention. Motivated by the idea of semisoft clustering of data, we propose a semisoft task clustering approach, which can simultaneously reveal the task cluster structure for both pure and mixed tasks as well as select the relevant features. The main assumption behind our approach is that each cluster has some pure tasks, and each mixed task can be represented by a linear combination of pure tasks in different clusters. To solve the resulting non-convex constrained optimization problem, we design an efficient three-step algorithm. The experimental results based on synthetic and real-world datasets validate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach. Finally, we extend the proposed approach to a robust task clustering problem.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Refining Generative Process with Discriminator Guidance in Score-based Diffusion Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.17091">arxiv:2211.17091</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Dongjun Kim, Yeongmin Kim, Wanmo Kang, Il-Chul Moon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While the success of diffusion models has been witnessed in various domains, only a few works have investigated the variation of the generative process. In this paper, we introduce a new generative process that is closer to the reverse process than the original generative process, given the identical score checkpoint. Specifically, we adjust the generative process with the auxiliary discriminator between the real data and the generated data. Consequently, the adjusted generative process with the discriminator generates more realistic samples than the original process. In experiments, we achieve new SOTA FIDs of 1.74 on CIFAR-10, 1.33 on CelebA, and 1.88 on FFHQ in the unconditional generation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimizing Stock Option Forecasting with the Assembly of Machine Learning Models and Improved Trading Strategies</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15912">arxiv:2211.15912</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zheng Cao, Raymond Guo, Wenyu Du, Jiayi Gao, Kirill V. Golubnichiy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper introduced key aspects of applying Machine Learning (ML) models, improved trading strategies, and the Quasi-Reversibility Method (QRM) to optimize stock option forecasting and trading results. It presented the findings of the follow-up project of the research "Application of Convolutional Neural Networks with Quasi-Reversibility Method Results for Option Forecasting". First, the project included an application of Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks to provide a novel way of predicting stock option trends. Additionally, it examined the dependence of the ML models by evaluating the experimental method of combining multiple ML models to improve prediction results and decision-making. Lastly, two improved trading strategies and simulated investing results were presented. The Binomial Asset Pricing Model with discrete time stochastic process analysis and portfolio hedging was applied and suggested an optimized investment expectation. These results can be utilized in real-life trading strategies to optimize stock option investment results based on historical data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>UQ-ARMED: Uncertainty quantification of adversarially-regularized mixed effects deep learning for clustered non-iid data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15888">arxiv:2211.15888</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Alex Treacher, Kevin Nguyen, Dylan Owens, Daniel Heitjan, Albert Montillo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work demonstrates the ability to produce readily interpretable statistical metrics for model fit, fixed effects covariance coefficients, and prediction confidence. Importantly, this work compares 4 suitable and commonly applied epistemic UQ approaches, BNN, SWAG, MC dropout, and ensemble approaches in their ability to calculate these statistical metrics for the ARMED MEDL models. In our experiment for AD prognosis, not only do the UQ methods provide these benefits, but several UQ methods maintain the high performance of the original ARMED method, some even provide a modest (but not statistically significant) performance improvement. The ensemble models, especially the ensemble method with a 90% subsampling, performed well across all metrics we tested with (1) high performance that was comparable to the non-UQ ARMED model, (2) properly deweights the confounds probes and assigns them statistically insignificant p-values, (3) attains relatively high calibration of the output prediction confidence. Based on the results, the ensemble approaches, especially with a subsampling of 90%, provided the best all-round performance for prediction and uncertainty estimation, and achieved our goals to provide statistical significance for model fit, statistical significance covariate coefficients, and confidence in prediction, while maintaining the baseline performance of MEDL using ARMED

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Search and Detection Autonomous Drone System: from Design to Implementation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15866">arxiv:2211.15866</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mohammadjavad Khosravi, Rushiv Arora, Saeede Enayati, Hossein Pishro-Nik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Utilizing autonomous drones or unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) has shown great advantages over preceding methods in support of urgent scenarios such as search and rescue (SAR) and wildfire detection. In these operations, search efficiency in terms of the amount of time spent to find the target is crucial since with the passing of time the survivability of the missing person decreases or wildfire management becomes more difficult with disastrous consequences. In this work, it is considered a scenario where a drone is intended to search and detect a missing person (e.g., a hiker or a mountaineer) or a potential fire spot in a given area. In order to obtain the shortest path to the target, a general framework is provided to model the problem of target detection when the target's location is probabilistically known. To this end, two algorithms are proposed: Path planning and target detection. The path planning algorithm is based on Bayesian inference and the target detection is accomplished by means of a residual neural network (ResNet) trained on the image dataset captured by the drone as well as existing pictures and datasets on the web. Through simulation and experiment, the proposed path planning algorithm is compared with two benchmark algorithms. It is shown that the proposed algorithm significantly decreases the average time of the mission.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LUMix: Improving Mixup by Better Modelling Label Uncertainty</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15846">arxiv:2211.15846</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shuyang Sun, Jie-Neng Chen, Ruifei He, Alan Yuille, Philip Torr, Song Bai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern deep networks can be better generalized when trained with noisy samples and regularization techniques. Mixup and CutMix have been proven to be effective for data augmentation to help avoid overfitting. Previous Mixup-based methods linearly combine images and labels to generate additional training data. However, this is problematic if the object does not occupy the whole image as we demonstrate in Figure 1. Correctly assigning the label weights is hard even for human beings and there is no clear criterion to measure it. To tackle this problem, in this paper, we propose LUMix, which models such uncertainty by adding label perturbation during training. LUMix is simple as it can be implemented in just a few lines of code and can be universally applied to any deep networks \eg CNNs and Vision Transformers, with minimal computational cost. Extensive experiments show that our LUMix can consistently boost the performance for networks with a wide range of diversity and capacity on ImageNet, \eg $+0.7\%$ for a small model DeiT-S and $+0.6\%$ for a large variant XCiT-L. We also demonstrate that LUMix can lead to better robustness when evaluated on ImageNet-O and ImageNet-A. The source code can be found \href{https://github.com/kevin-ssy/LUMix}{here}

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CLAS: Coordinating Multi-Robot Manipulation with Central Latent Action Spaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15824">arxiv:2211.15824</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Elie Aljalbout, Maximilian Karl, Patrick van der Smagt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-robot manipulation tasks involve various control entities that can be separated into dynamically independent parts. A typical example of such real-world tasks is dual-arm manipulation. Learning to naively solve such tasks with reinforcement learning is often unfeasible due to the sample complexity and exploration requirements growing with the dimensionality of the action and state spaces. Instead, we would like to handle such environments as multi-agent systems and have several agents control parts of the whole. However, decentralizing the generation of actions requires coordination across agents through a channel limited to information central to the task. This paper proposes an approach to coordinating multi-robot manipulation through learned latent action spaces that are shared across different agents. We validate our method in simulated multi-robot manipulation tasks and demonstrate improvement over previous baselines in terms of sample efficiency and learning performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>VideoFACT: Detecting Video Forgeries Using Attention, Scene Context, and Forensic Traces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15775">arxiv:2211.15775</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tai D. Nguyen, Shengbang Fang, Matthew C. Stamm</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fake videos represent an important misinformation threat. While existing forensic networks have demonstrated strong performance on image forgeries, recent results reported on the Adobe VideoSham dataset show that these networks fail to identify fake content in videos. In this paper, we propose a new network that is able to detect and localize a wide variety of video forgeries and manipulations. To overcome challenges that existing networks face when analyzing videos, our network utilizes both forensic embeddings to capture traces left by manipulation, context embeddings to exploit forensic traces' conditional dependencies upon local scene content, and spatial attention provided by a deep, transformer-based attention mechanism. We create several new video forgery datasets and use these, along with publicly available data, to experimentally evaluate our network's performance. These results show that our proposed network is able to identify a diverse set of video forgeries, including those not encountered during training. Furthermore, our results reinforce recent findings that image forensic networks largely fail to identify fake content in videos.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FsaNet: Frequency Self-attention for Semantic Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15595">arxiv:2211.15595</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Fengyu Zhang, Ashkan Panahi, Guangjun Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Considering the spectral properties of images, we propose a new self-attention mechanism with highly reduced computational complexity, up to a linear rate. To better preserve edges while promoting similarity within objects, we propose individualized processes over different frequency bands. In particular, we study a case where the process is merely over low-frequency components. By ablation study, we show that low frequency self-attention can achieve very close or better performance relative to full frequency even without retraining the network. Accordingly, we design and embed novel plug-and-play modules to the head of a CNN network that we refer to as FsaNet. The frequency self-attention 1) takes low frequency coefficients as input, 2) can be mathematically equivalent to spatial domain self-attention with linear structures, 3) simplifies token mapping ($1\times1$ convolution) stage and token mixing stage simultaneously. We show that the frequency self-attention requires $87.29\% \sim 90.04\%$ less memory, $96.13\% \sim 98.07\%$ less FLOPs, and $97.56\% \sim 98.18\%$ in run time than the regular self-attention. Compared to other ResNet101-based self-attention networks, FsaNet achieves a new state-of-the-art result ($83.0\%$ mIoU) on Cityscape test dataset and competitive results on ADE20k and VOCaug.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GPT-Neo for commonsense reasoning-a theoretical and practical lens</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15593">arxiv:2211.15593</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Rohan Kashyap, Vivek Kashyap, Narendra C. P</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent work has demonstrated substantial gains in pre-training large-scale unidirectional language models such as the GPT-2, GPT-3, and GPT-neo, followed by fine-tuning on a downstream task. In this paper, we evaluate the performance of the GPT-neo 1.3 billion model for commonsense reasoning tasks. We assess the model performance on six commonsense reasoning benchmark tasks and report the accuracy scores for these tasks. When fine-tuned using the right set of hyperparameters, we obtain competitive scores on three of these tasks but struggle when the dataset size is significantly smaller. The low model performance on a few of these tasks suggests the inherent difficulty in these datasets and since it fails to establish coherent patterns given their limited training samples. We also investigate and substantiate our results using visualization and conduct numerous inference tests to understand the model performance better. Finally, we conduct thorough robustness tests using various methods to gauge the model performance under numerous settings. These findings suggest a promising path for exploring smaller language models than the GPT-3 175 billion model to perform tasks requiring natural language understanding.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Considerations for meaningful sign language machine translation based on glosses</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15464">arxiv:2211.15464</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mathias Müller, Zifan Jiang, Amit Moryossef, Annette Rios, Sarah Ebling</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automatic sign language processing is gaining popularity in Natural Language Processing (NLP) research (Yin et al., 2021). In machine translation (MT) in particular, sign language translation based on glosses is a prominent approach. In this paper, we review recent works on neural gloss translation. We find that limitations of glosses in general and limitations of specific datasets are not discussed in a transparent manner and that there is no common standard for evaluation.
  To address these issues, we put forward concrete recommendations for future research on gloss translation. Our suggestions advocate awareness of the inherent limitations of gloss-based approaches, realistic datasets, stronger baselines and convincing evaluation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Near-Field Channel Estimation for Extremely Large-Scale Array Communications: A model-based deep learning approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15440">arxiv:2211.15440</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Xiangyu Zhang, Zening Wang, Haiyang Zhang, Luxi Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Extremely large-scale massive MIMO (XL-MIMO) has been reviewed as a promising technology for future wireless communications. The deployment of XL-MIMO, especially at high-frequency bands, leads to users being located in the near-field region instead of the conventional far-field. This letter proposes efficient model-based deep learning algorithms for estimating the near-field wireless channel of XL-MIMO communications. In particular, we first formulate the XL-MIMO near-field channel estimation task as a compressed sensing problem using the spatial gridding-based sparsifying dictionary, and then solve the resulting problem by applying the Learning Iterative Shrinkage and Thresholding Algorithm (LISTA). Due to the near-field characteristic, the spatial gridding-based sparsifying dictionary may result in low channel estimation accuracy and a heavy computational burden. To address this issue, we further propose a new sparsifying dictionary learning-LISTA (SDL-LISTA) algorithm that formulates the sparsifying dictionary as a neural network layer and embeds it into LISTA neural network. The numerical results show that our proposed algorithms outperform non-learning benchmark schemes, and SDL-LISTA achieves better performance than LISTA with ten times atoms reduction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Probabilistic Modelling of Signal Mixtures with Differentiable Dictionaries</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15439">arxiv:2211.15439</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Lukáš Samuel Marták, Rainer Kelz, Gerhard Widmer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a novel way to incorporate prior information into (semi-) supervised non-negative matrix factorization, which we call differentiable dictionary search. It enables general, highly flexible and principled modelling of mixtures where non-linear sources are linearly mixed. We study its behavior on an audio decomposition task, and conduct an extensive, highly controlled study of its modelling capabilities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Security Vulnerabilities of Text-to-SQL Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15363">arxiv:2211.15363</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Xutan Peng, Yipeng Zhang, Jingfeng Yang, Mark Stevenson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies show that, despite being effective on numerous tasks, text processing algorithms may be vulnerable to deliberate attacks. However, the question of whether such weaknesses can directly lead to security threats is still under-explored. To bridge this gap, we conducted vulnerability tests on Text-to-SQL, a technique that builds natural language interfaces for databases. Empirically, we showed that the Text-to-SQL modules of two commercial black boxes (Baidu-UNIT and Codex-powered Ai2sql) can be manipulated to produce malicious code, potentially leading to data breaches and Denial of Service. This is the first demonstration of the danger of NLP models being exploited as attack vectors in the wild. Moreover, experiments involving four open-source frameworks verified that simple backdoor attacks can achieve a 100% success rate on Text-to-SQL systems with almost no prediction performance impact. By reporting these findings and suggesting practical defences, we call for immediate attention from the NLP community to the identification and remediation of software security issues.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tuning-free Plug-and-Play Hyperspectral Image Deconvolution with Deep Priors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15307">arxiv:2211.15307</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Xiuheng Wang, Jie Chen, Cédric Richard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deconvolution is a widely used strategy to mitigate the blurring and noisy degradation of hyperspectral images~(HSI) generated by the acquisition devices. This issue is usually addressed by solving an ill-posed inverse problem. While investigating proper image priors can enhance the deconvolution performance, it is not trivial to handcraft a powerful regularizer and to set the regularization parameters. To address these issues, in this paper we introduce a tuning-free Plug-and-Play (PnP) algorithm for HSI deconvolution. Specifically, we use the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) to decompose the optimization problem into two iterative sub-problems. A flexible blind 3D denoising network (B3DDN) is designed to learn deep priors and to solve the denoising sub-problem with different noise levels. A measure of 3D residual whiteness is then investigated to adjust the penalty parameters when solving the quadratic sub-problems, as well as a stopping criterion. Experimental results on both simulated and real-world data with ground-truth demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Topologically faithful image segmentation via induced matching of persistence barcodes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15272">arxiv:2211.15272</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Nico Stucki, Johannes C. Paetzold, Suprosanna Shit, Bjoern Menze, Ulrich Bauer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image segmentation is a largely researched field where neural networks find vast applications in many facets of technology. Some of the most popular approaches to train segmentation networks employ loss functions optimizing pixel-overlap, an objective that is insufficient for many segmentation tasks. In recent years, their limitations fueled a growing interest in topology-aware methods, which aim to recover the correct topology of the segmented structures. However, so far, none of the existing approaches achieve a spatially correct matching between the topological features of ground truth and prediction.
  In this work, we propose the first topologically and feature-wise accurate metric and loss function for supervised image segmentation, which we term Betti matching. We show how induced matchings guarantee the spatially correct matching between barcodes in a segmentation setting. Furthermore, we propose an efficient algorithm to compute the Betti matching of images. We show that the Betti matching error is an interpretable metric to evaluate the topological correctness of segmentations, which is more sensitive than the well-established Betti number error. Moreover, the differentiability of the Betti matching loss enables its use as a loss function. It improves the topological performance of segmentation networks across six diverse datasets while preserving the volumetric performance. Our code is available in https://github.com/nstucki/Betti-matching.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tackling Visual Control via Multi-View Exploration Maximization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15233">arxiv:2211.15233</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mingqi Yuan, Xin Jin, Bo Li, Wenjun Zeng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present MEM: Multi-view Exploration Maximization for tackling complex visual control tasks. To the best of our knowledge, MEM is the first approach that combines multi-view representation learning and intrinsic reward-driven exploration in reinforcement learning (RL). More specifically, MEM first extracts the specific and shared information of multi-view observations to form high-quality features before performing RL on the learned features, enabling the agent to fully comprehend the environment and yield better actions. Furthermore, MEM transforms the multi-view features into intrinsic rewards based on entropy maximization to encourage exploration. As a result, MEM can significantly promote the sample-efficiency and generalization ability of the RL agent, facilitating solving real-world problems with high-dimensional observations and spare-reward space. We evaluate MEM on various tasks from DeepMind Control Suite and Procgen games. Extensive simulation results demonstrate that MEM can achieve superior performance and outperform the benchmarking schemes with simple architecture and higher efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Progressive Learning without Forgetting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15215">arxiv:2211.15215</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tao Feng, Hangjie Yuan, Mang Wang, Ziyuan Huang, Ang Bian, Jianzhou Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning from changing tasks and sequential experience without forgetting the obtained knowledge is a challenging problem for artificial neural networks. In this work, we focus on two challenging problems in the paradigm of Continual Learning (CL) without involving any old data: (i) the accumulation of catastrophic forgetting caused by the gradually fading knowledge space from which the model learns the previous knowledge; (ii) the uncontrolled tug-of-war dynamics to balance the stability and plasticity during the learning of new tasks. In order to tackle these problems, we present Progressive Learning without Forgetting (PLwF) and a credit assignment regime in the optimizer. PLwF densely introduces model functions from previous tasks to construct a knowledge space such that it contains the most reliable knowledge on each task and the distribution information of different tasks, while credit assignment controls the tug-of-war dynamics by removing gradient conflict through projection. Extensive ablative experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of PLwF and credit assignment. In comparison with other CL methods, we report notably better results even without relying on any raw data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>What's Behind the Mask: Estimating Uncertainty in Image-to-Image Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15211">arxiv:2211.15211</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Gilad Kutiel, Regev Cohen, Michael Elad, Daniel Freedman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Estimating uncertainty in image-to-image networks is an important task, particularly as such networks are being increasingly deployed in the biological and medical imaging realms. In this paper, we introduce a new approach to this problem based on masking. Given an existing image-to-image network, our approach computes a mask such that the distance between the masked reconstructed image and the masked true image is guaranteed to be less than a specified threshold, with high probability. The mask thus identifies the more certain regions of the reconstructed image. Our approach is agnostic to the underlying image-to-image network, and only requires triples of the input (degraded), reconstructed and true images for training. Furthermore, our method is agnostic to the distance metric used. As a result, one can use $L_p$-style distances or perceptual distances like LPIPS, which contrasts with interval-based approaches to uncertainty. Our theoretical guarantees derive from a conformal calibration procedure. We evaluate our mask-based approach to uncertainty on image colorization, image completion, and super-resolution tasks, demonstrating high quality performance on each.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Forged Image Detection using SOTA Image Classification Deep Learning Methods for Image Forensics with Error Level Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15196">arxiv:2211.15196</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Raunak Joshi, Abhishek Gupta, Nandan Kanvinde, Pandharinath Ghonge</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The advancement in the area of computer vision has been brought using deep learning mechanisms. Image Forensics is one of the major areas of computer vision application. Forgery of images is sub-category of image forensics and can be detected using Error Level Analysis. Using such images as an input, this can turn out to be a binary classification problem which can be leveraged using variations of convolutional neural networks. In this paper we perform transfer learning with state-of-the-art image classification models over error level analysis induced CASIA ITDE v.2 dataset. The algorithms used are VGG-19, Inception-V3, ResNet-152-V2, XceptionNet and EfficientNet-V2L with their respective methodologies and results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Continuous Episodic Control</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15183">arxiv:2211.15183</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhao Yang, Thomas M. Moerland, Mike Preuss, Aske Plaat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Non-parametric episodic memory can be used to quickly latch onto high-reward experience in reinforcement learning tasks. In contrast to parametric deep reinforcement learning approaches, these methods only need to discover the solution once, and may then repeatedly solve the task. However, episodic control solutions are stored in discrete tables, and this approach has so far only been applied to discrete action space problems. Therefore, this paper introduces Continuous Episodic Control (CEC), a novel non-parametric episodic memory algorithm for sequential decision making in problems with a continuous action space. Results on several sparse-reward continuous control environments show that our proposed method learns faster than state-of-the-art model-free RL and memory-augmented RL algorithms, while maintaining good long-run performance as well. In short, CEC can be a fast approach for learning in continuous control tasks, and a useful addition to parametric RL methods in a hybrid approach as well.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GraphPNAS: Learning Distribution of Good Neural Architectures via Deep Graph Generative Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15155">arxiv:2211.15155</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Muchen Li, Jeffrey Yunfan Liu, Leonid Sigal, Renjie Liao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural architectures can be naturally viewed as computational graphs. Motivated by this perspective, we, in this paper, study neural architecture search (NAS) through the lens of learning random graph models. In contrast to existing NAS methods which largely focus on searching for a single best architecture, i.e, point estimation, we propose GraphPNAS a deep graph generative model that learns a distribution of well-performing architectures. Relying on graph neural networks (GNNs), our GraphPNAS can better capture topologies of good neural architectures and relations between operators therein. Moreover, our graph generator leads to a learnable probabilistic search method that is more flexible and efficient than the commonly used RNN generator and random search methods. Finally, we learn our generator via an efficient reinforcement learning formulation for NAS. To assess the effectiveness of our GraphPNAS, we conduct extensive experiments on three search spaces, including the challenging RandWire on TinyImageNet, ENAS on CIFAR10, and NAS-Bench-101/201. The complexity of RandWire is significantly larger than other search spaces in the literature. We show that our proposed graph generator consistently outperforms RNN-based one and achieves better or comparable performances than state-of-the-art NAS methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Interpretations Cannot Be Trusted: Stealthy and Effective Adversarial Perturbations against Interpretable Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15926">arxiv:2211.15926</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Eldor Abdukhamidov, Mohammed Abuhamad, Simon S. Woo, Eric Chan-Tin, Tamer Abuhmed</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning methods have gained increased attention in various applications due to their outstanding performance. For exploring how this high performance relates to the proper use of data artifacts and the accurate problem formulation of a given task, interpretation models have become a crucial component in developing deep learning-based systems. Interpretation models enable the understanding of the inner workings of deep learning models and offer a sense of security in detecting the misuse of artifacts in the input data. Similar to prediction models, interpretation models are also susceptible to adversarial inputs. This work introduces two attacks, AdvEdge and AdvEdge$^{+}$, that deceive both the target deep learning model and the coupled interpretation model. We assess the effectiveness of proposed attacks against two deep learning model architectures coupled with four interpretation models that represent different categories of interpretation models. Our experiments include the attack implementation using various attack frameworks. We also explore the potential countermeasures against such attacks. Our analysis shows the effectiveness of our attacks in terms of deceiving the deep learning models and their interpreters, and highlights insights to improve and circumvent the attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Composition based oxidation state prediction of materials using deep learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15895">arxiv:2211.15895</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nihang Fu, Jeffrey Hu, Ying Feng, Gregory Morrison, Hans-Conrad zur Loye, Jianjun Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Oxidation states are the charges of atoms after their ionic approximation of their bonds, which have been widely used in charge-neutrality verification, crystal structure determination, and reaction estimation. Currently only heuristic rules exist for guessing the oxidation states of a given compound with many exceptions. Recent work has developed machine learning models based on heuristic structural features for predicting the oxidation states of metal ions. However, composition based oxidation state prediction still remains elusive so far, which is more important in new material discovery for which the structures are not even available. This work proposes a novel deep learning based BERT transformer language model BERTOS for predicting the oxidation states of all elements of inorganic compounds given only their chemical composition. Our model achieves 96.82\% accuracy for all-element oxidation states prediction benchmarked on the cleaned ICSD dataset and achieves 97.61\% accuracy for oxide materials. We also demonstrate how it can be used to conduct large-scale screening of hypothetical material compositions for materials discovery.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Robust Learning from Noisy Labels: A Permutation Layer Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15890">arxiv:2211.15890</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Salman Alsubaihi, Mohammed Alkhrashi, Raied Aljadaany, Fahad Albalawi, Bernard Ghanem</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The existence of label noise imposes significant challenges (e.g., poor generalization) on the training process of deep neural networks (DNN). As a remedy, this paper introduces a permutation layer learning approach termed PermLL to dynamically calibrate the training process of the DNN subject to instance-dependent and instance-independent label noise. The proposed method augments the architecture of a conventional DNN by an instance-dependent permutation layer. This layer is essentially a convex combination of permutation matrices that is dynamically calibrated for each sample. The primary objective of the permutation layer is to correct the loss of noisy samples mitigating the effect of label noise. We provide two variants of PermLL in this paper: one applies the permutation layer to the model's prediction, while the other applies it directly to the given noisy label. In addition, we provide a theoretical comparison between the two variants and show that previous methods can be seen as one of the variants. Finally, we validate PermLL experimentally and show that it achieves state-of-the-art performance on both real and synthetic datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Best Subset Selection in Reduced Rank Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15889">arxiv:2211.15889</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Canhong Wen, Ruipeng Dong, Xueqin Wang, Weiyu Li, Heping Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sparse reduced rank regression is an essential statistical learning method. In the contemporary literature, estimation is typically formulated as a nonconvex optimization that often yields to a local optimum in numerical computation. Yet, their theoretical analysis is always centered on the global optimum, resulting in a discrepancy between the statistical guarantee and the numerical computation. In this research, we offer a new algorithm to address the problem and establish an almost optimal rate for the algorithmic solution. We also demonstrate that the algorithm achieves the estimation with a polynomial number of iterations. In addition, we present a generalized information criterion to simultaneously ensure the consistency of support set recovery and rank estimation. Under the proposed criterion, we show that our algorithm can achieve the oracle reduced rank estimation with a significant probability. The numerical studies and an application in the ovarian cancer genetic data demonstrate the effectiveness and scalability of our approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Simultaneous Estimation of Hand Configurations and Finger Joint Angles using Forearm Ultrasound</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15871">arxiv:2211.15871</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Keshav Bimbraw, Christopher J. Nycz, Matt Schueler, Ziming Zhang, Haichong K. Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the advancement in computing and robotics, it is necessary to develop fluent and intuitive methods for interacting with digital systems, augmented/virtual reality (AR/VR) interfaces, and physical robotic systems. Hand motion recognition is widely used to enable these interactions. Hand configuration classification and MCP joint angle detection is important for a comprehensive reconstruction of hand motion. sEMG and other technologies have been used for the detection of hand motions. Forearm ultrasound images provide a musculoskeletal visualization that can be used to understand hand motion. Recent work has shown that these ultrasound images can be classified using machine learning to estimate discrete hand configurations. Estimating both hand configuration and MCP joint angles based on forearm ultrasound has not been addressed in the literature. In this paper, we propose a CNN based deep learning pipeline for predicting the MCP joint angles. The results for the hand configuration classification were compared by using different machine learning algorithms. SVC with different kernels, MLP, and the proposed CNN have been used to classify the ultrasound images into 11 hand configurations based on activities of daily living. Forearm ultrasound images were acquired from 6 subjects instructed to move their hands according to predefined hand configurations. Motion capture data was acquired to get the finger angles corresponding to the hand movements at different speeds. Average classification accuracy of 82.7% for the proposed CNN and over 80% for SVC for different kernels was observed on a subset of the dataset. An average RMSE of 7.35 degrees was obtained between the predicted and the true MCP joint angles. A low latency (6.25 - 9.1 Hz) pipeline has been proposed for estimating both MCP joint angles and hand configuration aimed at real-time control of human-machine interfaces.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COVID-19 Classification Using Deep Learning Two-Stage Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15817">arxiv:2211.15817</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mostapha Alsaidi, Ali Saleem Altaher, Muhammad Tanveer Jan, Ahmed Altaher, Zahra Salekshahrezaee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, deep-learning-based approaches namely fine-tuning of pretrained convolutional neural networks (VGG16 and VGG19), and end-to-end training of a developed CNN model, have been used in order to classify X-Ray images into four different classes that include COVID-19, normal, opacity and pneumonia cases. A dataset containing more than 20,000 X-ray scans was retrieved from Kaggle and used in this experiment. A two-stage classification approach was implemented to be compared to the one-shot classification approach. Our hypothesis was that a two-stage model will be able to achieve better performance than a one-shot model. Our results show otherwise as VGG16 achieved 95% accuracy using one-shot approach over 5-fold of training. Future work will focus on a more robust implementation of the two-stage classification model Covid-TSC. The main improvement will be allowing data to flow from the output of stage-1 to the input of stage-2, where stage-1 and stage-2 models are VGG16 models fine-tuned on the Covid-19 dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Visual Active Search Framework for Geospatial Exploration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15788">arxiv:2211.15788</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Anindya Sarkar, Michael Lanier, Scott Alfeld, Roman Garnett, Nathan Jacobs, Yevgeniy Vorobeychik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many problems can be viewed as forms of geospatial search aided by aerial imagery, with examples ranging from detecting poaching activity to human trafficking. We model this class of problems in a visual active search (VAS) framework, which takes as input an image of a broad area, and aims to identify as many examples of a target object as possible. It does this through a limited sequence of queries, each of which verifies whether an example is present in a given region. We propose a reinforcement learning approach for VAS that leverages a collection of fully annotated search tasks as training data to learn a search policy, and combines features of the input image with a natural representation of active search state. Additionally, we propose domain adaptation techniques to improve the policy at decision time when training data is not fully reflective of the test-time distribution of VAS tasks. Through extensive experiments on several satellite imagery datasets, we show that the proposed approach significantly outperforms several strong baselines. Code and data will be made public.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning-Driven Edge Video Analytics: A Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15751">arxiv:2211.15751</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Renjie Xu, Saiedeh Razavi, Rong Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video, as a key driver in the global explosion of digital information, can create tremendous benefits for human society. Governments and enterprises are deploying innumerable cameras for a variety of applications, e.g., law enforcement, emergency management, traffic control, and security surveillance, all facilitated by video analytics (VA). This trend is spurred by the rapid advancement of deep learning (DL), which enables more precise models for object classification, detection, and tracking. Meanwhile, with the proliferation of Internet-connected devices, massive amounts of data are generated daily, overwhelming the cloud. Edge computing, an emerging paradigm that moves workloads and services from the network core to the network edge, has been widely recognized as a promising solution. The resulting new intersection, edge video analytics (EVA), begins to attract widespread attention. Nevertheless, only a few loosely-related surveys exist on this topic. A dedicated venue for collecting and summarizing the latest advances of EVA is highly desired by the community. Besides, the basic concepts of EVA (e.g., definition, architectures, etc.) are ambiguous and neglected by these surveys due to the rapid development of this domain. A thorough clarification is needed to facilitate a consensus on these concepts. To fill in these gaps, we conduct a comprehensive survey of the recent efforts on EVA. In this paper, we first review the fundamentals of edge computing, followed by an overview of VA. The EVA system and its enabling techniques are discussed next. In addition, we introduce prevalent frameworks and datasets to aid future researchers in the development of EVA systems. Finally, we discuss existing challenges and foresee future research directions. We believe this survey will help readers comprehend the relationship between VA and edge computing, and spark new ideas on EVA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sketch-and-solve approaches to k-means clustering by semidefinite programming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15744">arxiv:2211.15744</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Charles Clum, Dustin G. Mixon, Soledad Villar, Kaiying Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a sketch-and-solve approach to speed up the Peng-Wei semidefinite relaxation of k-means clustering. When the data is appropriately separated we identify the k-means optimal clustering. Otherwise, our approach provides a high-confidence lower bound on the optimal k-means value. This lower bound is data-driven; it does not make any assumption on the data nor how it is generated. We provide code and an extensive set of numerical experiments where we use this approach to certify approximate optimality of clustering solutions obtained by k-means++.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Direct Heterogeneous Causal Learning for Resource Allocation Problems in Marketing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15728">arxiv:2211.15728</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hao Zhou, Shaoming Li, Guibin Jiang, Jiaqi Zheng, Dong Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Marketing is an important mechanism to increase user engagement and improve platform revenue, and heterogeneous causal learning can help develop more effective strategies. Most decision-making problems in marketing can be formulated as resource allocation problems and have been studied for decades. Existing works usually divide the solution procedure into two fully decoupled stages, i.e., machine learning (ML) and operation research (OR) -- the first stage predicts the model parameters and they are fed to the optimization in the second stage. However, the error of the predicted parameters in ML cannot be respected and a series of complex mathematical operations in OR lead to the increased accumulative errors. Essentially, the improved precision on the prediction parameters may not have a positive correlation on the final solution due to the side-effect from the decoupled design.
  In this paper, we propose a novel approach for solving resource allocation problems to mitigate the side-effects. Our key intuition is that we introduce the decision factor to establish a bridge between ML and OR such that the solution can be directly obtained in OR by only performing the sorting or comparison operations on the decision factor. Furthermore, we design a customized loss function that can conduct direct heterogeneous causal learning on the decision factor, an unbiased estimation of which can be guaranteed when the loss converges. As a case study, we apply our approach to two crucial problems in marketing: the binary treatment assignment problem and the budget allocation problem with multiple treatments. Both large-scale simulations and online A/B Tests demonstrate that our approach achieves significant improvement compared with state-of-the-art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Malign Overfitting: Interpolation Can Provably Preclude Invariance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15724">arxiv:2211.15724</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yoav Wald, Gal Yona, Uri Shalit, Yair Carmon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learned classifiers should often possess certain invariance properties meant to encourage fairness, robustness, or out-of-distribution generalization. However, multiple recent works empirically demonstrate that common invariance-inducing regularizers are ineffective in the over-parameterized regime, in which classifiers perfectly fit (i.e. interpolate) the training data. This suggests that the phenomenon of ``benign overfitting," in which models generalize well despite interpolating, might not favorably extend to settings in which robustness or fairness are desirable.
  In this work we provide a theoretical justification for these observations. We prove that -- even in the simplest of settings -- any interpolating learning rule (with arbitrarily small margin) will not satisfy these invariance properties. We then propose and analyze an algorithm that -- in the same setting -- successfully learns a non-interpolating classifier that is provably invariant. We validate our theoretical observations on simulated data and the Waterbirds dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Weight Predictor Network with Feature Selection for Small Sample Tabular Biomedical Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15616">arxiv:2211.15616</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Andrei Margeloiu, Nikola Simidjievski, Pietro Lio, Mateja Jamnik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tabular biomedical data is often high-dimensional but with a very small number of samples. Although recent work showed that well-regularised simple neural networks could outperform more sophisticated architectures on tabular data, they are still prone to overfitting on tiny datasets with many potentially irrelevant features. To combat these issues, we propose Weight Predictor Network with Feature Selection (WPFS) for learning neural networks from high-dimensional and small sample data by reducing the number of learnable parameters and simultaneously performing feature selection. In addition to the classification network, WPFS uses two small auxiliary networks that together output the weights of the first layer of the classification model. We evaluate on nine real-world biomedical datasets and demonstrate that WPFS outperforms other standard as well as more recent methods typically applied to tabular data. Furthermore, we investigate the proposed feature selection mechanism and show that it improves performance while providing useful insights into the learning task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Inapplicable Actions Learning for Knowledge Transfer in Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15589">arxiv:2211.15589</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Leo Ardon, Alberto Pozanco, Daniel Borrajo, Sumitra Ganesh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement Learning (RL) algorithms are known to scale poorly to environments with many available actions, requiring numerous samples to learn an optimal policy. The traditional approach of considering the same fixed action space in every possible state implies that the agent must understand, while also learning to maximize its reward, to ignore irrelevant actions such as $\textit{inapplicable actions}$ (i.e. actions that have no effect on the environment when performed in a given state). Knowing this information can help reduce the sample complexity of RL algorithms by masking the inapplicable actions from the policy distribution to only explore actions relevant to finding an optimal policy. This is typically done in an ad-hoc manner with hand-crafted domain logic added to the RL algorithm. In this paper, we propose a more systematic approach to introduce this knowledge into the algorithm. We (i) standardize the way knowledge can be manually specified to the agent; and (ii) present a new framework to autonomously learn these state-dependent action constraints jointly with the policy. We show experimentally that learning inapplicable actions greatly improves the sample efficiency of the algorithm by providing a reliable signal to mask out irrelevant actions. Moreover, we demonstrate that thanks to the transferability of the knowledge acquired, it can be reused in other tasks to make the learning process more efficient.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discovering Dynamic Patterns from Spatiotemporal Data with Time-Varying Low-Rank Autoregression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15482">arxiv:2211.15482</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xinyu Chen, Chengyuan Zhang, Xiaoxu Chen, Nicolas Saunier, Lijun Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The problem of broad practical interest in spatiotemporal data analysis, i.e., discovering interpretable dynamic patterns from spatiotemporal data, is studied in this paper. Towards this end, we develop a time-varying reduced-rank vector autoregression (VAR) model whose coefficient matrices are parameterized by low-rank tensor factorization. Benefiting from the tensor factorization structure, the proposed model can simultaneously achieve model compression and pattern discovery. In particular, the proposed model allows one to characterize nonstationarity and time-varying system behaviors underlying spatiotemporal data. To evaluate the proposed model, extensive experiments are conducted on various spatiotemporal data representing different nonlinear dynamical systems, including fluid dynamics, sea surface temperature, USA surface temperature, and NYC taxi trips. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of modeling spatiotemporal data and characterizing spatial/temporal patterns with the proposed model. In the spatial context, the spatial patterns can be automatically extracted and intuitively characterized by the spatial modes. In the temporal context, the complex time-varying system behaviors can be revealed by the temporal modes in the proposed model. Thus, our model lays an insightful foundation for understanding complex spatiotemporal data in real-world dynamical systems. The adapted datasets and Python implementation are publicly available at https://github.com/xinychen/vars.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Coherent Clusters in Weakly-Connected Network Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15301">arxiv:2211.15301</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hancheng Min, Enrique Mallada</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a structure-preserving model-reduction methodology for large-scale dynamic networks with tightly-connected components. First, the coherent groups are identified by a spectral clustering algorithm on the graph Laplacian matrix that models the network feedback. Then, a reduced network is built, where each node represents the aggregate dynamics of each coherent group, and the reduced network captures the dynamic coupling between the groups. We provide an upper bound on the approximation error when the network graph is randomly generated from a weight stochastic block model. Finally, numerical experiments align with and validate our theoretical findings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scientific and Creative Analogies in Pretrained Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15268">arxiv:2211.15268</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Tamara Czinczoll, Helen Yannakoudakis, Pushkar Mishra, Ekaterina Shutova</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper examines the encoding of analogy in large-scale pretrained language models, such as BERT and GPT-2. Existing analogy datasets typically focus on a limited set of analogical relations, with a high similarity of the two domains between which the analogy holds. As a more realistic setup, we introduce the Scientific and Creative Analogy dataset (SCAN), a novel analogy dataset containing systematic mappings of multiple attributes and relational structures across dissimilar domains. Using this dataset, we test the analogical reasoning capabilities of several widely-used pretrained language models (LMs). We find that state-of-the-art LMs achieve low performance on these complex analogy tasks, highlighting the challenges still posed by analogy understanding.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Learning for 5G Base Station Traffic Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15220">arxiv:2211.15220</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Vasileios Perifanis, Nikolaos Pavlidis, Remous-Aris Koutsiamanis, Pavlos S. Efraimidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Mobile traffic prediction is of great importance on the path of enabling 5G mobile networks to perform smart and efficient infrastructure planning and management. However, available data are limited to base station logging information. Hence, training methods for generating high-quality predictions that can generalize to new observations on different parties are in demand. Traditional approaches require collecting measurements from different base stations and sending them to a central entity, followed by performing machine learning operations using the received data. The dissemination of local observations raises privacy, confidentiality, and performance concerns, hindering the applicability of machine learning techniques. Various distributed learning methods have been proposed to address this issue, but their application to traffic prediction has yet to be explored. In this work, we study the effectiveness of federated learning applied to raw base station aggregated LTE data for time-series forecasting. We evaluate one-step predictions using 5 different neural network architectures trained with a federated setting on non-iid data. The presented algorithms have been submitted to the Global Federated Traffic Prediction for 5G and Beyond Challenge. Our results show that the learning architectures adapted to the federated setting achieve equivalent prediction error to the centralized setting, pre-processing techniques on base stations lead to higher forecasting accuracy, while state-of-the-art aggregators do not outperform simple approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Easy Begun is Half Done: Spatial-Temporal Graph Modeling with ST-Curriculum Dropout</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15182">arxiv:2211.15182</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hongjun Wang, Jiyuan Chen, Tong Pan, Zipei Fan, Boyuan Zhang, Renhe Jiang, Lingyu Zhang, Yi Xie, Zhongyi Wang, Xuan Song</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spatial-temporal (ST) graph modeling, such as traffic speed forecasting and taxi demand prediction, is an important task in deep learning area. However, for the nodes in graph, their ST patterns can vary greatly in difficulties for modeling, owning to the heterogeneous nature of ST data. We argue that unveiling the nodes to the model in a meaningful order, from easy to complex, can provide performance improvements over traditional training procedure. The idea has its root in Curriculum Learning which suggests in the early stage of training models can be sensitive to noise and difficult samples. In this paper, we propose ST-Curriculum Dropout, a novel and easy-to-implement strategy for spatial-temporal graph modeling. Specifically, we evaluate the learning difficulty of each node in high-level feature space and drop those difficult ones out to ensure the model only needs to handle fundamental ST relations at the beginning, before gradually moving to hard ones. Our strategy can be applied to any canonical deep learning architecture without extra trainable parameters, and extensive experiments on a wide range of datasets are conducted to illustrate that, by controlling the difficulty level of ST relations as the training progresses, the model is able to capture better representation of the data and thus yields better generalization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explaining Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Classification by Evolving Local Interpretable Model-agnostic Explanations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15143">arxiv:2211.15143</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Bin Wang, Wenbin Pei, Bing Xue, Mengjie Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep convolutional neural networks have proven their effectiveness, and have been acknowledged as the most dominant method for image classification. However, a severe drawback of deep convolutional neural networks is poor explainability. Unfortunately, in many real-world applications, users need to understand the rationale behind the predictions of deep convolutional neural networks when determining whether they should trust the predictions or not. To resolve this issue, a novel genetic algorithm-based method is proposed for the first time to automatically evolve local explanations that can assist users to assess the rationality of the predictions. Furthermore, the proposed method is model-agnostic, i.e., it can be utilised to explain any deep convolutional neural network models. In the experiments, ResNet is used as an example model to be explained, and the ImageNet dataset is selected as the benchmark dataset. DenseNet and MobileNet are further explained to demonstrate the model-agnostic characteristic of the proposed method. The evolved local explanations on four images, randomly selected from ImageNet, are presented, which show that the evolved local explanations are straightforward to be recognised by humans. Moreover, the evolved explanations can explain the predictions of deep convolutional neural networks on all four images very well by successfully capturing meaningful interpretable features of the sample images. Further analysis based on the 30 runs of the experiments exhibits that the evolved local explanations can also improve the probabilities/confidences of the deep convolutional neural network models in making the predictions. The proposed method can obtain local explanations within one minute, which is more than ten times faster than LIME (the state-of-the-art method).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SI-GAT: A method based on improved Graph Attention Network for sonar image classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15133">arxiv:2211.15133</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Can Lei, Huigang Wang, Juan Lei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The existing sonar image classification methods based on deep learning are often analyzed in Euclidean space, only considering the local image features. For this reason, this paper presents a sonar classification method based on improved Graph Attention Network (GAT), namely SI-GAT, which is applicable to multiple types imaging sonar. This method quantifies the correlation relationship between nodes based on the joint calculation of color proximity and spatial proximity that represent the sonar characteristics in non-Euclidean space, then the KNN (K-Nearest Neighbor) algorithm is used to determine the neighborhood range and adjacency matrix in the graph attention mechanism, which are jointly considered with the attention coefficient matrix to construct the key part of the SI-GAT. This SI-GAT is superior to several CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) methods based on Euclidean space through validation of real data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Handling and extracting key entities from customer conversations using Speech recognition and Named Entity recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.17107">arxiv:2211.17107</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sharvi Endait, Ruturaj Ghatage, Prof. DD Kadam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this modern era of technology with e-commerce developing at a rapid pace, it is very important to understand customer requirements and details from a business conversation. It is very crucial for customer retention and satisfaction. Extracting key insights from these conversations is very important when it comes to developing their product or solving their issue. Understanding customer feedback, responses, and important details of the product are essential and it would be done using Named entity recognition (NER). For extracting the entities we would be converting the conversations to text using the optimal speech-to-text model. The model would be a two-stage network in which the conversation is converted to text. Then, suitable entities are extracted using robust techniques using a NER BERT transformer model. This will aid in the enrichment of customer experience when there is an issue which is faced by them. If a customer faces a problem he will call and register his complaint. The model will then extract the key features from this conversation which will be necessary to look into the problem. These features would include details like the order number, and the exact problem. All these would be extracted directly from the conversation and this would reduce the effort of going through the conversation again.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Compressing Cross-Lingual Multi-Task Models at Qualtrics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15927">arxiv:2211.15927</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Daniel Campos, Daniel Perry, Samir Joshi, Yashmeet Gambhir, Wei Du, Zhengzheng Xing, Aaron Colak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Experience management is an emerging business area where organizations focus on understanding the feedback of customers and employees in order to improve their end-to-end experiences. This results in a unique set of machine learning problems to help understand how people feel, discover issues they care about, and find which actions need to be taken on data that are different in content and distribution from traditional NLP domains. In this paper, we present a case study of building text analysis applications that perform multiple classification tasks efficiently in 12 languages in the nascent business area of experience management. In order to scale up modern ML methods on experience data, we leverage cross lingual and multi-task modeling techniques to consolidate our models into a single deployment to avoid overhead. We also make use of model compression and model distillation to reduce overall inference latency and hardware cost to the level acceptable for business needs while maintaining model prediction quality. Our findings show that multi-task modeling improves task performance for a subset of experience management tasks in both XLM-R and mBert architectures. Among the compressed architectures we explored, we found that MiniLM achieved the best compression/performance tradeoff. Our case study demonstrates a speedup of up to 15.61x with 2.60% average task degradation (or 3.29x speedup with 1.71% degradation) and estimated savings of 44% over using the original full-size model. These results demonstrate a successful scaling up of text classification for the challenging new area of ML for experience management.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Equivalence Between SE(3) Equivariant Networks via Steerable Kernels and Group Convolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15903">arxiv:2211.15903</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Adrien Poulenard, Maks Ovsjanikov, Leonidas J. Guibas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A wide range of techniques have been proposed in recent years for designing neural networks for 3D data that are equivariant under rotation and translation of the input. Most approaches for equivariance under the Euclidean group $\mathrm{SE}(3)$ of rotations and translations fall within one of the two major categories. The first category consists of methods that use $\mathrm{SE}(3)$-convolution which generalizes classical $\mathbb{R}^3$-convolution on signals over $\mathrm{SE}(3)$. Alternatively, it is possible to use \textit{steerable convolution} which achieves $\mathrm{SE}(3)$-equivariance by imposing constraints on $\mathbb{R}^3$-convolution of tensor fields. It is known by specialists in the field that the two approaches are equivalent, with steerable convolution being the Fourier transform of $\mathrm{SE}(3)$ convolution. Unfortunately, these results are not widely known and moreover the exact relations between deep learning architectures built upon these two approaches have not been precisely described in the literature on equivariant deep learning. In this work we provide an in-depth analysis of both methods and their equivalence and relate the two constructions to multiview convolutional networks. Furthermore, we provide theoretical justifications of separability of $\mathrm{SE}(3)$ group convolution, which explain the applicability and success of some recent approaches. Finally, we express different methods using a single coherent formalism and provide explicit formulas that relate the kernels learned by different methods. In this way, our work helps to unify different previously-proposed techniques for achieving roto-translational equivariance, and helps to shed light on both the utility and precise differences between various alternatives. We also derive new TFN non-linearities from our equivalence principle and test them on practical benchmark datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-robot Social-aware Cooperative Planning in Pedestrian Environments Using Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15901">arxiv:2211.15901</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zichen He, Chunwei Song, Lu Dong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Safe and efficient co-planning of multiple robots in pedestrian participation environments is promising for applications. In this work, a novel multi-robot social-aware efficient cooperative planner that on the basis of off-policy multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) under partial dimension-varying observation and imperfect perception conditions is proposed. We adopt temporal-spatial graph (TSG)-based social encoder to better extract the importance of social relation between each robot and the pedestrians in its field of view (FOV). Also, we introduce K-step lookahead reward setting in multi-robot RL framework to avoid aggressive, intrusive, short-sighted, and unnatural motion decisions generated by robots. Moreover, we improve the traditional centralized critic network with multi-head global attention module to better aggregates local observation information among different robots to guide the process of individual policy update. Finally, multi-group experimental results verify the effectiveness of the proposed cooperative motion planner.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Extreme-Adaptive Time Series Prediction Model Based on Probability-Enhanced LSTM Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15891">arxiv:2211.15891</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yanhong Li, Jack Xu, David C. Anastasiu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Forecasting time series with extreme events has been a challenging and prevalent research topic, especially when the time series data are affected by complicated uncertain factors, such as is the case in hydrologic prediction. Diverse traditional and deep learning models have been applied to discover the nonlinear relationships and recognize the complex patterns in these types of data. However, existing methods usually ignore the negative influence of imbalanced data, or severe events, on model training. Moreover, methods are usually evaluated on a small number of generally well-behaved time series, which does not show their ability to generalize. To tackle these issues, we propose a novel probability-enhanced neural network model, called NEC+, which concurrently learns extreme and normal prediction functions and a way to choose among them via selective back propagation. We evaluate the proposed model on the difficult 3-day ahead hourly water level prediction task applied to 9 reservoirs in California. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art baselines and exhibits superior generalization ability on data with diverse distributions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MegaBlocks: Efficient Sparse Training with Mixture-of-Experts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15841">arxiv:2211.15841</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Trevor Gale, Deepak Narayanan, Cliff Young, Matei Zaharia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present MegaBlocks, a system for efficient Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) training on GPUs. Our system is motivated by the limitations of current frameworks, which restrict the dynamic routing in MoE layers to satisfy the constraints of existing software and hardware. These formulations force a tradeoff between model quality and hardware efficiency, as users must choose between dropping tokens from the computation or wasting computation and memory on padding. To address these limitations, we reformulate MoE computation in terms of block-sparse operations and develop new block-sparse GPU kernels that efficiently handle the dynamism present in MoEs. Our approach never drops tokens and maps efficiently to modern hardware, enabling end-to-end training speedups of up to 40% over MoEs trained with the state-of-the-art Tutel library and 2.4x over DNNs trained with the highly-optimized Megatron-LM framework.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Revisiting Over-smoothing and Over-squashing using Ollivier's Ricci Curvature</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15779">arxiv:2211.15779</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Khang Nguyen, Tan Nguyen, Nhat Ho, Khuong Nguyen, Hieu Nong, Vinh Nguyen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) had been demonstrated to be inherently susceptible to the problems of over-smoothing and over-squashing. These issues prohibit the ability of GNNs to model complex graph interactions by limiting their effectiveness at taking into account distant information. Our study reveals the key connection between the local graph geometry and the occurrence of both of these issues, thereby providing a unified framework for studying them at a local scale using the Ollivier's Ricci curvature. Based on our theory, a number of principled methods are proposed to alleviate the over-smoothing and over-squashing issues.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accelerated Nonnegative Tensor Completion via Integer Programming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15770">arxiv:2211.15770</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wenhao Pan, Anil Aswani, Chen Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The problem of tensor completion has applications in healthcare, computer vision, and other domains. However, past approaches to tensor completion have faced a tension in that they either have polynomial-time computation but require exponentially more samples than the information-theoretic rate, or they use fewer samples but require solving NP-hard problems for which there are no known practical algorithms. A recent approach, based on integer programming, resolves this tension for nonnegative tensor completion. It achieves the information-theoretic sample complexity rate and deploys the Blended Conditional Gradients algorithm, which requires a linear (in numerical tolerance) number of oracle steps to converge to the global optimum. The tradeoff in this approach is that, in the worst case, the oracle step requires solving an integer linear program. Despite this theoretical limitation, numerical experiments show that this algorithm can, on certain instances, scale up to 100 million entries while running on a personal computer. The goal of this paper is to further enhance this algorithm, with the intention to expand both the breadth and scale of instances that can be solved. We explore several variants that can maintain the same theoretical guarantees as the algorithm, but offer potentially faster computation. We consider different data structures, acceleration of gradient descent steps, and the use of the Blended Pairwise Conditional Gradients algorithm. We describe the original approach and these variants, and conduct numerical experiments in order to explore various tradeoffs in these algorithmic design choices.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding the Impact of Adversarial Robustness on Accuracy Disparity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15762">arxiv:2211.15762</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yuzheng Hu, Fan Wu, Hongyang Zhang, Han Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While it has long been empirically observed that adversarial robustness may be at odds with standard accuracy and may have further disparate impacts on different classes, it remains an open question to what extent such observations hold and how the class imbalance plays a role within. In this paper, we attempt to understand this question of accuracy disparity by taking a closer look at linear classifiers under a Gaussian mixture model. We decompose the impact of adversarial robustness into two parts: an inherent effect that will degrade the standard accuracy on all classes, and the other caused by the class imbalance ratio, which will increase the accuracy disparity compared to standard training. Furthermore, we also extend our model to the general family of stable distributions. We demonstrate that while the constraint of adversarial robustness consistently degrades the standard accuracy in the balanced class setting, the class imbalance ratio plays a fundamentally different role in accuracy disparity compared to the Gaussian case, due to the heavy tail of the stable distribution. We additionally perform experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets. The empirical results not only corroborate our theoretical findings, but also suggest that the implications may extend to nonlinear models over real-world datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Empirical Study of Library Usage and Dependency in Deep Learning Frameworks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15733">arxiv:2211.15733</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mohamed Raed El aoun, Lionel Nganyewou Tidjon, Ben Rombaut, Foutse Khomh, Ahmed E. Hassan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances in deep learning (dl) have led to the release of several dl software libraries such as pytorch, Caffe, and TensorFlow, in order to assist machine learning (ml) practitioners in developing and deploying state-of-the-art deep neural networks (DNN), but they are not able to properly cope with limitations in the dl libraries such as testing or data processing. In this paper, we present a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the most frequent dl libraries combination, the distribution of dl library dependencies across the ml workflow, and formulate a set of recommendations to (i) hardware builders for more optimized accelerators and (ii) library builder for more refined future releases. Our study is based on 1,484 open-source dl projects with 46,110 contributors selected based on their reputation. First, we found an increasing trend in the usage of deep learning libraries. Second, we highlight several usage patterns of deep learning libraries. In addition, we identify dependencies between dl libraries and the most frequent combination where we discover that pytorch and Scikit-learn and, Keras and TensorFlow are the most frequent combination in 18% and 14% of the projects. The developer uses two or three dl libraries in the same projects and tends to use different multiple dl libraries in both the same function and the same files. The developer shows patterns in using various deep-learning libraries and prefers simple functions with fewer arguments and straightforward goals. Finally, we present the implications of our findings for researchers, library maintainers, and hardware vendors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Train smarter, not harder: learning deep abdominal CT registration on scarce data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15717">arxiv:2211.15717</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Javier Pérez de Frutos, André Pedersen, Egidijus Pelanis, David Bouget, Shanmugapriya Survarachakan, Thomas Langø, Ole-Jakob Elle, Frank Lindseth</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Purpose: This study aims to explore training strategies to improve convolutional neural network-based image-to-image registration for abdominal imaging. Methods: Different training strategies, loss functions, and transfer learning schemes were considered. Furthermore, an augmentation layer which generates artificial training image pairs on-the-fly was proposed, in addition to a loss layer that enables dynamic loss weighting. Results: Guiding registration using segmentations in the training step proved beneficial for deep-learning-based image registration. Finetuning the pretrained model from the brain MRI dataset to the abdominal CT dataset further improved performance on the latter application, removing the need for a large dataset to yield satisfactory performance. Dynamic loss weighting also marginally improved performance, all without impacting inference runtime. Conclusion: Using simple concepts, we improved the performance of a commonly used deep image registration architecture, VoxelMorph. In future work, our framework, DDMR, should be validated on different datasets to further assess its value.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Benchmarking simulated and physical quantum processing units using quantum and hybrid algorithms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15631">arxiv:2211.15631</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mohammad Kordzanganeh, Markus Buchberger, Maxim Povolotskii, Wilhelm Fischer, Andrii Kurkin, Wilfrid Somogyi, Asel Sagingalieva, Markus Pflitsch, Alexey Melnikov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Powerful hardware services and software libraries are vital tools for quickly and affordably designing, testing, and executing quantum algorithms. A robust large-scale study of how the performance of these platforms scales with the number of qubits is key to providing quantum solutions to challenging industry problems. Such an evaluation is difficult owing to the availability and price of physical quantum processing units. This work benchmarks the runtime and accuracy for a representative sample of specialized high-performance simulated and physical quantum processing units. Results show the QMware cloud computing service can reduce the runtime for executing a quantum circuit by up to 78% compared to the next fastest option for algorithms with fewer than 27 qubits. The AWS SV1 simulator offers a runtime advantage for larger circuits, up to the maximum 34 qubits available with SV1. Beyond this limit, QMware provides the ability to execute circuits as large as 40 qubits. Physical quantum devices, such as Rigetti's Aspen-M2, can provide an exponential runtime advantage for circuits with more than 30. However, the high financial cost of physical quantum processing units presents a serious barrier to practical use. Moreover, of the four quantum devices tested, only IonQ's Harmony achieves high fidelity with more than four qubits. This study paves the way to understanding the optimal combination of available software and hardware for executing practical quantum algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Frustratingly Easy Label Projection for Cross-lingual Transfer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15613">arxiv:2211.15613</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yang Chen, Chao Jiang, Alan Ritter, Wei Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Translating training data into many languages has emerged as a practical solution for improving cross-lingual transfer. For tasks that involve span-level annotations, such as information extraction or question answering, an additional label projection step is required to map annotated spans onto the translated texts. Recently, a few efforts have utilized a simple mark-then-translate method to jointly perform translation and projection by inserting special markers around the labeled spans in the original sentence. However, as far as we are aware, no empirical analysis has been conducted on how this approach compares to traditional annotation projection based on word alignment. In this paper, we present an extensive empirical study across 42 languages and three tasks (QA, NER, and Event Extraction) to evaluate the effectiveness and limitations of both methods, filling an important gap in the literature. Experimental results show that our optimized version of mark-then-translate, which we call EasyProject, is easily applied to many languages and works surprisingly well, outperforming the more complex word alignment-based methods. We analyze several key factors that affect end-task performance, and show EasyProject works well because it can accurately preserve label span boundaries after translation. We will publicly release all our code and data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Beyond S-curves: Recurrent Neural Networks for Technology Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15334">arxiv:2211.15334</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alexander Glavackij, Dimitri Percia David, Alain Mermoud, Angelika Romanou, Karl Aberer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Because of the considerable heterogeneity and complexity of the technological landscape, building accurate models to forecast is a challenging endeavor. Due to their high prevalence in many complex systems, S-curves are a popular forecasting approach in previous work. However, their forecasting performance has not been directly compared to other technology forecasting approaches. Additionally, recent developments in time series forecasting that claim to improve forecasting accuracy are yet to be applied to technological development data. This work addresses both research gaps by comparing the forecasting performance of S-curves to a baseline and by developing an autencoder approach that employs recent advances in machine learning and time series forecasting. S-curves forecasts largely exhibit a mean average percentage error (MAPE) comparable to a simple ARIMA baseline. However, for a minority of emerging technologies, the MAPE increases by two magnitudes. Our autoencoder approach improves the MAPE by 13.5% on average over the second-best result. It forecasts established technologies with the same accuracy as the other approaches. However, it is especially strong at forecasting emerging technologies with a mean MAPE 18% lower than the next best result. Our results imply that a simple ARIMA model is preferable over the S-curve for technology forecasting. Practitioners looking for more accurate forecasts should opt for the presented autoencoder approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayesian Network Models of Causal Interventions in Healthcare Decision Making: Literature Review and Software Evaluation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15258">arxiv:2211.15258</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Artem Velikzhanin, Benjie Wang, Marta Kwiatkowska</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This report summarises the outcomes of a systematic literature search to identify Bayesian network models used to support decision making in healthcare. After describing the search methodology, the selected research papers are briefly reviewed, with the view to identify publicly available models and datasets that are well suited to analysis using the causal interventional analysis software tool developed in Wang B, Lyle C, Kwiatkowska M (2021). Finally, an experimental evaluation of applying the software on a selection of models is carried out and preliminary results are reported.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RAMP: A Flat Nanosecond Optical Network and MPI Operations for Distributed Deep Learning Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15226">arxiv:2211.15226</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alessandro Ottino, Joshua Benjamin, Georgios Zervas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Distributed deep learning (DDL) systems strongly depend on network performance. Current electronic packet switched (EPS) network architectures and technologies suffer from variable diameter topologies, low-bisection bandwidth and over-subscription affecting completion time of communication and collective operations.
  We introduce a near-exascale, full-bisection bandwidth, all-to-all, single-hop, all-optical network architecture with nanosecond reconfiguration called RAMP, which supports large-scale distributed and parallel computing systems (12.8~Tbps per node for up to 65,536 nodes).
  For the first time, a custom RAMP-x MPI strategy and a network transcoder is proposed to run MPI collective operations across the optical circuit switched (OCS) network in a schedule-less and contention-less manner. RAMP achieves 7.6-171$\times$ speed-up in completion time across all MPI operations compared to realistic EPS and OCS counterparts. It can also deliver a 1.3-16$\times$ and 7.8-58$\times$ reduction in Megatron and DLRM training time respectively} while offering 42-53$\times$ and 3.3-12.4$\times$ improvement in energy consumption and cost respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Grading based on Collective Artificial Intelligence for AD Diagnosis and Prognosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15192">arxiv:2211.15192</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Huy-Dung Nguyen, Michaël Clément, Boris Mansencal, Pierrick Coupé</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate diagnosis and prognosis of Alzheimer's disease are crucial to develop new therapies and reduce the associated costs. Recently, with the advances of convolutional neural networks, methods have been proposed to automate these two tasks using structural MRI. However, these methods often suffer from lack of interpretability, generalization, and can be limited in terms of performance. In this paper, we propose a novel deep framework designed to overcome these limitations. Our framework consists of two stages. In the first stage, we propose a deep grading model to extract meaningful features. To enhance the robustness of these features against domain shift, we introduce an innovative collective artificial intelligence strategy for training and evaluating steps. In the second stage, we use a graph convolutional neural network to better capture AD signatures. Our experiments based on 2074 subjects show the competitive performance of our deep framework compared to state-of-the-art methods on different datasets for both AD diagnosis and prognosis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data-driven multinomial random forest</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15154">arxiv:2211.15154</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>JunHao Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we strengthen the previous weak consistency proof method of random forest variants into a strong consistency proof method, and strengthen the data-driven degree of RF variants, so as to obtain better theoretical properties and experimental performance. In addition, we also propose a data-driven multinomial random forest (DMRF) based on the multinomial random forest (MRF), which meets the strong consistency and has lower complexity than MRF, and the effect is equal to or better than MRF. As far as we know, DMRF algorithm is a variant of RF with low algorithm complexity and excellent performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Emerging trends in machine learning for computational fluid dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15145">arxiv:2211.15145</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ricardo Vinuesa, Steve Brunton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The renewed interest from the scientific community in machine learning (ML) is opening many new areas of research. Here we focus on how novel trends in ML are providing opportunities to improve the field of computational fluid dynamics (CFD). In particular, we discuss synergies between ML and CFD that have already shown benefits, and we also assess areas that are under development and may produce important benefits in the coming years. We believe that it is also important to emphasize a balanced perspective of cautious optimism for these emerging approaches

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PlasmoID: A dataset for Indonesian malaria parasite detection and segmentation in thin blood smear</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15105">arxiv:2211.15105</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hanung Adi Nugroho, Rizki Nurfauzi, E. Elsa Herdiana Murhandarwati, Purwono Purwono</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Indonesia holds the second-highest-ranking country for the highest number of malaria cases in Southeast Asia. A different malaria parasite semantic segmentation technique based on a deep learning approach is an alternative to reduce the limitations of traditional methods. However, the main problem of the semantic segmentation technique is raised since large parasites are dominant, and the tiny parasites are suppressed. In addition, the amount and variance of data are important influences in establishing their models. In this study, we conduct two contributions. First, we collect 559 microscopic images containing 691 malaria parasites of thin blood smears. The dataset is named PlasmoID, and most data comes from rural Indonesia. PlasmoID also provides ground truth for parasite detection and segmentation purposes. Second, this study proposes a malaria parasite segmentation and detection scheme by combining Faster RCNN and a semantic segmentation technique. The proposed scheme has been evaluated on the PlasmoID dataset. It has been compared with recent studies of semantic segmentation techniques, namely UNet, ResFCN-18, DeepLabV3, DeepLabV3plus and ResUNet-18. The result shows that our proposed scheme can improve the segmentation and detection of malaria parasite performance compared to original semantic segmentation techniques.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robot Kinematics: Motion, Kinematics and Dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15093">arxiv:2211.15093</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiawei Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This is a follow-up tutorial article of our previous article entitled "Robot Basics: Representation, Rotation and Velocity". For better understanding of the topics covered in this articles, we recommend the readers to first read our previous tutorial article on robot basics. Specifically, in this article, we will cover some more advanced topics on robot kinematics, including robot motion, forward kinematics, inverse kinematics, and robot dynamics. For the topics, terminologies and notations introduced in the previous article, we will use them directly without re-introducing them again in this article. Also similar to the previous article, math and formulas will also be heavily used in this article as well (hope the readers are well prepared for the upcoming math bomb). After reading this article, readers should be able to have a deeper understanding about how robot motion, kinematics and dynamics. As to some more advanced topics about robot control, we will introduce them in the following tutorial articles for readers instead.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hierarchy-guided Model Selection for Time Series Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15092">arxiv:2211.15092</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Arindam Jati, Vijay Ekambaram, Shaonli Pal, Brian Quanz, Wesley M. Gifford, Pavithra Harsha, Stuart Siegel, Sumanta Mukherjee, Chandra Narayanaswami</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generalizability of time series forecasting models depends on the quality of model selection. Temporal cross validation (TCV) is a standard technique to perform model selection in forecasting tasks. TCV sequentially partitions the training time series into train and validation windows, and performs hyperparameter optmization (HPO) of the forecast model to select the model with the best validation performance. Model selection with TCV often leads to poor test performance when the test data distribution differs from that of the validation data. We propose a novel model selection method, H-Pro that exploits the data hierarchy often associated with a time series dataset. Generally, the aggregated data at the higher levels of the hierarchy show better predictability and more consistency compared to the bottom-level data which is more sparse and (sometimes) intermittent. H-Pro performs the HPO of the lowest-level student model based on the test proxy forecasts obtained from a set of teacher models at higher levels in the hierarchy. The consistency of the teachers' proxy forecasts help select better student models at the lowest-level. We perform extensive empirical studies on multiple datasets to validate the efficacy of the proposed method. H-Pro along with off-the-shelf forecasting models outperform existing state-of-the-art forecasting methods including the winning models of the M5 point-forecasting competition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Flip Initial Features: Generalization of Neural Networks for Semi-supervised Node Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15081">arxiv:2211.15081</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yoonhyuk Choi, Jiho Choi, Taewook Ko, Chong-Kwon Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph neural networks (GNNs) have been widely used under semi-supervised settings. Prior studies have mainly focused on finding appropriate graph filters (e.g., aggregation schemes) to generalize well for both homophilic and heterophilic graphs. Even though these approaches are essential and effective, they still suffer from the sparsity in initial node features inherent in the bag-of-words representation. Common in semi-supervised learning where the training samples often fail to cover the entire dimensions of graph filters (hyperplanes), this can precipitate over-fitting of specific dimensions in the first projection matrix. To deal with this problem, we suggest a simple and novel strategy; create additional space by flipping the initial features and hyperplane simultaneously. Training in both the original and in the flip space can provide precise updates of learnable parameters. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt that effectively moderates the overfitting problem in GNN. Extensive experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed technique improves the node classification accuracy up to 40.2 %

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to design without prior data: Discovering generalizable design strategies using deep learning and tree search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15068">arxiv:2211.15068</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ayush Raina, Jonathan Cagan, Christopher McComb</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Building an AI agent that can design on its own has been a goal since the 1980s. Recently, deep learning has shown the ability to learn from large-scale data, enabling significant advances in data-driven design. However, learning over prior data limits us only to solve problems that have been solved before and biases data-driven learning towards existing solutions. The ultimate goal for a design agent is the ability to learn generalizable design behavior in a problem space without having seen it before. We introduce a self-learning agent framework in this work that achieves this goal. This framework integrates a deep policy network with a novel tree search algorithm, where the tree search explores the problem space, and the deep policy network leverages self-generated experience to guide the search further. This framework first demonstrates an ability to discover high-performing generative strategies without any prior data, and second, it illustrates a zero-shot generalization of generative strategies across various unseen boundary conditions. This work evaluates the effectiveness and versatility of the framework by solving multiple versions of two engineering design problems without retraining. Overall, this paper presents a methodology to self-learn high-performing and generalizable problem-solving behavior in an arbitrary problem space, circumventing the needs for expert data, existing solutions, and problem-specific learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>State-Aware Proximal Pessimistic Algorithms for Offline Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15065">arxiv:2211.15065</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chen Chen, Hongyao Tang, Yi Ma, Chao Wang, Qianli Shen, Dong Li, Jianye Hao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pessimism is of great importance in offline reinforcement learning (RL). One broad category of offline RL algorithms fulfills pessimism by explicit or implicit behavior regularization. However, most of them only consider policy divergence as behavior regularization, ignoring the effect of how the offline state distribution differs with that of the learning policy, which may lead to under-pessimism for some states and over-pessimism for others. Taking account of this problem, we propose a principled algorithmic framework for offline RL, called \emph{State-Aware Proximal Pessimism} (SA-PP). The key idea of SA-PP is leveraging discounted stationary state distribution ratios between the learning policy and the offline dataset to modulate the degree of behavior regularization in a state-wise manner, so that pessimism can be implemented in a more appropriate way. We first provide theoretical justifications on the superiority of SA-PP over previous algorithms, demonstrating that SA-PP produces a lower suboptimality upper bound in a broad range of settings. Furthermore, we propose a new algorithm named \emph{State-Aware Conservative Q-Learning} (SA-CQL), by building SA-PP upon representative CQL algorithm with the help of DualDICE for estimating discounted stationary state distribution ratios. Extensive experiments on standard offline RL benchmark show that SA-CQL outperforms the popular baselines on a large portion of benchmarks and attains the highest average return.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Artifact Detection in EEG-Based Brain-Computer Interfaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.00727">arxiv:2212.00727</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Xiaoqing Chen, Dongrui Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning has achieved great success in electroencephalogram (EEG) based brain-computer interfaces (BCIs). Most existing BCI research focused on improving its accuracy, but few had considered its security. Recent studies, however, have shown that EEG-based BCIs are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, where small perturbations added to the input can cause misclassification. Detection of adversarial examples is crucial to both the understanding of this phenomenon and the defense. This paper, for the first time, explores adversarial detection in EEG-based BCIs. Experiments on two EEG datasets using three convolutional neural networks were performed to verify the performances of multiple detection approaches. We showed that both white-box and black-box attacks can be detected, and the former are easier to detect.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Device Modeling Bias in ReRAM-based Neural Network Simulations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15925">arxiv:2211.15925</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Osama Yousuf, Imtiaz Hossen, Matthew W. Daniels, Martin Lueker-Boden, Andrew Dienstfrey, Gina C. Adam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data-driven modeling approaches such as jump tables are promising techniques to model populations of resistive random-access memory (ReRAM) or other emerging memory devices for hardware neural network simulations. As these tables rely on data interpolation, this work explores the open questions about their fidelity in relation to the stochastic device behavior they model. We study how various jump table device models impact the attained network performance estimates, a concept we define as modeling bias. Two methods of jump table device modeling, binning and Optuna-optimized binning, are explored using synthetic data with known distributions for benchmarking purposes, as well as experimental data obtained from TiOx ReRAM devices. Results on a multi-layer perceptron trained on MNIST show that device models based on binning can behave unpredictably particularly at low number of points in the device dataset, sometimes over-promising, sometimes under-promising target network accuracy. This paper also proposes device level metrics that indicate similar trends with the modeling bias metric at the network level. The proposed approach opens the possibility for future investigations into statistical device models with better performance, as well as experimentally verified modeling bias in different in-memory computing and neural network architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Performance Evaluation, Optimization and Dynamic Decision in Blockchain Systems: A Recent Overview</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15907">arxiv:2211.15907</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Quan-Lin Li, Yan-Xia Chang, Qing Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With rapid development of blockchain technology as well as integration of various application areas, performance evaluation, performance optimization, and dynamic decision in blockchain systems are playing an increasingly important role in developing new blockchain technology. This paper provides a recent systematic overview of this class of research, and especially, developing mathematical modeling and basic theory of blockchain systems. Important examples include (a) performance evaluation: Markov processes, queuing theory, Markov reward processes, random walks, fluid and diffusion approximations, and martingale theory; (b) performance optimization: Linear programming, nonlinear programming, integer programming, and multi-objective programming; (c) optimal control and dynamic decision: Markov decision processes, and stochastic optimal control; and (d) artificial intelligence: Machine learning, deep reinforcement learning, and federated learning. So far, a little research has focused on these research lines. We believe that the basic theory with mathematical methods, algorithms and simulations of blockchain systems discussed in this paper will strongly support future development and continuous innovation of blockchain technology.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast Hyperparameter Tuning for Ising Machines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15869">arxiv:2211.15869</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Matthieu Parizy, Norihiro Kakuko, Nozomu Togawa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a novel technique to accelerate Ising machines hyperparameter tuning. Firstly, we define Ising machine performance and explain the goal of hyperparameter tuning in regard to this performance definition. Secondly, we compare well-known hyperparameter tuning techniques, namely random sampling and Tree-structured Parzen Estimator (TPE) on different combinatorial optimization problems. Thirdly, we propose a new convergence acceleration method for TPE which we call "FastConvergence".It aims at limiting the number of required TPE trials to reach best performing hyperparameter values combination. We compare FastConvergence to previously mentioned well-known hyperparameter tuning techniques to show its effectiveness. For experiments, well-known Travel Salesman Problem (TSP) and Quadratic Assignment Problem (QAP) instances are used as input. The Ising machine used is Fujitsu's third generation Digital Annealer (DA). Results show, in most cases, FastConvergence can reach similar results to TPE alone within less than half the number of trials.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distributed Energy Management and Demand Response in Smart Grids: A Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15858">arxiv:2211.15858</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Amin Shojaeighadikolaei, Arman Ghasemi, Kailani Jones, Yousif Dafalla, Alexandru G. Bardas, Reza Ahmadi, Morteza Haashemi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents a multi-agent Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) framework for autonomous control and integration of renewable energy resources into smart power grid systems. In particular, the proposed framework jointly considers demand response (DR) and distributed energy management (DEM) for residential end-users. DR has a widely recognized potential for improving power grid stability and reliability, while at the same time reducing end-users energy bills. However, the conventional DR techniques come with several shortcomings, such as the inability to handle operational uncertainties while incurring end-user disutility, which prevents widespread adoption in real-world applications. The proposed framework addresses these shortcomings by implementing DR and DEM based on real-time pricing strategy that is achieved using deep reinforcement learning. Furthermore, this framework enables the power grid service provider to leverage distributed energy resources (i.e., PV rooftop panels and battery storage) as dispatchable assets to support the smart grid during peak hours, thus achieving management of distributed energy resources. Simulation results based on the Deep Q-Network (DQN) demonstrate significant improvements of the 24-hour accumulative profit for both prosumers and the power grid service provider, as well as major reductions in the utilization of the power grid reserve generators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Using a Conditional Generative Adversarial Network to Control the Statistical Characteristics of Generated Images for IACT Data Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15807">arxiv:2211.15807</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Julia Dubenskaya, Alexander Kryukov, Andrey Demichev, Stanislav Polyakov, Elizaveta Gres, Anna Vlaskina</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generative adversarial networks are a promising tool for image generation in the astronomy domain. Of particular interest are conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs), which allow you to divide images into several classes according to the value of some property of the image, and then specify the required class when generating new images. In the case of images from Imaging Atmospheric Cherenkov Telescopes (IACTs), an important property is the total brightness of all image pixels (image size), which is in direct correlation with the energy of primary particles. We used a cGAN technique to generate images similar to whose obtained in the TAIGA-IACT experiment. As a training set, we used a set of two-dimensional images generated using the TAIGA Monte Carlo simulation software. We artificiallly divided the training set into 10 classes, sorting images by size and defining the boundaries of the classes so that the same number of images fall into each class. These classes were used while training our network. The paper shows that for each class, the size distribution of the generated images is close to normal with the mean value located approximately in the middle of the corresponding class. We also show that for the generated images, the total image size distribution obtained by summing the distributions over all classes is close to the original distribution of the training set. The results obtained will be useful for more accurate generation of realistic synthetic images similar to the ones taken by IACTs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CWD: A Machine Learning based Approach to Detect Unknown Cloud Workloads</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15739">arxiv:2211.15739</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mohammad Hossain, Derssie Mebratu, Niranjan Hasabnis, Jun Jin, Gaurav Chaudhary, Noah Shen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Workloads in modern cloud data centers are becoming increasingly complex. The number of workloads running in cloud data centers has been growing exponentially for the last few years, and cloud service providers (CSP) have been supporting on-demand services in real-time. Realizing the growing complexity of cloud environment and cloud workloads, hardware vendors such as Intel and AMD are increasingly introducing cloud-specific workload acceleration features in their CPU platforms. These features are typically targeted towards popular and commonly-used cloud workloads. Nonetheless, uncommon, customer-specific workloads (unknown workloads), if their characteristics are different from common workloads (known workloads), may not realize the potential of the underlying platform. To address this problem of realizing the full potential of the underlying platform, we develop a machine learning based technique to characterize, profile and predict workloads running in the cloud environment. Experimental evaluation of our technique demonstrates good prediction performance. We also develop techniques to analyze the performance of the model in a standalone manner.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting pathways for old and new metabolites through clustering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15720">arxiv:2211.15720</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Thiru Siddharth, Nathan Lewis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The diverse metabolic pathways are fundamental to all living organisms, as they harvest energy, synthesize biomass components, produce molecules to interact with the microenvironment, and neutralize toxins. While discovery of new metabolites and pathways continues, the prediction of pathways for new metabolites can be challenging. It can take vast amounts of time to elucidate pathways for new metabolites; thus, according to HMDB only 60% of metabolites get assigned to pathways. Here, we present an approach to identify pathways based on metabolite structure. We extracted 201 features from SMILES annotations, and identified new metabolites from PubMed abstracts and HMDB. After applying clustering algorithms to both groups of features, we quantified correlations between metabolites, and found the clusters accurately linked 92% of known metabolites to their respective pathways. Thus, this approach could be valuable for predicting metabolic pathways for new metabolites.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Gamma-convergence of a nonlocal perimeter arising in adversarial machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15223">arxiv:2211.15223</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Leon Bungert, Kerrek Stinson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we prove Gamma-convergence of a nonlocal perimeter of Minkowski type to a local anisotropic perimeter. The nonlocal model describes the regularizing effect of adversarial training in binary classifications. The energy essentially depends on the interaction between two distributions modelling likelihoods for the associated classes. We overcome typical strict regularity assumptions for the distributions by only assuming that they have bounded $BV$ densities. In the natural topology coming from compactness, we prove Gamma-convergence to a weighted perimeter with weight determined by an anisotropic function of the two densities. Despite being local, this sharp interface limit reflects classification stability with respect to adversarial perturbations. We further apply our results to deduce Gamma-convergence of the associated total variations, to study the asymptotics of adversarial training, and to prove Gamma-convergence of graph discretizations for the nonlocal perimeter.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lightweight and Adaptive FDD Massive MIMO CSI Feedback with Deep Equilibrium Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15079">arxiv:2211.15079</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yifan Ma, Wentao Yu, Xianghao Yu, Jun Zhang, Shenghui Song, Khaled B. Letaief</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In frequency-division duplexing (FDD) massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems, downlink channel state information (CSI) needs to be sent from users back to the base station (BS), which causes prohibitive feedback overhead. In this paper, we propose a lightweight and adaptive deep learning-based CSI feedback scheme by capitalizing on deep equilibrium models. Different from existing deep learning-based approaches that stack multiple explicit layers, we propose an implicit equilibrium block to mimic the process of an infinite-depth neural network. In particular, the implicit equilibrium block is defined by a fixed-point iteration and the trainable parameters in each iteration are shared, which results in a lightweight model. Furthermore, the number of forward iterations can be adjusted according to the users' computational capability, achieving an online accuracy-efficiency trade-off. Simulation results will show that the proposed method obtains a comparable performance as the existing benchmarks but with much-reduced complexity and permits an accuracy-efficiency trade-off at runtime.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Wearing the Same Outfit in Different Ways -- A Controllable Virtual Try-on Method</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.16989">arxiv:2211.16989</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Kedan Li, Jeffrey Zhang, Shao-Yu Chang, David Forsyth</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An outfit visualization method generates an image of a person wearing real garments from images of those garments. Current methods can produce images that look realistic and preserve garment identity, captured in details such as collar, cuffs, texture, hem, and sleeve length. However, no current method can both control how the garment is worn -- including tuck or untuck, opened or closed, high or low on the waist, etc.. -- and generate realistic images that accurately preserve the properties of the original garment. We describe an outfit visualization method that controls drape while preserving garment identity. Our system allows instance independent editing of garment drape, which means a user can construct an edit (e.g. tucking a shirt in a specific way) that can be applied to all shirts in a garment collection. Garment detail is preserved by relying on a warping procedure to place the garment on the body and a generator then supplies fine shading detail. To achieve instance independent control, we use control points with garment category-level semantics to guide the warp. The method produces state-of-the-art quality images, while allowing creative ways to style garments, including allowing tops to be tucked or untucked; jackets to be worn open or closed; skirts to be worn higher or lower on the waist; and so on. The method allows interactive control to correct errors in individual renderings too. Because the edits are instance independent, they can be applied to large pools of garments automatically and can be conditioned on garment metadata (e.g. all cropped jackets are worn closed or all bomber jackets are worn closed).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Faster $k$-means++ Algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.15118">arxiv:2211.15118</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Jiehao Liang, Somdeb Sarkhel, Zhao Song, Chenbo Yin, Danyang Zhuo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** K-means++ is an important algorithm to choose initial cluster centers for the k-means clustering algorithm. In this work, we present a new algorithm that can solve the $k$-means++ problem with near optimal running time. Given $n$ data points in $\mathbb{R}^d$, the current state-of-the-art algorithm runs in $\widetilde{O}(k )$ iterations, and each iteration takes $\widetilde{O}(nd k)$ time. The overall running time is thus $\widetilde{O}(n d k^2)$. We propose a new algorithm \textsc{FastKmeans++} that only takes in $\widetilde{O}(nd + nk^2)$ time, in total.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.11.27]({{ '/2022/11/27/2022.11.27.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.11.29]({{ '/2022/11/29/2022.11.29.html' | relative_url }})