Prev: [2022.08.05]({{ '/2022/08/05/2022.08.05.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.08.07]({{ '/2022/08/07/2022.08.07.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-08-06, created on 2022-08-10


<details><summary><b>Recurrent networks, hidden states and beliefs in partially observable environments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03520">arxiv:2208.03520</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Gaspard Lambrechts, Adrien Bolland, Damien Ernst</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning aims to learn optimal policies from interaction with environments whose dynamics are unknown. Many methods rely on the approximation of a value function to derive near-optimal policies. In partially observable environments, these functions depend on the complete sequence of observations and past actions, called the history. In this work, we show empirically that recurrent neural networks trained to approximate such value functions internally filter the posterior probability distribution of the current state given the history, called the belief. More precisely, we show that, as a recurrent neural network learns the Q-function, its hidden states become more and more correlated with the beliefs of state variables that are relevant to optimal control. This correlation is measured through their mutual information. In addition, we show that the expected return of an agent increases with the ability of its recurrent architecture to reach a high mutual information between its hidden states and the beliefs. Finally, we show that the mutual information between the hidden states and the beliefs of variables that are irrelevant for optimal control decreases through the learning process. In summary, this work shows that in its hidden states, a recurrent neural network approximating the Q-function of a partially observable environment reproduces a sufficient statistic from the history that is correlated to the relevant part of the belief for taking optimal actions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transformer-based assignment decision network for multiple object tracking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03571">arxiv:2208.03571</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Athena Psalta, Vasileios Tsironis, Konstantinos Karantzalos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data association is a crucial component for any multiple object tracking (MOT) method that follows the tracking-by-detection paradigm. To generate complete trajectories such methods employ a data association process to establish assignments between detections and existing targets during each timestep. Recent data association approaches try to solve a multi-dimensional linear assignment task or a network flow minimization problem or either tackle it via multiple hypotheses tracking. However, during inference an optimization step that computes optimal assignments is required for every sequence frame adding significant computational complexity in any given solution. To this end, in the context of this work we introduce Transformer-based Assignment Decision Network (TADN) that tackles data association without the need of any explicit optimization during inference. In particular, TADN can directly infer assignment pairs between detections and active targets in a single forward pass of the network. We have integrated TADN in a rather simple MOT framework, we designed a novel training strategy for efficient end-to-end training and demonstrate the high potential of our approach for online visual tracking-by-detection MOT on two popular benchmarks, i.e. MOT17 and UA-DETRAC. Our proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art in most evaluation metrics despite its simple nature as a tracker which lacks significant auxiliary components such as occlusion handling or re-identification. The implementation of our method is publicly available at https://github.com/psaltaath/tadn-mot.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved Point Estimation for the Rayleigh Regression Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03611">arxiv:2208.03611</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>B. G. Palm, F. M. Bayer, R. J. Cintra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Rayleigh regression model was recently proposed for modeling amplitude values of synthetic aperture radar (SAR) image pixels. However, inferences from such model are based on the maximum likelihood estimators, which can be biased for small signal lengths. The Rayleigh regression model for SAR images often takes into account small pixel windows, which may lead to inaccurate results. In this letter, we introduce bias-adjusted estimators tailored for the Rayleigh regression model based on: (i) the Cox and Snell's method; (ii) the Firth's scheme; and (iii) the parametric bootstrap method. We present numerical experiments considering synthetic and actual SAR data sets. The bias-adjusted estimators yield nearly unbiased estimates and accurate modeling results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Fundamental Limits of Formally (Dis)Proving Robustness in Proof-of-Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03567">arxiv:2208.03567</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Congyu Fang, Hengrui Jia, Anvith Thudi, Mohammad Yaghini, Christopher A. Choquette-Choo, Natalie Dullerud, Varun Chandrasekaran, Nicolas Papernot</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Proof-of-learning (PoL) proposes a model owner use machine learning training checkpoints to establish a proof of having expended the necessary compute for training. The authors of PoL forego cryptographic approaches and trade rigorous security guarantees for scalability to deep learning by being applicable to stochastic gradient descent and adaptive variants. This lack of formal analysis leaves the possibility that an attacker may be able to spoof a proof for a model they did not train.
  We contribute a formal analysis of why the PoL protocol cannot be formally (dis)proven to be robust against spoofing adversaries. To do so, we disentangle the two roles of proof verification in PoL: (a) efficiently determining if a proof is a valid gradient descent trajectory, and (b) establishing precedence by making it more expensive to craft a proof after training completes (i.e., spoofing). We show that efficient verification results in a tradeoff between accepting legitimate proofs and rejecting invalid proofs because deep learning necessarily involves noise. Without a precise analytical model for how this noise affects training, we cannot formally guarantee if a PoL verification algorithm is robust. Then, we demonstrate that establishing precedence robustly also reduces to an open problem in learning theory: spoofing a PoL post hoc training is akin to finding different trajectories with the same endpoint in non-convex learning. Yet, we do not rigorously know if priori knowledge of the final model weights helps discover such trajectories.
  We conclude that, until the aforementioned open problems are addressed, relying more heavily on cryptography is likely needed to formulate a new class of PoL protocols with formal robustness guarantees. In particular, this will help with establishing precedence. As a by-product of insights from our analysis, we also demonstrate two novel attacks against PoL.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Study of detecting behavioral signatures within DeepFake videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03561">arxiv:2208.03561</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Qiaomu Miao, Sinhwa Kang, Stacy Marsella, Steve DiPaola, Chao Wang, Ari Shapiro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is strong interest in the generation of synthetic video imagery of people talking for various purposes, including entertainment, communication, training, and advertisement. With the development of deep fake generation models, synthetic video imagery will soon be visually indistinguishable to the naked eye from a naturally capture video. In addition, many methods are continuing to improve to avoid more careful, forensic visual analysis. Some deep fake videos are produced through the use of facial puppetry, which directly controls the head and face of the synthetic image through the movements of the actor, allow the actor to 'puppet' the image of another. In this paper, we address the question of whether one person's movements can be distinguished from the original speaker by controlling the visual appearance of the speaker but transferring the behavior signals from another source. We conduct a study by comparing synthetic imagery that: 1) originates from a different person speaking a different utterance, 2) originates from the same person speaking a different utterance, and 3) originates from a different person speaking the same utterance. Our study shows that synthetic videos in all three cases are seen as less real and less engaging than the original source video. Our results indicate that there could be a behavioral signature that is detectable from a person's movements that is separate from their visual appearance, and that this behavioral signature could be used to distinguish a deep fake from a properly captured video.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Accurate and Explainable Deep Learning System Improves Interobserver Agreement in the Interpretation of Chest Radiograph</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03545">arxiv:2208.03545</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hieu H. Pham, Ha Q. Nguyen, Hieu T. Nguyen, Linh T. Le, Lam Khanh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms have achieved radiologist-level performance on various medical classification tasks. However, only a few studies addressed the localization of abnormal findings from CXR scans, which is essential in explaining the image-level classification to radiologists. We introduce in this paper an explainable deep learning system called VinDr-CXR that can classify a CXR scan into multiple thoracic diseases and, at the same time, localize most types of critical findings on the image. VinDr-CXR was trained on 51,485 CXR scans with radiologist-provided bounding box annotations. It demonstrated a comparable performance to experienced radiologists in classifying 6 common thoracic diseases on a retrospective validation set of 3,000 CXR scans, with a mean area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) of 0.967 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.958-0.975). The VinDr-CXR was also externally validated in independent patient cohorts and showed its robustness. For the localization task with 14 types of lesions, our free-response receiver operating characteristic (FROC) analysis showed that the VinDr-CXR achieved a sensitivity of 80.2% at the rate of 1.0 false-positive lesion identified per scan. A prospective study was also conducted to measure the clinical impact of the VinDr-CXR in assisting six experienced radiologists. The results indicated that the proposed system, when used as a diagnosis supporting tool, significantly improved the agreement between radiologists themselves with an increase of 1.5% in mean Fleiss' Kappa. We also observed that, after the radiologists consulted VinDr-CXR's suggestions, the agreement between each of them and the system was remarkably increased by 3.3% in mean Cohen's Kappa.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HaloAE: An HaloNet based Local Transformer Auto-Encoder for Anomaly Detection and Localization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03486">arxiv:2208.03486</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>E. Mathian, H. Liu, L. Fernandez-Cuesta, D. Samaras, M. Foll, L. Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised anomaly detection and localization is a crucial task as it is impossible to collect and label all possible anomalies. Many studies have emphasized the importance of integrating local and global information to achieve accurate segmentation of anomalies. To this end, there has been a growing interest in Transformer, which allows modeling long-range content interactions. However, global interactions through self attention are generally too expensive for most image scales. In this study, we introduce HaloAE, the first auto-encoder based on a local 2D version of Transformer with HaloNet. With HaloAE, we have created a hybrid model that combines convolution and local 2D block-wise self-attention layers and jointly performs anomaly detection and segmentation through a single model. We achieved competitive results on the MVTec dataset, suggesting that vision models incorporating Transformer could benefit from a local computation of the self-attention operation, and pave the way for other applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LFGCF: Light Folksonomy Graph Collaborative Filtering for Tag-Aware Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03454">arxiv:2208.03454</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yin Zhang, Can Xu, XianJun Wu, Yan Zhang, LiGang Dong, Weigang Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tag-aware recommendation is a task of predicting a personalized list of items for a user by their tagging behaviors. It is crucial for many applications with tagging capabilities like last.fm or movielens. Recently, many efforts have been devoted to improving Tag-aware recommendation systems (TRS) with Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN), which has become new state-of-the-art for the general recommendation. However, some solutions are directly inherited from GCN without justifications, which is difficult to alleviate the sparsity, ambiguity, and redundancy issues introduced by tags, thus adding to difficulties of training and degrading recommendation performance.
  In this work, we aim to simplify the design of GCN to make it more concise for TRS. We propose a novel tag-aware recommendation model named Light Folksonomy Graph Collaborative Filtering (LFGCF), which only includes the essential GCN components. Specifically, LFGCF first constructs Folksonomy Graphs from the records of user assigning tags and item getting tagged. Then we leverage the simple design of aggregation to learn the high-order representations on Folksonomy Graphs and use the weighted sum of the embeddings learned at several layers for information updating. We share tags embeddings to bridge the information gap between users and items. Besides, a regularization function named TransRT is proposed to better depict user preferences and item features. Extensive hyperparameters experiments and ablation studies on three real-world datasets show that LFGCF uses fewer parameters and significantly outperforms most baselines for the tag-aware top-N recommendations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Adversarial Learning: A Framework with Convergence Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03635">arxiv:2208.03635</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Xiaoxiao Li, Zhao Song, Jiaming Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning (FL) is a trending training paradigm to utilize decentralized training data. FL allows clients to update model parameters locally for several epochs, then share them to a global model for aggregation. This training paradigm with multi-local step updating before aggregation exposes unique vulnerabilities to adversarial attacks. Adversarial training is a popular and effective method to improve the robustness of networks against adversaries. In this work, we formulate a general form of federated adversarial learning (FAL) that is adapted from adversarial learning in the centralized setting. On the client side of FL training, FAL has an inner loop to generate adversarial samples for adversarial training and an outer loop to update local model parameters. On the server side, FAL aggregates local model updates and broadcast the aggregated model. We design a global robust training loss and formulate FAL training as a min-max optimization problem. Unlike the convergence analysis in classical centralized training that relies on the gradient direction, it is significantly harder to analyze the convergence in FAL for three reasons: 1) the complexity of min-max optimization, 2) model not updating in the gradient direction due to the multi-local updates on the client-side before aggregation and 3) inter-client heterogeneity. We address these challenges by using appropriate gradient approximation and coupling techniques and present the convergence analysis in the over-parameterized regime. Our main result theoretically shows that the minimum loss under our algorithm can converge to $ε$ small with chosen learning rate and communication rounds. It is noteworthy that our analysis is feasible for non-IID clients.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Continual Learning for Tumor Classification in Histopathology Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03609">arxiv:2208.03609</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Veena Kaustaban, Qinle Ba, Ipshita Bhattacharya, Nahil Sobh, Satarupa Mukherjee, Jim Martin, Mohammad Saleh Miri, Christoph Guetter, Amal Chaturvedi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent years have seen great advancements in the development of deep learning models for histopathology image analysis in digital pathology applications, evidenced by the increasingly common deployment of these models in both research and clinical settings. Although such models have shown unprecedented performance in solving fundamental computational tasks in DP applications, they suffer from catastrophic forgetting when adapted to unseen data with transfer learning. With an increasing need for deep learning models to handle ever changing data distributions, including evolving patient population and new diagnosis assays, continual learning models that alleviate model forgetting need to be introduced in DP based analysis. However, to our best knowledge, there is no systematic study of such models for DP-specific applications. Here, we propose CL scenarios in DP settings, where histopathology image data from different sources/distributions arrive sequentially, the knowledge of which is integrated into a single model without training all the data from scratch. We then established an augmented dataset for colorectal cancer H&E classification to simulate shifts of image appearance and evaluated CL model performance in the proposed CL scenarios. We leveraged a breast tumor H&E dataset along with the colorectal cancer to evaluate CL from different tumor types. In addition, we evaluated CL methods in an online few-shot setting under the constraints of annotation and computational resources. We revealed promising results of CL in DP applications, potentially paving the way for application of these methods in clinical practice.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved Pancreatic Tumor Detection by Utilizing Clinically-Relevant Secondary Features</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03581">arxiv:2208.03581</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Christiaan G. A. Viviers, Mark Ramaekers, Peter H. N. de With, Dimitrios Mavroeidis, Joost Nederend, Misha Luyer, Fons van der Sommen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pancreatic cancer is one of the global leading causes of cancer-related deaths. Despite the success of Deep Learning in computer-aided diagnosis and detection (CAD) methods, little attention has been paid to the detection of Pancreatic Cancer. We propose a method for detecting pancreatic tumor that utilizes clinically-relevant features in the surrounding anatomical structures, thereby better aiming to exploit the radiologist's knowledge compared to other, conventional deep learning approaches. To this end, we collect a new dataset consisting of 99 cases with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) and 97 control cases without any pancreatic tumor. Due to the growth pattern of pancreatic cancer, the tumor may not be always visible as a hypodense lesion, therefore experts refer to the visibility of secondary external features that may indicate the presence of the tumor. We propose a method based on a U-Net-like Deep CNN that exploits the following external secondary features: the pancreatic duct, common bile duct and the pancreas, along with a processed CT scan. Using these features, the model segments the pancreatic tumor if it is present. This segmentation for classification and localization approach achieves a performance of 99% sensitivity (one case missed) and 99% specificity, which realizes a 5% increase in sensitivity over the previous state-of-the-art method. The model additionally provides location information with reasonable accuracy and a shorter inference time compared to previous PDAC detection methods. These results offer a significant performance improvement and highlight the importance of incorporating the knowledge of the clinical expert when developing novel CAD methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Constrained self-supervised method with temporal ensembling for fiber bundle detection on anatomic tracing data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03569">arxiv:2208.03569</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Vaanathi Sundaresan, Julia F. Lehman, Sean Fitzgibbon, Saad Jbabdi, Suzanne N. Haber, Anastasia Yendiki</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Anatomic tracing data provides detailed information on brain circuitry essential for addressing some of the common errors in diffusion MRI tractography. However, automated detection of fiber bundles on tracing data is challenging due to sectioning distortions, presence of noise and artifacts and intensity/contrast variations. In this work, we propose a deep learning method with a self-supervised loss function that takes anatomy-based constraints into account for accurate segmentation of fiber bundles on the tracer sections from macaque brains. Also, given the limited availability of manual labels, we use a semi-supervised training technique for efficiently using unlabeled data to improve the performance, and location constraints for further reduction of false positives. Evaluation of our method on unseen sections from a different macaque yields promising results with a true positive rate of ~0.90. The code for our method is available at https://github.com/v-sundaresan/fiberbundle_seg_tracing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Adaptive and Altruistic PSO-based Deep Feature Selection Method for Pneumonia Detection from Chest X-Rays</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03558">arxiv:2208.03558</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Rishav Pramanik, Sourodip Sarkar, Ram Sarkar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pneumonia is one of the major reasons for child mortality especially in income-deprived regions of the world. Although it can be detected and treated with very less sophisticated instruments and medication, Pneumonia detection still remains a major concern in developing countries. Computer-aided based diagnosis (CAD) systems can be used in such countries due to their lower operating costs than professional medical experts. In this paper, we propose a CAD system for Pneumonia detection from Chest X-rays, using the concepts of deep learning and a meta-heuristic algorithm. We first extract deep features from the pre-trained ResNet50, fine-tuned on a target Pneumonia dataset. Then, we propose a feature selection technique based on particle swarm optimization (PSO), which is modified using a memory-based adaptation parameter, and enriched by incorporating an altruistic behavior into the agents. We name our feature selection method as adaptive and altruistic PSO (AAPSO). The proposed method successfully eliminates non-informative features obtained from the ResNet50 model, thereby improving the Pneumonia detection ability of the overall framework. Extensive experimentation and thorough analysis on a publicly available Pneumonia dataset establish the superiority of the proposed method over several other frameworks used for Pneumonia detection. Apart from Pneumonia detection, AAPSO is further evaluated on some standard UCI datasets, gene expression datasets for cancer prediction and a COVID-19 prediction dataset. The overall results are satisfactory, thereby confirming the usefulness of AAPSO in dealing with varied real-life problems. The supporting source codes of this work can be found at https://github.com/rishavpramanik/AAPSO

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning-enabled Spatial Phase Unwrapping for 3D Measurement</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03524">arxiv:2208.03524</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Xiaolong Luo, Wanzhong Song, Songlin Bai, Yu Li, Zhihe Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In terms of 3D imaging speed and system cost, the single-camera system projecting single-frequency patterns is the ideal option among all proposed Fringe Projection Profilometry (FPP) systems. This system necessitates a robust spatial phase unwrapping (SPU) algorithm. However, robust SPU remains a challenge in complex scenes. Quality-guided SPU algorithms need more efficient ways to identify the unreliable points in phase maps before unwrapping. End-to-end deep learning SPU methods face generality and interpretability problems. This paper proposes a hybrid method combining deep learning and traditional path-following for robust SPU in FPP. This hybrid SPU scheme demonstrates better robustness than traditional quality-guided SPU methods, better interpretability than end-to-end deep learning scheme, and generality on unseen data. Experiments on the real dataset of multiple illumination conditions and multiple FPP systems differing in image resolution, the number of fringes, fringe direction, and optics wavelength verify the effectiveness of the proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NeuCASL: From Logic Design to System Simulation of Neuromorphic Engines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03500">arxiv:2208.03500</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Dharanidhar Dang, Amitash Nanda, Bill Lin, Debashis Sahoo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With Moore's law saturating and Dennard scaling hitting its wall, traditional Von Neuman systems cannot offer the GFlops/watt for compute-intensive algorithms such as CNN. Recent trends in unconventional computing approaches give us hope to design highly energy-efficient computing systems for such algorithms. Neuromorphic computing is a promising such approach with its brain-inspired circuitry, use of emerging technologies, and low-power nature. Researchers use a variety of novel technologies such as memristors, silicon photonics, FinFET, and carbon nanotubes to demonstrate a neuromorphic computer. However, a flexible CAD tool to start from neuromorphic logic design and go up to architectural simulation is yet to be demonstrated to support the rise of this promising paradigm. In this project, we aim to build NeuCASL, an opensource python-based full system CAD framework for neuromorphic logic design, circuit simulation, and system performance and reliability estimation. This is a first of its kind to the best of our knowledge.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analysing the Memorability of a Procedural Crime-Drama TV Series, CSI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03479">arxiv:2208.03479</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sean Cummins, Lorin Sweeney, Alan F. Smeaton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We investigate the memorability of a 5-season span of a popular crime-drama TV series, CSI, through the application of a vision transformer fine-tuned on the task of predicting video memorability. By investigating the popular genre of crime-drama TV through the use of a detailed annotated corpus combined with video memorability scores, we show how to extrapolate meaning from the memorability scores generated on video shots. We perform a quantitative analysis to relate video shot memorability to a variety of aspects of the show. The insights we present in this paper illustrate the importance of video memorability in applications which use multimedia in areas like education, marketing, indexing, as well as in the case here namely TV and film production.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detecting Algorithmically Generated Domains Using a GCNN-LSTM Hybrid Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03445">arxiv:2208.03445</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zheng Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Domain generation algorithm (DGA) is used by botnets to build a stealthy command and control (C&C) communication channel between the C&C server and the bots. A DGA can periodically produce a large number of pseudo-random algorithmically generated domains (AGDs). AGD detection algorithms provide a lightweight, promising solution in response to the existing DGA techniques. In this paper, a GCNN (gated convolutional neural network)-LSTM (long short-term memory) Hybrid Neural Network (GLHNN) for AGD detection is proposed. In GLHNN, GCNN is applied to extract the informative features from domain names on top of LSTM which further processes the feature sequence. GLHNN is experimentally validated using representative AGDs covering six classes of DGAs. GLHNN is compared with the state-of-the-art detection models and demonstrates the best overall detection performance among these tested models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Parabolic Relaxation for Quadratically-constrained Quadratic Programming -- Part II: Theoretical & Computational Results</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03625">arxiv:2208.03625</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ramtin Madani, Mersedeh Ashraphijuo, Mohsen Kheirandishfard, Alper Atamturk</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the first part of this work [32], we introduce a convex parabolic relaxation for quadratically-constrained quadratic programs, along with a sequential penalized parabolic relaxation algorithm to recover near-optimal feasible solutions. In this second part, we show that starting from a feasible solution or a near-feasible solution satisfying certain regularity conditions, the sequential penalized parabolic relaxation algorithm convergences to a point which satisfies Karush-Kuhn-Tucker optimality conditions. Next, we present numerical experiments on benchmark non-convex QCQP problems as well as large-scale instances of system identification problem demonstrating the efficiency of the proposed approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Parabolic Relaxation for Quadratically-constrained Quadratic Programming -- Part I: Definitions & Basic Properties</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03622">arxiv:2208.03622</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ramtin Madani, Mersedeh Ashraphijuo, Mohsen Kheirandishfard, Alper Atamturk</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For general quadratically-constrained quadratic programming (QCQP), we propose a parabolic relaxation described with convex quadratic constraints. An interesting property of the parabolic relaxation is that the original non-convex feasible set is contained on the boundary of the parabolic relaxation. Under certain assumptions, this property enables one to recover near-optimal feasible points via objective penalization. Moreover, through an appropriate change of coordinates that requires a one-time computation of an optimal basis, the easier-to-solve parabolic relaxation can be made as strong as a semidefinite programming (SDP) relaxation, which can be effective in accelerating algorithms that require solving a sequence of convex surrogates. The majority of theoretical and computational results are given in the next part of this work [57].

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Blackbox Attacks via Surrogate Ensemble Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03610">arxiv:2208.03610</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Zikui Cai, Chengyu Song, Srikanth Krishnamurthy, Amit Roy-Chowdhury, M. Salman Asif</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Blackbox adversarial attacks can be categorized into transfer- and query-based attacks. Transfer methods do not require any feedback from the victim model, but provide lower success rates compared to query-based methods. Query attacks often require a large number of queries for success. To achieve the best of both approaches, recent efforts have tried to combine them, but still require hundreds of queries to achieve high success rates (especially for targeted attacks). In this paper, we propose a novel method for blackbox attacks via surrogate ensemble search (BASES) that can generate highly successful blackbox attacks using an extremely small number of queries. We first define a perturbation machine that generates a perturbed image by minimizing a weighted loss function over a fixed set of surrogate models. To generate an attack for a given victim model, we search over the weights in the loss function using queries generated by the perturbation machine. Since the dimension of the search space is small (same as the number of surrogate models), the search requires a small number of queries. We demonstrate that our proposed method achieves better success rate with at least 30x fewer queries compared to state-of-the-art methods on different image classifiers trained with ImageNet (including VGG-19, DenseNet-121, and ResNext-50). In particular, our method requires as few as 3 queries per image (on average) to achieve more than a 90% success rate for targeted attacks and 1-2 queries per image for over a 99% success rate for non-targeted attacks. Our method is also effective on Google Cloud Vision API and achieved a 91% non-targeted attack success rate with 2.9 queries per image. We also show that the perturbations generated by our proposed method are highly transferable and can be adopted for hard-label blackbox attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning Closure Models for Large-Eddy Simulation of Flows around Bluff Bodies</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03498">arxiv:2208.03498</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Justin Sirignano, Jonathan F. MacArt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A deep learning (DL) closure model for large-eddy simulation (LES) is developed and evaluated for incompressible flows around a rectangular cylinder at moderate Reynolds numbers. Near-wall flow simulation remains a central challenge in aerodynamic modeling: RANS predictions of separated flows are often inaccurate, while LES can require prohibitively small near-wall mesh sizes. The DL-LES model is trained using adjoint PDE optimization methods to match, as closely as possible, direct numerical simulation (DNS) data. It is then evaluated out-of-sample (i.e., for new aspect ratios and Reynolds numbers not included in the training data) and compared against a standard LES model (the dynamic Smagorinsky model). The DL-LES model outperforms dynamic Smagorinsky and is able to achieve accurate LES predictions on a relatively coarse mesh (downsampled from the DNS grid by a factor of four in each Cartesian direction). We study the accuracy of the DL-LES model for predicting the drag coefficient, mean flow, and Reynolds stress. A crucial challenge is that the LES quantities of interest are the steady-state flow statistics; for example, the time-averaged mean velocity $\bar{u}(x) = \displaystyle \lim_{t \rightarrow \infty} \frac{1}{t} \int_0^t u(s,x) dx$. Calculating the steady-state flow statistics therefore requires simulating the DL-LES equations over a large number of flow times through the domain; it is a non-trivial question whether an unsteady partial differential equation model whose functional form is defined by a deep neural network can remain stable and accurate on $t \in [0, \infty)$. Our results demonstrate that the DL-LES model is accurate and stable over large physical time spans, enabling the estimation of the steady-state statistics for the velocity, fluctuations, and drag coefficient of turbulent flows around bluff bodies relevant to aerodynamic applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Human Cognitive Appraisal Through Reinforcement Memory Unit</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03473">arxiv:2208.03473</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yaosi Hu, Zhenzhong Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel memory-enhancing mechanism for recurrent neural networks that exploits the effect of human cognitive appraisal in sequential assessment tasks. We conceptualize the memory-enhancing mechanism as Reinforcement Memory Unit (RMU) that contains an appraisal state together with two positive and negative reinforcement memories. The two reinforcement memories are decayed or strengthened by stronger stimulus. Thereafter the appraisal state is updated through the competition of positive and negative reinforcement memories. Therefore, RMU can learn the appraisal variation under violent changing of the stimuli for estimating human affective experience. As shown in the experiments of video quality assessment and video quality of experience tasks, the proposed reinforcement memory unit achieves superior performance among recurrent neural networks, that demonstrates the effectiveness of RMU for modeling human cognitive appraisal.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.08.05]({{ '/2022/08/05/2022.08.05.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.08.07]({{ '/2022/08/07/2022.08.07.html' | relative_url }})