Prev: [2022.09.04]({{ '/2022/09/04/2022.09.04.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.09.06]({{ '/2022/09/06/2022.09.06.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-09-05, created on 2022-09-09


<details><summary><b>Bayesian Neural Network Inference via Implicit Models and the Posterior Predictive Distribution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02188">arxiv:2209.02188</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Joel Janek Dabrowski, Daniel Edward Pagendam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel approach to perform approximate Bayesian inference in complex models such as Bayesian neural networks. The approach is more scalable to large data than Markov Chain Monte Carlo, it embraces more expressive models than Variational Inference, and it does not rely on adversarial training (or density ratio estimation). We adopt the recent approach of constructing two models: (1) a primary model, tasked with performing regression or classification; and (2) a secondary, expressive (e.g. implicit) model that defines an approximate posterior distribution over the parameters of the primary model. However, we optimise the parameters of the posterior model via gradient descent according to a Monte Carlo estimate of the posterior predictive distribution -- which is our only approximation (other than the posterior model). Only a likelihood needs to be specified, which can take various forms such as loss functions and synthetic likelihoods, thus providing a form of a likelihood-free approach. Furthermore, we formulate the approach such that the posterior samples can either be independent of, or conditionally dependent upon the inputs to the primary model. The latter approach is shown to be capable of increasing the apparent complexity of the primary model. We see this being useful in applications such as surrogate and physics-based models. To promote how the Bayesian paradigm offers more than just uncertainty quantification, we demonstrate: uncertainty quantification, multi-modality, as well as an application with a recent deep forecasting neural network architecture.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Advancing Reacting Flow Simulations with Data-Driven Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02051">arxiv:2209.02051</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Kamila Zdybał, Giuseppe D'Alessio, Gianmarco Aversano, Mohammad Rafi Malik, Axel Coussement, James C. Sutherland, Alessandro Parente</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The use of machine learning algorithms to predict behaviors of complex systems is booming. However, the key to an effective use of machine learning tools in multi-physics problems, including combustion, is to couple them to physical and computer models. The performance of these tools is enhanced if all the prior knowledge and the physical constraints are embodied. In other words, the scientific method must be adapted to bring machine learning into the picture, and make the best use of the massive amount of data we have produced, thanks to the advances in numerical computing. The present chapter reviews some of the open opportunities for the application of data-driven reduced-order modeling of combustion systems. Examples of feature extraction in turbulent combustion data, empirical low-dimensional manifold (ELDM) identification, classification, regression, and reduced-order modeling are provided.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TFN: An Interpretable Neural Network with Time-Frequency Transform Embedded for Intelligent Fault Diagnosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01992">arxiv:2209.01992</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Qian Chen, Xingjian Dong, Guowei Tu, Dong Wang, Baoxuan Zhao, Zhike Peng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are widely used in fault diagnosis of mechanical systems due to their powerful feature extraction and classification capabilities. However, the CNN is a typical black-box model, and the mechanism of CNN's decision-making are not clear, which limits its application in high-reliability-required fault diagnosis scenarios. To tackle this issue, we propose a novel interpretable neural network termed as Time-Frequency Network (TFN), where the physically meaningful time-frequency transform (TFT) method is embedded into the traditional convolutional layer as an adaptive preprocessing layer. This preprocessing layer named as time-frequency convolutional (TFconv) layer, is constrained by a well-designed kernel function to extract fault-related time-frequency information. It not only improves the diagnostic performance but also reveals the logical foundation of the CNN prediction in the frequency domain. Different TFT methods correspond to different kernel functions of the TFconv layer. In this study, four typical TFT methods are considered to formulate the TFNs and their effectiveness and interpretability are proved through three mechanical fault diagnosis experiments. Experimental results also show that the proposed TFconv layer can be easily generalized to other CNNs with different depths. The code of TFN is available on https://github.com/ChenQian0618/TFN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Trust in Language Grounding: a new AI challenge for human-robot teams</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02066">arxiv:2209.02066</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>David M. Bossens, Christine Evers</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The challenge of language grounding is to fully understand natural language by grounding language in real-world referents. While AI techniques are available, the widespread adoption and effectiveness of such technologies for human-robot teams relies critically on user trust. This survey provides three contributions relating to the newly emerging field of trust in language grounding, including a) an overview of language grounding research in terms of AI technologies, data sets, and user interfaces; b) six hypothesised trust factors relevant to language grounding, which are tested empirically on a human-robot cleaning team; and c) future research directions for trust in language grounding.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Assistive Robotics with Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02160">arxiv:2209.02160</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yash Jakhotiya, Iman Haque</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Assistive Robotics is a class of robotics concerned with aiding humans in daily care tasks that they may be inhibited from doing due to disabilities or age. While research has demonstrated that classical control methods can be used to design policies to complete these tasks, these methods can be difficult to generalize to a variety of instantiations of a task. Reinforcement learning can provide a solution to this issue, wherein robots are trained in simulation and their policies are transferred to real-world machines. In this work, we replicate a published baseline for training robots on three tasks in the Assistive Gym environment, and we explore the usage of a Recurrent Neural Network and Phasic Policy Gradient learning to augment the original work. Our baseline implementation meets or exceeds the baseline of the original work, however, we found that our explorations into the new methods was not as effective as we anticipated. We discuss the results of our baseline, and some thoughts on why our new methods were not successful.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MO2: Model-Based Offline Options</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01947">arxiv:2209.01947</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Sasha Salter, Markus Wulfmeier, Dhruva Tirumala, Nicolas Heess, Martin Riedmiller, Raia Hadsell, Dushyant Rao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The ability to discover useful behaviours from past experience and transfer them to new tasks is considered a core component of natural embodied intelligence. Inspired by neuroscience, discovering behaviours that switch at bottleneck states have been long sought after for inducing plans of minimum description length across tasks. Prior approaches have either only supported online, on-policy, bottleneck state discovery, limiting sample-efficiency, or discrete state-action domains, restricting applicability. To address this, we introduce Model-Based Offline Options (MO2), an offline hindsight framework supporting sample-efficient bottleneck option discovery over continuous state-action spaces. Once bottleneck options are learnt offline over source domains, they are transferred online to improve exploration and value estimation on the transfer domain. Our experiments show that on complex long-horizon continuous control tasks with sparse, delayed rewards, MO2's properties are essential and lead to performance exceeding recent option learning methods. Additional ablations further demonstrate the impact on option predictability and credit assignment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Supervised Contrastive Learning to Classify Paranasal Anomalies in the Maxillary Sinus</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01937">arxiv:2209.01937</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Debayan Bhattacharya, Benjamin Tobias Becker, Finn Behrendt, Marcel Bengs, Dirk Beyersdorff, Dennis Eggert, Elina Petersen, Florian Jansen, Marvin Petersen, Bastian Cheng, Christian Betz, Alexander Schlaefer, Anna Sophie Hoffmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Using deep learning techniques, anomalies in the paranasal sinus system can be detected automatically in MRI images and can be further analyzed and classified based on their volume, shape and other parameters like local contrast. However due to limited training data, traditional supervised learning methods often fail to generalize. Existing deep learning methods in paranasal anomaly classification have been used to diagnose at most one anomaly. In our work, we consider three anomalies. Specifically, we employ a 3D CNN to separate maxillary sinus volumes without anomalies from maxillary sinus volumes with anomalies. To learn robust representations from a small labelled dataset, we propose a novel learning paradigm that combines contrastive loss and cross-entropy loss. Particularly, we use a supervised contrastive loss that encourages embeddings of maxillary sinus volumes with and without anomaly to form two distinct clusters while the cross-entropy loss encourages the 3D CNN to maintain its discriminative ability. We report that optimising with both losses is advantageous over optimising with only one loss. We also find that our training strategy leads to label efficiency. With our method, a 3D CNN classifier achieves an AUROC of 0.85 while a 3D CNN classifier optimised with cross-entropy loss achieves an AUROC of 0.66.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Transfer Learning with Multimodal Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.03137">arxiv:2209.03137</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yulian Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Smart cars, smartphones and other devices in the Internet of Things (IoT), which usually have more than one sensors, produce multimodal data. Federated Learning supports collecting a wealth of multimodal data from different devices without sharing raw data. Transfer Learning methods help transfer knowledge from some devices to others. Federated Transfer Learning methods benefit both Federated Learning and Transfer Learning. This newly proposed Federated Transfer Learning framework aims at connecting data islands with privacy protection. Our construction is based on Federated Learning and Transfer Learning. Compared with previous Federated Transfer Learnings, where each user should have data with identical modalities (either all unimodal or all multimodal), our new framework is more generic, it allows a hybrid distribution of user data. The core strategy is to use two different but inherently connected training methods for our two types of users. Supervised Learning is adopted for users with only unimodal data (Type 1), while Self-Supervised Learning is applied to user with multimodal data (Type 2) for both the feature of each modality and the connection between them. This connection knowledge of Type 2 will help Type 1 in later stages of training. Training in the new framework can be divided in three steps. In the first step, users who have data with the identical modalities are grouped together. For example, user with only sound signals are in group one, and those with only images are in group two, and users with multimodal data are in group three, and so on. In the second step, Federated Learning is executed within the groups, where Supervised Learning and Self-Supervised Learning are used depending on the group's nature. Most of the Transfer Learning happens in the third step, where the related parts in the network obtained from the previous steps are aggregated (federated).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>White-Box Adversarial Policies in Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02167">arxiv:2209.02167</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Stephen Casper, Dylan Hadfield-Menell, Gabriel Kreiman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adversarial examples against AI systems pose both risks via malicious attacks and opportunities for improving robustness via adversarial training. In multiagent settings, adversarial policies can be developed by training an adversarial agent to minimize a victim agent's rewards. Prior work has studied black-box attacks where the adversary only sees the state observations and effectively treats the victim as any other part of the environment. In this work, we experiment with white-box adversarial policies to study whether an agent's internal state can offer useful information for other agents. We make three contributions. First, we introduce white-box adversarial policies in which an attacker can observe a victim's internal state at each timestep. Second, we demonstrate that white-box access to a victim makes for better attacks in two-agent environments, resulting in both faster initial learning and higher asymptotic performance against the victim. Third, we show that training against white-box adversarial policies can be used to make learners in single-agent environments more robust to domain shifts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rare but Severe Neural Machine Translation Errors Induced by Minimal Deletion: An Empirical Study on Chinese and English</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02145">arxiv:2209.02145</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ruikang Shi, Alvin Grissom II, Duc Minh Trinh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We examine the inducement of rare but severe errors in English-Chinese and Chinese-English in-domain neural machine translation by minimal deletion of the source text with character-based models. By deleting a single character, we find that we can induce severe errors in the translation. We categorize these errors and compare the results of deleting single characters and single words. We also examine the effect of training data size on the number and types of pathological cases induced by these minimal perturbations, finding significant variation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Class-Incremental Learning via Knowledge Amalgamation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02112">arxiv:2209.02112</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Marcus de Carvalho, Mahardhika Pratama, Jie Zhang, Yajuan San</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Catastrophic forgetting has been a significant problem hindering the deployment of deep learning algorithms in the continual learning setting. Numerous methods have been proposed to address the catastrophic forgetting problem where an agent loses its generalization power of old tasks while learning new tasks. We put forward an alternative strategy to handle the catastrophic forgetting with knowledge amalgamation (CFA), which learns a student network from multiple heterogeneous teacher models specializing in previous tasks and can be applied to current offline methods. The knowledge amalgamation process is carried out in a single-head manner with only a selected number of memorized samples and no annotations. The teachers and students do not need to share the same network structure, allowing heterogeneous tasks to be adapted to a compact or sparse data representation. We compare our method with competitive baselines from different strategies, demonstrating our approach's advantages.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Applying Machine Learning to Life Insurance: some knowledge sharing to master it</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02057">arxiv:2209.02057</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Antoine Chancel, Laura Bradier, Antoine Ly, Razvan Ionescu, Laurene Martin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine Learning permeates many industries, which brings new source of benefits for companies. However within the life insurance industry, Machine Learning is not widely used in practice as over the past years statistical models have shown their efficiency for risk assessment. Thus insurers may face difficulties to assess the value of the artificial intelligence.
  Focusing on the modification of the life insurance industry over time highlights the stake of using Machine Learning for insurers and benefits that it can bring by unleashing data value.
  This paper reviews traditional actuarial methodologies for survival modeling and extends them with Machine Learning techniques. It points out differences with regular machine learning models and emphasizes importance of specific implementations to face censored data with machine learning models family.In complement to this article, a Python library has been developed. Different open-source Machine Learning algorithms have been adjusted to adapt the specificities of life insurance data, namely censoring and truncation. Such models can be easily applied from this SCOR library to accurately model life insurance risks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Origins of Self-Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02010">arxiv:2209.02010</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Robert Kwiatkowski, Yuhang Hu, Boyuan Chen, Hod Lipson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-Modeling is the process by which an agent, such as an animal or machine, learns to create a predictive model of its own dynamics. Once captured, this self-model can then allow the agent to plan and evaluate various potential behaviors internally using the self-model, rather than using costly physical experimentation. Here, we quantify the benefits of such self-modeling against the complexity of the robot. We find a R2 =0.90 correlation between the number of degrees of freedom a robot has, and the added value of self-modeling as compared to a direct learning baseline. This result may help motivate self modeling in increasingly complex robotic systems, as well as shed light on the origins of self-modeling, and ultimately self-awareness, in animals and humans.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mesh-based 3D Motion Tracking in Cardiac MRI using Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02004">arxiv:2209.02004</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Qingjie Meng, Wenjia Bai, Tianrui Liu, Declan P O'Regan, Daniel Rueckert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** 3D motion estimation from cine cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) images is important for the assessment of cardiac function and diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases. Most of the previous methods focus on estimating pixel-/voxel-wise motion fields in the full image space, which ignore the fact that motion estimation is mainly relevant and useful within the object of interest, e.g., the heart. In this work, we model the heart as a 3D geometric mesh and propose a novel deep learning-based method that can estimate 3D motion of the heart mesh from 2D short- and long-axis CMR images. By developing a differentiable mesh-to-image rasterizer, the method is able to leverage the anatomical shape information from 2D multi-view CMR images for 3D motion estimation. The differentiability of the rasterizer enables us to train the method end-to-end. One advantage of the proposed method is that by tracking the motion of each vertex, it is able to keep the vertex correspondence of 3D meshes between time frames, which is important for quantitative assessment of the cardiac function on the mesh. We evaluate the proposed method on CMR images acquired from the UK Biobank study. Experimental results show that the proposed method quantitatively and qualitatively outperforms both conventional and learning-based cardiac motion tracking methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Detection: Attacking Object Detection in Real Time</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01962">arxiv:2209.01962</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Han Wu, Syed Yunas, Sareh Rowlands, Wenjie Ruan, Johan Wahlstrom</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Intelligent robots hinge on accurate object detection models to perceive the environment. Advances in deep learning security unveil that object detection models are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. However, prior research primarily focuses on attacking static images or offline videos. It is still unclear if such attacks could jeopardize real-world robotic applications in dynamic environments. There is still a gap between theoretical discoveries and real-world applications. We bridge the gap by proposing the first real-time online attack against object detection models. We devised three attacks that fabricate bounding boxes for nonexistent objects at desired locations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PromptAttack: Prompt-based Attack for Language Models via Gradient Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01882">arxiv:2209.01882</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yundi Shi, Piji Li, Changchun Yin, Zhaoyang Han, Lu Zhou, Zhe Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As the pre-trained language models (PLMs) continue to grow, so do the hardware and data requirements for fine-tuning PLMs. Therefore, the researchers have come up with a lighter method called \textit{Prompt Learning}. However, during the investigations, we observe that the prompt learning methods are vulnerable and can easily be attacked by some illegally constructed prompts, resulting in classification errors, and serious security problems for PLMs. Most of the current research ignores the security issue of prompt-based methods. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a malicious prompt template construction method (\textbf{PromptAttack}) to probe the security performance of PLMs. Several unfriendly template construction approaches are investigated to guide the model to misclassify the task. Extensive experiments on three datasets and three PLMs prove the effectiveness of our proposed approach PromptAttack. We also conduct experiments to verify that our method is applicable in few-shot scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Investigating the Impact of Model Misspecification in Neural Simulation-based Inference</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01845">arxiv:2209.01845</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Patrick Cannon, Daniel Ward, Sebastian M. Schmon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Aided by advances in neural density estimation, considerable progress has been made in recent years towards a suite of simulation-based inference (SBI) methods capable of performing flexible, black-box, approximate Bayesian inference for stochastic simulation models. While it has been demonstrated that neural SBI methods can provide accurate posterior approximations, the simulation studies establishing these results have considered only well-specified problems -- that is, where the model and the data generating process coincide exactly. However, the behaviour of such algorithms in the case of model misspecification has received little attention. In this work, we provide the first comprehensive study of the behaviour of neural SBI algorithms in the presence of various forms of model misspecification. We find that misspecification can have a profoundly deleterious effect on performance. Some mitigation strategies are explored, but no approach tested prevents failure in all cases. We conclude that new approaches are required to address model misspecification if neural SBI algorithms are to be relied upon to derive accurate scientific conclusions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamics of Fourier Modes in Torus Generative Adversarial Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01842">arxiv:2209.01842</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ángel González-Prieto, Alberto Mozo, Edgar Talavera, Sandra Gómez-Canaval</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are powerful Machine Learning models capable of generating fully synthetic samples of a desired phenomenon with a high resolution. Despite their success, the training process of a GAN is highly unstable and typically it is necessary to implement several accessory heuristics to the networks to reach an acceptable convergence of the model. In this paper, we introduce a novel method to analyze the convergence and stability in the training of Generative Adversarial Networks. For this purpose, we propose to decompose the objective function of the adversary min-max game defining a periodic GAN into its Fourier series. By studying the dynamics of the truncated Fourier series for the continuous Alternating Gradient Descend algorithm, we are able to approximate the real flow and to identify the main features of the convergence of the GAN. This approach is confirmed empirically by studying the training flow in a $2$-parametric GAN aiming to generate an unknown exponential distribution. As byproduct, we show that convergent orbits in GANs are small perturbations of periodic orbits so the Nash equillibria are spiral attractors. This theoretically justifies the slow and unstable training observed in GANs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Armed Bandits with Self-Information Rewards</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02211">arxiv:2209.02211</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nir Weinberger, Michal Yemini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper introduces the informational multi-armed bandit (IMAB) model in which at each round, a player chooses an arm, observes a symbol, and receives an unobserved reward in the form of the symbol's self-information. Thus, the expected reward of an arm is the Shannon entropy of the probability mass function of the source that generates its symbols. The player aims to maximize the expected total reward associated with the entropy values of the arms played. Under the assumption that the alphabet size is known, two UCB-based algorithms are proposed for the IMAB model which consider the biases of the plug-in entropy estimator. The first algorithm optimistically corrects the bias term in the entropy estimation. The second algorithm relies on data-dependent confidence intervals that adapt to sources with small entropy values. Performance guarantees are provided by upper bounding the expected regret of each of the algorithms. Furthermore, in the Bernoulli case, the asymptotic behavior of these algorithms is compared to the Lai-Robbins lower bound for the pseudo regret. Additionally, under the assumption that the \textit{exact} alphabet size is unknown, and instead the player only knows a loose upper bound on it, a UCB-based algorithm is proposed, in which the player aims to reduce the regret caused by the unknown alphabet size in a finite time regime. Numerical results illustrating the expected regret of the algorithms presented in the paper are provided.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>What to Prune and What Not to Prune at Initialization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02201">arxiv:2209.02201</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Maham Haroon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Post-training dropout based approaches achieve high sparsity and are well established means of deciphering problems relating to computational cost and overfitting in Neural Network architectures. Contrastingly, pruning at initialization is still far behind. Initialization pruning is more efficacious when it comes to scaling computation cost of the network. Furthermore, it handles overfitting just as well as post training dropout.
  In approbation of the above reasons, the paper presents two approaches to prune at initialization. The goal is to achieve higher sparsity while preserving performance. 1) K-starts, begins with k random p-sparse matrices at initialization. In the first couple of epochs the network then determines the "fittest" of these p-sparse matrices in an attempt to find the "lottery ticket" p-sparse network. The approach is adopted from how evolutionary algorithms find the best individual. Depending on the Neural Network architecture, fitness criteria can be based on magnitude of network weights, magnitude of gradient accumulation over an epoch or a combination of both. 2) Dissipating gradients approach, aims at eliminating weights that remain within a fraction of their initial value during the first couple of epochs. Removing weights in this manner despite their magnitude best preserves performance of the network. Contrarily, the approach also takes the most epochs to achieve higher sparsity. 3) Combination of dissipating gradients and kstarts outperforms either methods and random dropout consistently.
  The benefits of using the provided pertaining approaches are: 1) They do not require specific knowledge of the classification task, fixing of dropout threshold or regularization parameters 2) Retraining of the model is neither necessary nor affects the performance of the p-sparse network.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Impact analysis of recovery cases due to COVID19 using LSTM deep learning model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02173">arxiv:2209.02173</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Md Ershadul Haque, Samiul Hoque</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The present world is badly affected by novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Using medical kits to identify the coronavirus affected persons are very slow. What happens in the next, nobody knows. The world is facing erratic problem and do not know what will happen in near future. This paper is trying to make prognosis of the coronavirus recovery cases using LSTM (Long Short Term Memory). This work exploited data of 258 regions, their latitude and longitude and the number of death of 403 days ranging from 22-01-2020 to 27-02-2021. Specifically, advanced deep learning-based algorithms known as the LSTM, play a great effect on extracting highly essential features for time series data (TSD) analysis.There are lots of methods which already use to analyze propagation prediction. The main task of this paper culminates in analyzing the spreading of Coronavirus across worldwide recovery cases using LSTM deep learning-based architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>To Compute or not to Compute? Adaptive Smart Sensing in Resource-Constrained Edge Computing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02166">arxiv:2209.02166</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Luca Ballotta, Giovanni Peserico, Francesco Zanini, Paolo Dini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider a network of smart sensors for edge computing application that sample a signal of interest and send updates to a base station for remote global monitoring. Sensors are equipped with sensing and compute, and can either send raw data or process them on-board before transmission. Limited hardware resources at the edge generate a fundamental latency-accuracy trade-off: raw measurements are inaccurate but timely, whereas accurate processed updates are available after computational delay. Also, if sensor on-board processing entails data compression, latency caused by wireless communication might be higher for raw measurements. Hence, one needs to decide when sensors should transmit raw measurements or rely on local processing to maximize overall network performance. To tackle this sensing design problem, we model an estimation-theoretic optimization framework that embeds computation and communication delays, and propose a Reinforcement Learning-based approach to dynamically allocate computational resources at each sensor. Effectiveness of our proposed approach is validated through numerical simulations with case studies motivated by the Internet of Drones and self-driving vehicles.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SR-GNN: Spatial Relation-aware Graph Neural Network for Fine-Grained Image Categorization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02109">arxiv:2209.02109</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Asish Bera, Zachary Wharton, Yonghuai Liu, Nik Bessis, Ardhendu Behera</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Over the past few years, a significant progress has been made in deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs)-based image recognition. This is mainly due to the strong ability of such networks in mining discriminative object pose and parts information from texture and shape. This is often inappropriate for fine-grained visual classification (FGVC) since it exhibits high intra-class and low inter-class variances due to occlusions, deformation, illuminations, etc. Thus, an expressive feature representation describing global structural information is a key to characterize an object/ scene. To this end, we propose a method that effectively captures subtle changes by aggregating context-aware features from most relevant image-regions and their importance in discriminating fine-grained categories avoiding the bounding-box and/or distinguishable part annotations. Our approach is inspired by the recent advancement in self-attention and graph neural networks (GNNs) approaches to include a simple yet effective relation-aware feature transformation and its refinement using a context-aware attention mechanism to boost the discriminability of the transformed feature in an end-to-end learning process. Our model is evaluated on eight benchmark datasets consisting of fine-grained objects and human-object interactions. It outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches by a significant margin in recognition accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prediction Based Decision Making for Autonomous Highway Driving</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02106">arxiv:2209.02106</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mustafa Yildirim, Sajjad Mozaffari, Luc McCutcheon, Mehrdad Dianati, Alireza Tamaddoni-Nezhad Saber Fallah</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autonomous driving decision-making is a challenging task due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty in traffic. For example, adjacent vehicles may change their lane or overtake at any time to pass a slow vehicle or to help traffic flow. Anticipating the intention of surrounding vehicles, estimating their future states and integrating them into the decision-making process of an automated vehicle can enhance the reliability of autonomous driving in complex driving scenarios. This paper proposes a Prediction-based Deep Reinforcement Learning (PDRL) decision-making model that considers the manoeuvre intentions of surrounding vehicles in the decision-making process for highway driving. The model is trained using real traffic data and tested in various traffic conditions through a simulation platform. The results show that the proposed PDRL model improves the decision-making performance compared to a Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) model by decreasing collision numbers, resulting in safer driving.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GRASP: A Goodness-of-Fit Test for Classification Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02064">arxiv:2209.02064</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Adel Javanmard, Mohammad Mehrabi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Performance of classifiers is often measured in terms of average accuracy on test data. Despite being a standard measure, average accuracy fails in characterizing the fit of the model to the underlying conditional law of labels given the features vector ($Y|X$), e.g. due to model misspecification, over fitting, and high-dimensionality. In this paper, we consider the fundamental problem of assessing the goodness-of-fit for a general binary classifier. Our framework does not make any parametric assumption on the conditional law $Y|X$, and treats that as a black box oracle model which can be accessed only through queries. We formulate the goodness-of-fit assessment problem as a tolerance hypothesis testing of the form \[ H_0: \mathbb{E}\Big[D_f\Big({\sf Bern}(η(X))\|{\sf Bern}(\hatη(X))\Big)\Big]\leq τ\,, \] where $D_f$ represents an $f$-divergence function, and $η(x)$, $\hatη(x)$ respectively denote the true and an estimate likelihood for a feature vector $x$ admitting a positive label. We propose a novel test, called \grasp for testing $H_0$, which works in finite sample settings, no matter the features (distribution-free). We also propose model-X \grasp designed for model-X settings where the joint distribution of the features vector is known. Model-X \grasp uses this distributional information to achieve better power. We evaluate the performance of our tests through extensive numerical experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RX-ADS: Interpretable Anomaly Detection using Adversarial ML for Electric Vehicle CAN data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02052">arxiv:2209.02052</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chathurika S. Wickramasinghe, Daniel L. Marino, Harindra S. Mavikumbure, Victor Cobilean, Timothy D. Pennington, Benny J. Varghese, Craig Rieger, Milos Manic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent year has brought considerable advancements in Electric Vehicles (EVs) and associated infrastructures/communications. Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) are widely deployed for anomaly detection in such critical infrastructures. This paper presents an Interpretable Anomaly Detection System (RX-ADS) for intrusion detection in CAN protocol communication in EVs. Contributions include: 1) window based feature extraction method; 2) deep Autoencoder based anomaly detection method; and 3) adversarial machine learning based explanation generation methodology. The presented approach was tested on two benchmark CAN datasets: OTIDS and Car Hacking. The anomaly detection performance of RX-ADS was compared against the state-of-the-art approaches on these datasets: HIDS and GIDS. The RX-ADS approach presented performance comparable to the HIDS approach (OTIDS dataset) and has outperformed HIDS and GIDS approaches (Car Hacking dataset). Further, the proposed approach was able to generate explanations for detected abnormal behaviors arising from various intrusions. These explanations were later validated by information used by domain experts to detect anomalies. Other advantages of RX-ADS include: 1) the method can be trained on unlabeled data; 2) explanations help experts in understanding anomalies and root course analysis, and also help with AI model debugging and diagnostics, ultimately improving user trust in AI systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neuromorphic Visual Odometry with Resonator Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02000">arxiv:2209.02000</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alpha Renner, Lazar Supic, Andreea Danielescu, Giacomo Indiveri, E. Paxon Frady, Friedrich T. Sommer, Yulia Sandamirskaya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autonomous agents require self-localization to navigate in unknown environments. They can use Visual Odometry (VO) to estimate self-motion and localize themselves using visual sensors. This motion-estimation strategy is not compromised by drift as inertial sensors or slippage as wheel encoders. However, VO with conventional cameras is computationally demanding, limiting its application in systems with strict low-latency, -memory, and -energy requirements. Using event-based cameras and neuromorphic computing hardware offers a promising low-power solution to the VO problem. However, conventional algorithms for VO are not readily convertible to neuromorphic hardware. In this work, we present a VO algorithm built entirely of neuronal building blocks suitable for neuromorphic implementation. The building blocks are groups of neurons representing vectors in the computational framework of Vector Symbolic Architecture (VSA) which was proposed as an abstraction layer to program neuromorphic hardware. The VO network we propose generates and stores a working memory of the presented visual environment. It updates this working memory while at the same time estimating the changing location and orientation of the camera. We demonstrate how VSA can be leveraged as a computing paradigm for neuromorphic robotics. Moreover, our results represent an important step towards using neuromorphic computing hardware for fast and power-efficient VO and the related task of simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). We validate this approach experimentally in a robotic task and with an event-based dataset, demonstrating state-of-the-art performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Opening the black-box of Neighbor Embedding with Hotelling's T2 statistic and Q-residuals</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01984">arxiv:2209.01984</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Roman Josef Rainer, Michael Mayr, Johannes Himmelbauer, Ramin Nikzad-Langerodi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In contrast to classical techniques for exploratory analysis of high-dimensional data sets, such as principal component analysis (PCA), neighbor embedding (NE) techniques tend to better preserve the local structure/topology of high-dimensional data. However, the ability to preserve local structure comes at the expense of interpretability: Techniques such as t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE) or Uniform Manifold Approximation and Projection (UMAP) do not give insights into which input variables underlie the topological (cluster) structure seen in the corresponding embedding. We here propose different "tricks" from the chemometrics field based on PCA, Q-residuals and Hotelling's T2 contributions in combination with novel visualization approaches to derive local and global explanations of neighbor embedding. We show how our approach is capable of identifying discriminatory features between groups of data points that remain unnoticed when exploring NEs using standard univariate or multivariate approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Moderately-Balanced Representation Learning for Treatment Effects with Orthogonality Information</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01956">arxiv:2209.01956</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yiyan Huang, Cheuk Hang Leung, Shumin Ma, Qi Wu, Dongdong Wang, Zhixiang Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Estimating the average treatment effect (ATE) from observational data is challenging due to selection bias. Existing works mainly tackle this challenge in two ways. Some researchers propose constructing a score function that satisfies the orthogonal condition, which guarantees that the established ATE estimator is "orthogonal" to be more robust. The others explore representation learning models to achieve a balanced representation between the treated and the controlled groups. However, existing studies fail to 1) discriminate treated units from controlled ones in the representation space to avoid the over-balanced issue; 2) fully utilize the "orthogonality information". In this paper, we propose a moderately-balanced representation learning (MBRL) framework based on recent covariates balanced representation learning methods and orthogonal machine learning theory. This framework protects the representation from being over-balanced via multi-task learning. Simultaneously, MBRL incorporates the noise orthogonality information in the training and validation stages to achieve a better ATE estimation. The comprehensive experiments on benchmark and simulated datasets show the superiority and robustness of our method on treatment effect estimations compared with existing state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep importance sampling using tensor-trains with application to a priori and a posteriori rare event estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01941">arxiv:2209.01941</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tiangang Cui, Sergey Dolgov, Robert Scheichl</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a deep importance sampling method that is suitable for estimating rare event probabilities in high-dimensional problems. We approximate the optimal importance distribution in a general importance sampling problem as the pushforward of a reference distribution under a composition of order-preserving transformations, in which each transformation is formed by a squared tensor-train decomposition. The squared tensor-train decomposition provides a scalable ansatz for building order-preserving high-dimensional transformations via density approximations. The use of composition of maps moving along a sequence of bridging densities alleviates the difficulty of directly approximating concentrated density functions. To compute expectations over unnormalized probability distributions, we design a ratio estimator that estimates the normalizing constant using a separate importance distribution, again constructed via a composition of transformations in tensor-train format. This offers better theoretical variance reduction compared with self-normalized importance sampling, and thus opens the door to efficient computation of rare event probabilities in Bayesian inference problems. Numerical experiments on problems constrained by differential equations show little to no increase in the computational complexity with the event probability going to zero, and allow to compute hitherto unattainable estimates of rare event probabilities for complex, high-dimensional posterior densities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Ensemble of Pre-Trained Neural Networks for Segmentation and Quality Detection of Transmission Electron Microscopy Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01908">arxiv:2209.01908</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Arun Baskaran, Yulin Lin, Jianguo Wen, Maria K. Y. Chan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automated analysis of electron microscopy datasets poses multiple challenges, such as limitation in the size of the training dataset, variation in data distribution induced by variation in sample quality and experiment conditions, etc. It is crucial for the trained model to continue to provide acceptable segmentation/classification performance on new data, and quantify the uncertainty associated with its predictions. Among the broad applications of machine learning, various approaches have been adopted to quantify uncertainty, such as Bayesian modeling, Monte Carlo dropout, ensembles, etc. With the aim of addressing the challenges specific to the data domain of electron microscopy, two different types of ensembles of pre-trained neural networks were implemented in this work. The ensembles performed semantic segmentation of ice crystal within a two-phase mixture, thereby tracking its phase transformation to water. The first ensemble (EA) is composed of U-net style networks having different underlying architectures, whereas the second series of ensembles (ER-i) are composed of randomly initialized U-net style networks, wherein each base learner has the same underlying architecture 'i'. The encoders of the base learners were pre-trained on the Imagenet dataset. The performance of EA and ER were evaluated on three different metrics: accuracy, calibration, and uncertainty. It is seen that EA exhibits a greater classification accuracy and is better calibrated, as compared to ER. While the uncertainty quantification of these two types of ensembles are comparable, the uncertainty scores exhibited by ER were found to be dependent on the specific architecture of its base member ('i') and not consistently better than EA. Thus, the challenges posed for the analysis of electron microscopy datasets appear to be better addressed by an ensemble design like EA, as compared to an ensemble design like ER.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Robust Learning Methodology for Uncertainty-aware Scientific Machine Learning models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01900">arxiv:2209.01900</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Erbet Costa Almeida, Carine de Menezes Rebello, Marcio Fontana, Leizer Schnitman, Idelfonso Bessa dos Reis Nogueira</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Robust learning is an important issue in Scientific Machine Learning (SciML). There are several works in the literature addressing this topic. However, there is an increasing demand for methods that can simultaneously consider all the different uncertainty components involved in SciML model identification. Hence, this work proposes a comprehensive methodology for uncertainty evaluation of the SciML that also considers several possible sources of uncertainties involved in the identification process. The uncertainties considered in the proposed method are the absence of theory and causal models, the sensitiveness to data corruption or imperfection, and the computational effort. Therefore, it was possible to provide an overall strategy for the uncertainty-aware models in the SciML field. The methodology is validated through a case study, developing a Soft Sensor for a polymerization reactor. The results demonstrated that the identified Soft Sensor are robust for uncertainties, corroborating with the consistency of the proposed approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ScaleFace: Uncertainty-aware Deep Metric Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01880">arxiv:2209.01880</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Roman Kail, Kirill Fedyanin, Nikita Muravev, Alexey Zaytsev, Maxim Panov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The performance of modern deep learning-based systems dramatically depends on the quality of input objects. For example, face recognition quality would be lower for blurry or corrupted inputs. However, it is hard to predict the influence of input quality on the resulting accuracy in more complex scenarios. We propose an approach for deep metric learning that allows direct estimation of the uncertainty with almost no additional computational cost. The developed \textit{ScaleFace} algorithm uses trainable scale values that modify similarities in the space of embeddings. These input-dependent scale values represent a measure of confidence in the recognition result, thus allowing uncertainty estimation. We provide comprehensive experiments on face recognition tasks that show the superior performance of ScaleFace compared to other uncertainty-aware face recognition approaches. We also extend the results to the task of text-to-image retrieval showing that the proposed approach beats the competitors with significant margin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SlateFree: a Model-Free Decomposition for Reinforcement Learning with Slate Actions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01876">arxiv:2209.01876</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anastasios Giovanidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of sequential recommendations, where at each step an agent proposes some slate of $N$ distinct items to a user from a much larger catalog of size $K>>N$. The user has unknown preferences towards the recommendations and the agent takes sequential actions that optimise (in our case minimise) some user-related cost, with the help of Reinforcement Learning. The possible item combinations for a slate is $\binom{K}{N}$, an enormous number rendering value iteration methods intractable. We prove that the slate-MDP can actually be decomposed using just $K$ item-related $Q$ functions per state, which describe the problem in a more compact and efficient way. Based on this, we propose a novel model-free SARSA and Q-learning algorithm that performs $N$ parallel iterations per step, without any prior user knowledge. We call this method \texttt{SlateFree}, i.e. free-of-slates, and we show numerically that it converges very fast to the exact optimum for arbitrary user profiles, and that it outperforms alternatives from the literature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Consistency-Based Semi-supervised Evidential Active Learning for Diagnostic Radiograph Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01858">arxiv:2209.01858</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shafa Balaram, Cuong M. Nguyen, Ashraf Kassim, Pavitra Krishnaswamy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning approaches achieve state-of-the-art performance for classifying radiology images, but rely on large labelled datasets that require resource-intensive annotation by specialists. Both semi-supervised learning and active learning can be utilised to mitigate this annotation burden. However, there is limited work on combining the advantages of semi-supervised and active learning approaches for multi-label medical image classification. Here, we introduce a novel Consistency-based Semi-supervised Evidential Active Learning framework (CSEAL). Specifically, we leverage predictive uncertainty based on theories of evidence and subjective logic to develop an end-to-end integrated approach that combines consistency-based semi-supervised learning with uncertainty-based active learning. We apply our approach to enhance four leading consistency-based semi-supervised learning methods: Pseudo-labelling, Virtual Adversarial Training, Mean Teacher and NoTeacher. Extensive evaluations on multi-label Chest X-Ray classification tasks demonstrate that CSEAL achieves substantive performance improvements over two leading semi-supervised active learning baselines. Further, a class-wise breakdown of results shows that our approach can substantially improve accuracy on rarer abnormalities with fewer labelled samples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Statistical Comparisons of Classifiers by Generalized Stochastic Dominance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01857">arxiv:2209.01857</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Christoph Jansen, Malte Nalenz, Georg Schollmeyer, Thomas Augustin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although being a question in the very methodological core of machine learning, there is still no unanimous consensus on how to compare classifiers. Every comparison framework is confronted with (at least) three fundamental challenges: the multiplicity of quality criteria, the multiplicity of data sets and the randomness/arbitrariness of the selection of data sets. In this paper, we add a fresh view to the vivid debate by adopting recent developments in decision theory. Our resulting framework, based on so-called preference systems, ranks classifiers by a generalized concept of stochastic dominance, which powerfully circumvents the cumbersome, and often even self-contradictory, reliance on aggregates. Moreover, we show that generalized stochastic dominance can be operationalized by solving easy-to-handle linear programs and statistically tested by means of an adapted two-sample observation-randomization test. This indeed yields a powerful framework for the statistical comparison of classifiers with respect to multiple quality criteria simultaneously. We illustrate and investigate our framework in a simulation study and with standard benchmark data sets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conflict-Aware Pseudo Labeling via Optimal Transport for Entity Alignment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01847">arxiv:2209.01847</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Qijie Ding, Daokun Zhang, Jie Yin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Entity alignment aims to discover unique equivalent entity pairs with the same meaning across different knowledge graphs (KG). It has been a compelling but challenging task for knowledge integration or fusion. Existing models have primarily focused on projecting KGs into a latent embedding space to capture inherent semantics between entities for entity alignment. However, the adverse impacts of alignment conflicts have been largely overlooked during training, thus limiting the entity alignment performance. To address this issue, we propose a novel Conflict-aware Pseudo Labeling via Optimal Transport model (CPL-OT) for entity alignment. The key idea of CPL-OT is to iteratively pseudo-label alignment pairs empowered with conflict-aware Optimal Transport modeling to boost the precision of entity alignment. CPL-OT is composed of two key components-entity embedding learning with global-local aggregation and iterative conflict-aware pseudo labeling-that mutually reinforce each other. To mitigate alignment conflicts during pseudo labeling, we propose to use optimal transport (OT) as an effective means to warrant one-to-one entity alignment between two KGs with the minimal overall transport cost. The transport cost is calculated as the rectified distance between entity embeddings obtained via graph convolution augmented with global-level semantics. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets show that CPL-OT can markedly outperform state-of-the-art baselines under both settings with and without prior alignment seeds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Canonical Embeddings for Unsupervised Shape Correspondence with Locally Linear Transformations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02152">arxiv:2209.02152</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pan He, Patrick Emami, Sanjay Ranka, Anand Rangarajan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a new approach to unsupervised shape correspondence learning between pairs of point clouds. We make the first attempt to adapt the classical locally linear embedding algorithm (LLE) -- originally designed for nonlinear dimensionality reduction -- for shape correspondence. The key idea is to find dense correspondences between shapes by first obtaining high-dimensional neighborhood-preserving embeddings of low-dimensional point clouds and subsequently aligning the source and target embeddings using locally linear transformations. We demonstrate that learning the embedding using a new LLE-inspired point cloud reconstruction objective results in accurate shape correspondences. More specifically, the approach comprises an end-to-end learnable framework of extracting high-dimensional neighborhood-preserving embeddings, estimating locally linear transformations in the embedding space, and reconstructing shapes via divergence measure-based alignment of probabilistic density functions built over reconstructed and target shapes. Our approach enforces embeddings of shapes in correspondence to lie in the same universal/canonical embedding space, which eventually helps regularize the learning process and leads to a simple nearest neighbors approach between shape embeddings for finding reliable correspondences. Comprehensive experiments show that the new method makes noticeable improvements over state-of-the-art approaches on standard shape correspondence benchmark datasets covering both human and nonhuman shapes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Facial Expression Translation using Landmark Guided GANs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02136">arxiv:2209.02136</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hao Tang, Nicu Sebe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a simple yet powerful Landmark guided Generative Adversarial Network (LandmarkGAN) for the facial expression-to-expression translation using a single image, which is an important and challenging task in computer vision since the expression-to-expression translation is a non-linear and non-aligned problem. Moreover, it requires a high-level semantic understanding between the input and output images since the objects in images can have arbitrary poses, sizes, locations, backgrounds, and self-occlusions. To tackle this problem, we propose utilizing facial landmark information explicitly. Since it is a challenging problem, we split it into two sub-tasks, (i) category-guided landmark generation, and (ii) landmark-guided expression-to-expression translation. Two sub-tasks are trained in an end-to-end fashion that aims to enjoy the mutually improved benefits from the generated landmarks and expressions. Compared with current keypoint-guided approaches, the proposed LandmarkGAN only needs a single facial image to generate various expressions. Extensive experimental results on four public datasets demonstrate that the proposed LandmarkGAN achieves better results compared with state-of-the-art approaches only using a single image. The code is available at https://github.com/Ha0Tang/LandmarkGAN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Design of the topology for contrastive visual-textual alignment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02127">arxiv:2209.02127</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhun Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pre-training weakly related image-text pairs in the contrastive style shows great power in learning semantic aligning cross-modal models. The common choice to measure the distance between the feature representations of the image-text pairs is the cosine similarity, which can be considered as the negative inner product of features embedded on a sphere mathematically. While such topology benefits from the low computational resources consumption and a properly defined uniformity, typically, there are two major drawbacks when applied. First, it is vulnerable to the semantic ambiguity phenomenon resulting from the noise in the weakly-related image-text pairs. Second, the learning progress is unstable and fragile at the beginning. Although, in the practice of former studies, a learnable softmax temperature parameter and a long warmup scheme are employed to meliorate the training progress, still there lacks an in-depth analysis of these problems. In this work, we discuss the desired properties of the topology and its endowed distance function for the embedding vectors of feature representations from the view of optimization. We then propose a rather simple solution to improve the aforementioned problem. That is, we map the feature representations onto the oblique manifold endowed with the negative inner product as the distance function. In the experimental analysis, we show that we can improve the baseline performance by a large margin (e.g. 4% in the zero-shot image to text retrieval task) by changing only two lines of the training codes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A variational neural network approach for glacier modelling with nonlinear rheology</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02088">arxiv:2209.02088</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tiangang Cui, Zhongjian Wang, Zhiwen Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose a mesh-free method to solve full stokes equation which models the glacier movement with nonlinear rheology. Our approach is inspired by the Deep-Ritz method proposed in [12]. We first formulate the solution of non-Newtonian ice flow model into the minimizer of a variational integral with boundary constraints. The solution is then approximated by a deep neural network whose loss function is the variational integral plus soft constraint from the mixed boundary conditions. Instead of introducing mesh grids or basis functions to evaluate the loss function, our method only requires uniform samplers of the domain and boundaries. To address instability in real-world scaling, we re-normalize the input of the network at the first layer and balance the regularizing factors for each individual boundary. Finally, we illustrate the performance of our method by several numerical experiments, including a 2D model with analytical solution, Arolla glacier model with real scaling and a 3D model with periodic boundary conditions. Numerical results show that our proposed method is efficient in solving the non-Newtonian mechanics arising from glacier modeling with nonlinear rheology.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Study on Representation Transfer for Few-Shot Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02073">arxiv:2209.02073</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chun-Nam Yu, Yi Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Few-shot classification aims to learn to classify new object categories well using only a few labeled examples. Transferring feature representations from other models is a popular approach for solving few-shot classification problems. In this work we perform a systematic study of various feature representations for few-shot classification, including representations learned from MAML, supervised classification, and several common self-supervised tasks. We find that learning from more complex tasks tend to give better representations for few-shot classification, and thus we propose the use of representations learned from multiple tasks for few-shot classification. Coupled with new tricks on feature selection and voting to handle the issue of small sample size, our direct transfer learning method offers performance comparable to state-of-art on several benchmark datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fuzzy Attention Neural Network to Tackle Discontinuity in Airway Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02048">arxiv:2209.02048</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yang Nan, Javier Del Ser, Zeyu Tang, Peng Tang, Xiaodan Xing, Yingying Fang, Francisco Herrera, Witold Pedrycz, Simon Walsh, Guang Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Airway segmentation is crucial for the examination, diagnosis, and prognosis of lung diseases, while its manual delineation is unduly burdensome. To alleviate this time-consuming and potentially subjective manual procedure, researchers have proposed methods to automatically segment airways from computerized tomography (CT) images. However, some small-sized airway branches (e.g., bronchus and terminal bronchioles) significantly aggravate the difficulty of automatic segmentation by machine learning models. In particular, the variance of voxel values and the severe data imbalance in airway branches make the computational module prone to discontinuous and false-negative predictions. Attention mechanism has shown the capacity to segment complex structures, while fuzzy logic can reduce the uncertainty in feature representations. Therefore, the integration of deep attention networks and fuzzy theory, given by the fuzzy attention layer, should be an escalated solution. This paper presents an efficient method for airway segmentation, comprising a novel fuzzy attention neural network and a comprehensive loss function to enhance the spatial continuity of airway segmentation. The deep fuzzy set is formulated by a set of voxels in the feature map and a learnable Gaussian membership function. Different from the existing attention mechanism, the proposed channelspecific fuzzy attention addresses the issue of heterogeneous features in different channels. Furthermore, a novel evaluation metric is proposed to assess both the continuity and completeness of airway structures. The efficiency of the proposed method has been proved by testing on open datasets, including EXACT09 and LIDC datasets, and our in-house COVID-19 and fibrotic lung disease datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A smooth basis for atomistic machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01948">arxiv:2209.01948</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Filippo Bigi, Kevin Huguenin-Dumittan, Michele Ceriotti, David E. Manolopoulos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning frameworks based on correlations of interatomic positions begin with a discretized description of the density of other atoms in the neighbourhood of each atom in the system. Symmetry considerations support the use of spherical harmonics to expand the angular dependence of this density, but there is as yet no clear rationale to choose one radial basis over another. Here we investigate the basis that results from the solution of the Laplacian eigenvalue problem within a sphere around the atom of interest. We show that this generates the smoothest possible basis of a given size within the sphere, and that a tensor product of Laplacian eigenstates also provides the smoothest possible basis for expanding any higher-order correlation of the atomic density within the appropriate hypersphere. We consider several unsupervised metrics of the quality of a basis for a given dataset, and show that the Laplacian eigenstate basis has a performance that is much better than some widely used basis sets and is competitive with data-driven bases that numerically optimize each metric. In supervised machine learning tests, we find that the optimal function smoothness of the Laplacian eigenstates leads to comparable or better performance than can be obtained from a data-driven basis of a similar size that has been optimized to describe the atom-density correlation for the specific dataset. We conclude that the smoothness of the basis functions is a key and hitherto largely overlooked aspect of successful atomic density representations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Best Decisions Are Not the Best Advice: Making Adherence-Aware Recommendations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01874">arxiv:2209.01874</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Julien Grand-Clément, Jean Pauphilet</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many high-stake decisions follow an expert-in-loop structure in that a human operator receives recommendations from an algorithm but is the ultimate decision maker. Hence, the algorithm's recommendation may differ from the actual decision implemented in practice. However, most algorithmic recommendations are obtained by solving an optimization problem that assumes recommendations will be perfectly implemented. We propose an adherence-aware optimization framework to capture the dichotomy between the recommended and the implemented policy and analyze the impact of partial adherence on the optimal recommendation. We show that overlooking the partial adherence phenomenon, as is currently being done by most recommendation engines, can lead to arbitrarily severe performance deterioration, compared with both the current human baseline performance and what is expected by the recommendation algorithm. Our framework also provides useful tools to analyze the structure and to compute optimal recommendation policies that are naturally immune against such human deviations, and are guaranteed to improve upon the baseline policy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Domain Adaptation via Style-Aware Self-intermediate Domain</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01870">arxiv:2209.01870</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Lianyu Wang, Meng Wang, Daoqiang Zhang, Huazhu Fu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) has attracted considerable attention, which transfers knowledge from a label-rich source domain to a related but unlabeled target domain. Reducing inter-domain differences has always been a crucial factor to improve performance in UDA, especially for tasks where there is a large gap between source and target domains. To this end, we propose a novel style-aware feature fusion method (SAFF) to bridge the large domain gap and transfer knowledge while alleviating the loss of class-discriminative information. Inspired by the human transitive inference and learning ability, a novel style-aware self-intermediate domain (SSID) is investigated to link two seemingly unrelated concepts through a series of intermediate auxiliary synthesized concepts. Specifically, we propose a novel learning strategy of SSID, which selects samples from both source and target domains as anchors, and then randomly fuses the object and style features of these anchors to generate labeled and style-rich intermediate auxiliary features for knowledge transfer. Moreover, we design an external memory bank to store and update specified labeled features to obtain stable class features and class-wise style features. Based on the proposed memory bank, the intra- and inter-domain loss functions are designed to improve the class recognition ability and feature compatibility, respectively. Meanwhile, we simulate the rich latent feature space of SSID by infinite sampling and the convergence of the loss function by mathematical theory. Finally, we conduct comprehensive experiments on commonly used domain adaptive benchmarks to evaluate the proposed SAFF, and the experimental results show that the proposed SAFF can be easily combined with different backbone networks and obtain better performance as a plug-in-plug-out module.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DISA: A Dual Inexact Splitting Algorithm for Distributed Convex Composite Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01850">arxiv:2209.01850</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Luyao Guo, Xinli Shi, Shaofu Yang, Jinde Cao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes a novel dual inexact splitting algorithm (DISA) for the distributed convex composite optimization problem, where the local loss function consists of an $L$-smooth term and a possibly nonsmooth term which is composed with a linear operator. We prove that DISA is convergent when the primal and dual stepsizes $τ$, $β$ satisfy $0<τ<{2}/{L}$ and $0<τβ<1$. Compared with existing primal-dual proximal splitting algorithms (PD-PSAs), DISA overcomes the dependence of the convergence stepsize range on the Euclidean norm of the linear operator. It implies that DISA allows for larger stepsizes when the Euclidean norm is large, thus ensuring fast convergence of it. Moreover, we establish the sublinear and linear convergence rate of DISA under general convexity and metric subregularity, respectively. Furthermore, an approximate iterative version of DISA is provided, and the global convergence and sublinear convergence rate of this approximate version are proved. Finally, numerical experiments not only corroborate the theoretical analyses but also indicate that DISA achieves a significant acceleration compared with the existing PD-PSAs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Principled Evaluation Protocol for Comparative Investigation of the Effectiveness of DNN Classification Models on Similar-but-non-identical Datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01848">arxiv:2209.01848</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Esla Timothy Anzaku, Haohan Wang, Arnout Van Messem, Wesley De Neve</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Neural Network (DNN) models are increasingly evaluated using new replication test datasets, which have been carefully created to be similar to older and popular benchmark datasets. However, running counter to expectations, DNN classification models show significant, consistent, and largely unexplained degradation in accuracy on these replication test datasets. While the popular evaluation approach is to assess the accuracy of a model by making use of all the datapoints available in the respective test datasets, we argue that doing so hinders us from adequately capturing the behavior of DNN models and from having realistic expectations about their accuracy. Therefore, we propose a principled evaluation protocol that is suitable for performing comparative investigations of the accuracy of a DNN model on multiple test datasets, leveraging subsets of datapoints that can be selected using different criteria, including uncertainty-related information. By making use of this new evaluation protocol, we determined the accuracy of $564$ DNN models on both (1) the CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets and (2) their replication datasets. Our experimental results indicate that the observed accuracy degradation between established benchmark datasets and their replications is consistently lower (that is, models do perform better on the replication test datasets) than the accuracy degradation reported in published works, with these published works relying on conventional evaluation approaches that do not utilize uncertainty-related information.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LKD-Net: Large Kernel Convolution Network for Single Image Dehazing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01788">arxiv:2209.01788</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pinjun Luo, Guoqiang Xiao, Xinbo Gao, Song Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs)-based single image dehazing methods have achieved significant success. The previous methods are devoted to improving the network's performance by increasing the network's depth and width. The current methods focus on increasing the convolutional kernel size to enhance its performance by benefiting from the larger receptive field. However, directly increasing the size of the convolutional kernel introduces a massive amount of computational overhead and parameters. Thus, a novel Large Kernel Convolution Dehaze Block (LKD Block) consisting of the Decomposition deep-wise Large Kernel Convolution Block (DLKCB) and the Channel Enhanced Feed-forward Network (CEFN) is devised in this paper. The designed DLKCB can split the deep-wise large kernel convolution into a smaller depth-wise convolution and a depth-wise dilated convolution without introducing massive parameters and computational overhead. Meanwhile, the designed CEFN incorporates a channel attention mechanism into Feed-forward Network to exploit significant channels and enhance robustness. By combining multiple LKD Blocks and Up-Down sampling modules, the Large Kernel Convolution Dehaze Network (LKD-Net) is conducted. The evaluation results demonstrate the effectiveness of the designed DLKCB and CEFN, and our LKD-Net outperforms the state-of-the-art. On the SOTS indoor dataset, our LKD-Net dramatically outperforms the Transformer-based method Dehamer with only 1.79% #Param and 48.9% FLOPs. The source code of our LKD-Net is available at https://github.com/SWU-CS-MediaLab/LKD-Net.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>"Is your explanation stable?": A Robustness Evaluation Framework for Feature Attribution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01782">arxiv:2209.01782</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yuyou Gan, Yuhao Mao, Xuhong Zhang, Shouling Ji, Yuwen Pu, Meng Han, Jianwei Yin, Ting Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Understanding the decision process of neural networks is hard. One vital method for explanation is to attribute its decision to pivotal features. Although many algorithms are proposed, most of them solely improve the faithfulness to the model. However, the real environment contains many random noises, which may leads to great fluctuations in the explanations. More seriously, recent works show that explanation algorithms are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. All of these make the explanation hard to trust in real scenarios.
  To bridge this gap, we propose a model-agnostic method \emph{Median Test for Feature Attribution} (MeTFA) to quantify the uncertainty and increase the stability of explanation algorithms with theoretical guarantees. MeTFA has the following two functions: (1) examine whether one feature is significantly important or unimportant and generate a MeTFA-significant map to visualize the results; (2) compute the confidence interval of a feature attribution score and generate a MeTFA-smoothed map to increase the stability of the explanation. Experiments show that MeTFA improves the visual quality of explanations and significantly reduces the instability while maintaining the faithfulness. To quantitatively evaluate the faithfulness of an explanation under different noise settings, we further propose several robust faithfulness metrics. Experiment results show that the MeTFA-smoothed explanation can significantly increase the robust faithfulness. In addition, we use two scenarios to show MeTFA's potential in the applications. First, when applied to the SOTA explanation method to locate context bias for semantic segmentation models, MeTFA-significant explanations use far smaller regions to maintain 99\%+ faithfulness. Second, when tested with different explanation-oriented attacks, MeTFA can help defend vanilla, as well as adaptive, adversarial attacks against explanations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Representation Learning for Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer using a Latent Autoencoder</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01779">arxiv:2209.01779</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Simon Myles Thomas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generative learning is a powerful tool for representation learning, and shows particular promise for problems in biomedical imaging. However, in this context, sampling from the distribution is secondary to finding representations of real images, which often come with labels and explicitly represent the content and quality of the target distribution. It remains difficult to faithfully reconstruct images from generative models, particularly those as complex as histological images. In this work, two existing methods (autoencoders and adversarial latent autoencoders) are combined in attempt to improve our ability to encode and decode real images of non-melanoma skin cancer, specifically intra-epidermal carcinoma (IEC). Utilising a dataset of high-quality images of IEC (256 x 256), this work assesses the result of both image reconstruction quality and representation learning. It is shown that adversarial training can improve baseline FID scores from 76 to 50, and that benchmarks on representation learning can be improved by up to 3%. Smooth and realistic interpolations of the variation in the morphological structure are also presented for the first time, positioning representation learning as a promising direction in the context of computational pathology.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Being Automated or Not? Risk Identification of Occupations with Graph Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02182">arxiv:2209.02182</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Dawei Xu, Haoran Yang, Marian-Andrei Rizoiu, Guandong Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The rapid advances in automation technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI) and robotics, pose an increasing risk of automation for occupations, with a likely significant impact on the labour market. Recent social-economic studies suggest that nearly 50\% of occupations are at high risk of being automated in the next decade. However, the lack of granular data and empirically informed models have limited the accuracy of these studies and made it challenging to predict which jobs will be automated. In this paper, we study the automation risk of occupations by performing a classification task between automated and non-automated occupations. The available information is 910 occupations' task statements, skills and interactions categorised by Standard Occupational Classification (SOC). To fully utilize this information, we propose a graph-based semi-supervised classification method named \textbf{A}utomated \textbf{O}ccupation \textbf{C}lassification based on \textbf{G}raph \textbf{C}onvolutional \textbf{N}etworks (\textbf{AOC-GCN}) to identify the automated risk for occupations. This model integrates a heterogeneous graph to capture occupations' local and global contexts. The results show that our proposed method outperforms the baseline models by considering the information of both internal features of occupations and their external interactions. This study could help policymakers identify potential automated occupations and support individuals' decision-making before entering the job market.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Domain Generalization for Prostate Segmentation in Transrectal Ultrasound Images: A Multi-center Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02126">arxiv:2209.02126</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Sulaiman Vesal, Iani Gayo, Indrani Bhattacharya, Shyam Natarajan, Leonard S. Marks, Dean C Barratt, Richard E. Fan, Yipeng Hu, Geoffrey A. Sonn, Mirabela Rusu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prostate biopsy and image-guided treatment procedures are often performed under the guidance of ultrasound fused with magnetic resonance images (MRI). Accurate image fusion relies on accurate segmentation of the prostate on ultrasound images. Yet, the reduced signal-to-noise ratio and artifacts (e.g., speckle and shadowing) in ultrasound images limit the performance of automated prostate segmentation techniques and generalizing these methods to new image domains is inherently difficult. In this study, we address these challenges by introducing a novel 2.5D deep neural network for prostate segmentation on ultrasound images. Our approach addresses the limitations of transfer learning and finetuning methods (i.e., drop in performance on the original training data when the model weights are updated) by combining a supervised domain adaptation technique and a knowledge distillation loss. The knowledge distillation loss allows the preservation of previously learned knowledge and reduces the performance drop after model finetuning on new datasets. Furthermore, our approach relies on an attention module that considers model feature positioning information to improve the segmentation accuracy. We trained our model on 764 subjects from one institution and finetuned our model using only ten subjects from subsequent institutions. We analyzed the performance of our method on three large datasets encompassing 2067 subjects from three different institutions. Our method achieved an average Dice Similarity Coefficient (Dice) of $94.0\pm0.03$ and Hausdorff Distance (HD95) of 2.28 $mm$ in an independent set of subjects from the first institution. Moreover, our model generalized well in the studies from the other two institutions (Dice: $91.0\pm0.03$; HD95: 3.7$mm$ and Dice: $82.0\pm0.03$; HD95: 7.1 $mm$).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The SZ flux-mass ($Y$-$M$) relation at low halo masses: improvements with symbolic regression and strong constraints on baryonic feedback</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02075">arxiv:2209.02075</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Digvijay Wadekar, Leander Thiele, J. Colin Hill, Shivam Pandey, Francisco Villaescusa-Navarro, David N. Spergel, Miles Cranmer, Daisuke Nagai, Daniel Anglés-Alcázar, Shirley Ho, Lars Hernquist</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Ionized gas in the halo circumgalactic medium leaves an imprint on the cosmic microwave background via the thermal Sunyaev-Zeldovich (tSZ) effect. Feedback from active galactic nuclei (AGN) and supernovae can affect the measurements of the integrated tSZ flux of halos ($Y_\mathrm{SZ}$) and cause its relation with the halo mass ($Y_\mathrm{SZ}-M$) to deviate from the self-similar power-law prediction of the virial theorem. We perform a comprehensive study of such deviations using CAMELS, a suite of hydrodynamic simulations with extensive variations in feedback prescriptions.
  We use a combination of two machine learning tools (random forest and symbolic regression) to search for analogues of the $Y-M$ relation which are more robust to feedback processes for low masses ($M\lesssim 10^{14}\, h^{-1} \, M_\odot$); we find that simply replacing $Y\rightarrow Y(1+M_*/M_\mathrm{gas})$ in the relation makes it remarkably self-similar. This could serve as a robust multiwavelength mass proxy for low-mass clusters and galaxy groups. Our methodology can also be generally useful to improve the domain of validity of other astrophysical scaling relations.
  We also forecast that measurements of the $Y-M$ relation could provide percent-level constraints on certain combinations of feedback parameters and/or rule out a major part of the parameter space of supernova and AGN feedback models used in current state-of-the-art hydrodynamic simulations. Our results can be useful for using upcoming SZ surveys (e.g. SO, CMB-S4) and galaxy surveys (e.g. DESI and Rubin) to constrain the nature of baryonic feedback. Finally, we find that the an alternative relation, $Y-M_*$, provides complementary information on feedback than $Y-M$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust machine learning segmentation for large-scale analysis of heterogeneous clinical brain MRI datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.02032">arxiv:2209.02032</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Benjamin Billot, Colin Magdamo, Steven E. Arnold, Sudeshna Das, Juan. E. Iglesias</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Every year, millions of brain MRI scans are acquired in hospitals, which is a figure considerably larger than the size of any research dataset. Therefore, the ability to analyse such scans could transform neuroimaging research. Yet, their potential remains untapped, since no automated algorithm can cope with the high variability in clinical acquisitions (MR contrast, resolution, orientation, etc.). Here we present SynthSeg+, an AI segmentation suite that enables, for the first time, robust analysis of heterogeneous clinical datasets. Specifically, in addition to whole-brain segmentation, SynthSeg+ also performs cortical parcellation, intracranial volume estimation, and automated detection of faulty segmentations (mainly caused by scans of very low quality). We demonstrate SynthSeg+ in seven experiments, including an ageing study on 14,000 scans, where it accurately replicates atrophy patterns observed on data of much higher quality. SynthSeg+ is publicly released as a ready-to-use tool to unlock the potential of quantitative morphometry in wide-ranging settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Incremental Permutation Feature Importance (iPFI): Towards Online Explanations on Data Streams</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01939">arxiv:2209.01939</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Fabian Fumagalli, Maximilian Muschalik, Eyke Hüllermeier, Barbara Hammer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) has mainly focused on static learning scenarios so far. We are interested in dynamic scenarios where data is sampled progressively, and learning is done in an incremental rather than a batch mode. We seek efficient incremental algorithms for computing feature importance (FI) measures, specifically, an incremental FI measure based on feature marginalization of absent features similar to permutation feature importance (PFI). We propose an efficient, model-agnostic algorithm called iPFI to estimate this measure incrementally and under dynamic modeling conditions including concept drift. We prove theoretical guarantees on the approximation quality in terms of expectation and variance. To validate our theoretical findings and the efficacy of our approaches compared to traditional batch PFI, we conduct multiple experimental studies on benchmark data with and without concept drift.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HealthyGAN: Learning from Unannotated Medical Images to Detect Anomalies Associated with Human Disease</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01822">arxiv:2209.01822</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Md Mahfuzur Rahman Siddiquee, Jay Shah, Teresa Wu, Catherine Chong, Todd Schwedt, Baoxin Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automated anomaly detection from medical images, such as MRIs and X-rays, can significantly reduce human effort in disease diagnosis. Owing to the complexity of modeling anomalies and the high cost of manual annotation by domain experts (e.g., radiologists), a typical technique in the current medical imaging literature has focused on deriving diagnostic models from healthy subjects only, assuming the model will detect the images from patients as outliers. However, in many real-world scenarios, unannotated datasets with a mix of both healthy and diseased individuals are abundant. Therefore, this paper poses the research question of how to improve unsupervised anomaly detection by utilizing (1) an unannotated set of mixed images, in addition to (2) the set of healthy images as being used in the literature. To answer the question, we propose HealthyGAN, a novel one-directional image-to-image translation method, which learns to translate the images from the mixed dataset to only healthy images. Being one-directional, HealthyGAN relaxes the requirement of cycle consistency of existing unpaired image-to-image translation methods, which is unattainable with mixed unannotated data. Once the translation is learned, we generate a difference map for any given image by subtracting its translated output. Regions of significant responses in the difference map correspond to potential anomalies (if any). Our HealthyGAN outperforms the conventional state-of-the-art methods by significant margins on two publicly available datasets: COVID-19 and NIH ChestX-ray14, and one institutional dataset collected from Mayo Clinic. The implementation is publicly available at https://github.com/mahfuzmohammad/HealthyGAN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>UDC-UNet: Under-Display Camera Image Restoration via U-Shape Dynamic Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01809">arxiv:2209.01809</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Xina Liu, Jinfan Hu, Xiangyu Chen, Chao Dong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Under-Display Camera (UDC) has been widely exploited to help smartphones realize full screen display. However, as the screen could inevitably affect the light propagation process, the images captured by the UDC system usually contain flare, haze, blur, and noise. Particularly, flare and blur in UDC images could severely deteriorate the user experience in high dynamic range (HDR) scenes. In this paper, we propose a new deep model, namely UDC-UNet, to address the UDC image restoration problem with the known Point Spread Function (PSF) in HDR scenes. On the premise that Point Spread Function (PSF) of the UDC system is known, we treat UDC image restoration as a non-blind image restoration problem and propose a novel learning-based approach. Our network consists of three parts, including a U-shape base network to utilize multi-scale information, a condition branch to perform spatially variant modulation, and a kernel branch to provide the prior knowledge of the given PSF. According to the characteristics of HDR data, we additionally design a tone mapping loss to stabilize network optimization and achieve better visual quality. Experimental results show that the proposed UDC-UNet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in quantitative and qualitative comparisons. Our approach won the second place in the UDC image restoration track of MIPI challenge. Codes will be publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>B-CANF: Adaptive B-frame Coding with Conditional Augmented Normalizing Flows</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01769">arxiv:2209.01769</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Mu-Jung Chen, Yi-Hsin Chen, Peng-Yu Chen, Chih Hsuan Lin, Yung-Han Ho, Wen-Hsiao Peng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work introduces a B-frame coding framework, termed B-CANF, that exploits conditional augmented normalizing flows for B-frame coding. Learned B-frame coding is less explored and more challenging. Motivated by recent advances in conditional P-frame coding, B-CANF is the first attempt at applying flow-based models to both conditional motion and inter-frame coding. B-CANF features frame-type adaptive coding that learns better bit allocation for hierarchical B-frame coding. B-CANF also introduces a special type of B-frame, called B*-frame, to mimic P-frame coding. On commonly used datasets, B-CANF achieves the state-of-the-art compression performance, showing comparable BD-rate results (in terms of PSNR-RGB) to HM-16.23 under the random access configuration.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.09.04]({{ '/2022/09/04/2022.09.04.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.09.06]({{ '/2022/09/06/2022.09.06.html' | relative_url }})