Prev: [2022.01.22]({{ '/2022/01/22/2022.01.22.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.01.24]({{ '/2022/01/24/2022.01.24.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-01-23, created on 2022-02-02


<details><summary><b>Learning to Predict Gradients for Semi-Supervised Continual Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09196">arxiv:2201.09196</a>
&#x1F4C8; 22 <br>
<p>Yan Luo, Yongkang Wong, Mohan Kankanhalli, Qi Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A key challenge for machine intelligence is to learn new visual concepts without forgetting the previously acquired knowledge. Continual learning is aimed towards addressing this challenge. However, there is a gap between existing supervised continual learning and human-like intelligence, where human is able to learn from both labeled and unlabeled data. How unlabeled data affects learning and catastrophic forgetting in the continual learning process remains unknown. To explore these issues, we formulate a new semi-supervised continual learning method, which can be generically applied to existing continual learning models. Specifically, a novel gradient learner learns from labeled data to predict gradients on unlabeled data. Hence, the unlabeled data could fit into the supervised continual learning method. Different from conventional semi-supervised settings, we do not hypothesize that the underlying classes, which are associated to the unlabeled data, are known to the learning process. In other words, the unlabeled data could be very distinct from the labeled data. We evaluate the proposed method on mainstream continual learning, adversarial continual learning, and semi-supervised learning tasks. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on classification accuracy and backward transfer in the continual learning setting while achieving desired performance on classification accuracy in the semi-supervised learning setting. This implies that the unlabeled images can enhance the generalizability of continual learning models on the predictive ability on unseen data and significantly alleviate catastrophic forgetting. The code is available at \url{https://github.com/luoyan407/grad_prediction.git}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spectral, Probabilistic, and Deep Metric Learning: Tutorial and Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09267">arxiv:2201.09267</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Benyamin Ghojogh, Ali Ghodsi, Fakhri Karray, Mark Crowley</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This is a tutorial and survey paper on metric learning. Algorithms are divided into spectral, probabilistic, and deep metric learning. We first start with the definition of distance metric, Mahalanobis distance, and generalized Mahalanobis distance. In spectral methods, we start with methods using scatters of data, including the first spectral metric learning, relevant methods to Fisher discriminant analysis, Relevant Component Analysis (RCA), Discriminant Component Analysis (DCA), and the Fisher-HSIC method. Then, large-margin metric learning, imbalanced metric learning, locally linear metric adaptation, and adversarial metric learning are covered. We also explain several kernel spectral methods for metric learning in the feature space. We also introduce geometric metric learning methods on the Riemannian manifolds. In probabilistic methods, we start with collapsing classes in both input and feature spaces and then explain the neighborhood component analysis methods, Bayesian metric learning, information theoretic methods, and empirical risk minimization in metric learning. In deep learning methods, we first introduce reconstruction autoencoders and supervised loss functions for metric learning. Then, Siamese networks and its various loss functions, triplet mining, and triplet sampling are explained. Deep discriminant analysis methods, based on Fisher discriminant analysis, are also reviewed. Finally, we introduce multi-modal deep metric learning, geometric metric learning by neural networks, and few-shot metric learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>OntoProtein: Protein Pretraining With Gene Ontology Embedding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.11147">arxiv:2201.11147</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Ningyu Zhang, Zhen Bi, Xiaozhuan Liang, Siyuan Cheng, Haosen Hong, Shumin Deng, Jiazhang Lian, Qiang Zhang, Huajun Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-supervised protein language models have proved their effectiveness in learning the proteins representations. With the increasing computational power, current protein language models pre-trained with millions of diverse sequences can advance the parameter scale from million-level to billion-level and achieve remarkable improvement. However, those prevailing approaches rarely consider incorporating knowledge graphs (KGs), which can provide rich structured knowledge facts for better protein representations. We argue that informative biology knowledge in KGs can enhance protein representation with external knowledge. In this work, we propose OntoProtein, the first general framework that makes use of structure in GO (Gene Ontology) into protein pre-training models. We construct a novel large-scale knowledge graph that consists of GO and its related proteins, and gene annotation texts or protein sequences describe all nodes in the graph. We propose novel contrastive learning with knowledge-aware negative sampling to jointly optimize the knowledge graph and protein embedding during pre-training. Experimental results show that OntoProtein can surpass state-of-the-art methods with pre-trained protein language models in TAPE benchmark and yield better performance compared with baselines in protein-protein interaction and protein function prediction. Code and datasets are available in https://github.com/zjunlp/OntoProtein.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dichotomic Pattern Mining with Applications to Intent Prediction from Semi-Structured Clickstream Datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09178">arxiv:2201.09178</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Xin Wang, Serdar Kadioglu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a pattern mining framework that operates on semi-structured datasets and exploits the dichotomy between outcomes. Our approach takes advantage of constraint reasoning to find sequential patterns that occur frequently and exhibit desired properties. This allows the creation of novel pattern embeddings that are useful for knowledge extraction and predictive modeling. Finally, we present an application on customer intent prediction from digital clickstream data. Overall, we show that pattern embeddings play an integrator role between semi-structured data and machine learning models, improve the performance of the downstream task and retain interpretability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Active Learning Polynomial Threshold Functions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09433">arxiv:2201.09433</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Omri Ben-Eliezer, Max Hopkins, Chutong Yang, Hantao Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We initiate the study of active learning polynomial threshold functions (PTFs). While traditional lower bounds imply that even univariate quadratics cannot be non-trivially actively learned, we show that allowing the learner basic access to the derivatives of the underlying classifier circumvents this issue and leads to a computationally efficient algorithm for active learning degree-$d$ univariate PTFs in $\tilde{O}(d^3\log(1/\varepsilonδ))$ queries. We also provide near-optimal algorithms and analyses for active learning PTFs in several average case settings. Finally, we prove that access to derivatives is insufficient for active learning multivariate PTFs, even those of just two variables.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AttentionHTR: Handwritten Text Recognition Based on Attention Encoder-Decoder Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09390">arxiv:2201.09390</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Dmitrijs Kass, Ekta Vats</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work proposes an attention-based sequence-to-sequence model for handwritten word recognition and explores transfer learning for data-efficient training of HTR systems. To overcome training data scarcity, this work leverages models pre-trained on scene text images as a starting point towards tailoring the handwriting recognition models. ResNet feature extraction and bidirectional LSTM-based sequence modeling stages together form an encoder. The prediction stage consists of a decoder and a content-based attention mechanism. The effectiveness of the proposed end-to-end HTR system has been empirically evaluated on a novel multi-writer dataset Imgur5K and the IAM dataset. The experimental results evaluate the performance of the HTR framework, further supported by an in-depth analysis of the error cases. Source code and pre-trained models are available at https://github.com/dmitrijsk/AttentionHTR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Are Your Sensitive Attributes Private? Novel Model Inversion Attribute Inference Attacks on Classification Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09370">arxiv:2201.09370</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Shagufta Mehnaz, Sayanton V. Dibbo, Ehsanul Kabir, Ninghui Li, Elisa Bertino</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Increasing use of machine learning (ML) technologies in privacy-sensitive domains such as medical diagnoses, lifestyle predictions, and business decisions highlights the need to better understand if these ML technologies are introducing leakage of sensitive and proprietary training data. In this paper, we focus on model inversion attacks where the adversary knows non-sensitive attributes about records in the training data and aims to infer the value of a sensitive attribute unknown to the adversary, using only black-box access to the target classification model. We first devise a novel confidence score-based model inversion attribute inference attack that significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art. We then introduce a label-only model inversion attack that relies only on the model's predicted labels but still matches our confidence score-based attack in terms of attack effectiveness. We also extend our attacks to the scenario where some of the other (non-sensitive) attributes of a target record are unknown to the adversary. We evaluate our attacks on two types of machine learning models, decision tree and deep neural network, trained on three real datasets. Moreover, we empirically demonstrate the disparate vulnerability of model inversion attacks, i.e., specific groups in the training dataset (grouped by gender, race, etc.) could be more vulnerable to model inversion attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Differential Geometry in Neural Implicits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09263">arxiv:2201.09263</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Tiago Novello, Vinicius da Silva, Helio Lopes, Guilherme Schardong, Luiz Schirmer, Luiz Velho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a neural implicit framework that bridges discrete differential geometry of triangle meshes and continuous differential geometry of neural implicit surfaces. It exploits the differentiable properties of neural networks and the discrete geometry of triangle meshes to approximate them as the zero-level sets of neural implicit functions.
  To train a neural implicit function, we propose a loss function that allows terms with high-order derivatives, such as the alignment between the principal directions, to learn more geometric details. During training, we consider a non-uniform sampling strategy based on the discrete curvatures of the triangle mesh to access points with more geometric details. This sampling implies faster learning while preserving geometric accuracy.
  We present the analytical differential geometry formulas for neural surfaces, such as normal vectors and curvatures. We use them to render the surfaces using sphere tracing. Additionally, we propose a network optimization based on singular value decomposition to reduce the number of parameters.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FN-Net:Remove the Outliers by Filtering the Noise</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09213">arxiv:2201.09213</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Kai Lv</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Establishing the correspondence between two images is an important research direction of computer vision. When estimating the relationship between two images, it is often disturbed by outliers. In this paper, we propose a convolutional neural network that can filter the noise of outliers. It can output the probability that the pair of feature points is an inlier and regress the essential matrix representing the relative pose of the camera. The outliers are mainly caused by the noise introduced by the previous processing. The outliers rejection can be treated as a problem of noise elimination, and the soft threshold function has a very good effect on noise reduction. Therefore, we designed an adaptive denoising module based on soft threshold function to remove noise components in the outliers, to reduce the probability that the outlier is predicted to be an inlier. Experimental results on the YFCC100M dataset show that our method exceeds the state-of-the-art in relative pose estimation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Survey and Systematization of 3D Object Detection Models and Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09354">arxiv:2201.09354</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Moritz Drobnitzky, Jonas Friederich, Bernhard Egger, Patrick Zschech</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper offers a comprehensive survey of recent developments in 3D object detection covering the full pipeline from input data, over data representation and feature extraction to the actual detection modules. We include basic concepts, focus our survey on a broad spectrum of different approaches arising in the last ten years and propose a systematization which offers a practical framework to compare those approaches on the methods level.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>End-to-End Neural Audio Coding for Real-Time Communications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09429">arxiv:2201.09429</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Xue Jiang, Xiulian Peng, Chengyu Zheng, Huaying Xue, Yuan Zhang, Yan Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep-learning based methods have shown their advantages in audio coding over traditional ones but limited attention has been paid on real-time communications (RTC). This paper proposes the TFNet, an end-to-end neural audio codec with low latency for RTC. It takes an encoder-temporal filtering-decoder paradigm that seldom being investigated in audio coding. An interleaved structure is proposed for temporal filtering to capture both short-term and long-term temporal dependencies. Furthermore, with end-to-end optimization, the TFNet is jointly optimized with speech enhancement and packet loss concealment, yielding a one-for-all network for three tasks. Both subjective and objective results demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed TFNet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>POTHER: Patch-Voted Deep Learning-based Chest X-ray Bias Analysis for COVID-19 Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09360">arxiv:2201.09360</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Tomasz Szczepański, Arkadiusz Sitek, Tomasz Trzciński, Szymon Płotka</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A critical step in the fight against COVID-19, which continues to have a catastrophic impact on peoples lives, is the effective screening of patients presented in the clinics with severe COVID-19 symptoms. Chest radiography is one of the promising screening approaches. Many studies reported detecting COVID-19 in chest X-rays accurately using deep learning. A serious limitation of many published approaches is insufficient attention paid to explaining decisions made by deep learning models. Using explainable artificial intelligence methods, we demonstrate that model decisions may rely on confounding factors rather than medical pathology. After an analysis of potential confounding factors found on chest X-ray images, we propose a novel method to minimise their negative impact. We show that our proposed method is more robust than previous attempts to counter confounding factors such as ECG leads in chest X-rays that often influence model classification decisions. In addition to being robust, our method achieves results comparable to the state-of-the-art. The source code and pre-trained weights are publicly available (https://github.com/tomek1911/POTHER).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How to scale hyperparameters for quickshift image segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09286">arxiv:2201.09286</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Damien Garreau</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quickshift is a popular algorithm for image segmentation, used as a preprocessing step in many applications. Unfortunately, it is quite challenging to understand the hyperparameters' influence on the number and shape of superpixels produced by the method. In this paper, we study theoretically a slightly modified version of the quickshift algorithm, with a particular emphasis on homogeneous image patches with i.i.d. pixel noise and sharp boundaries between such patches. Leveraging this analysis, we derive a simple heuristic to scale quickshift hyperparameters when dealing with real images, which we check empirically.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Increasing the Cost of Model Extraction with Calibrated Proof of Work</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09243">arxiv:2201.09243</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Adam Dziedzic, Muhammad Ahmad Kaleem, Yu Shen Lu, Nicolas Papernot</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In model extraction attacks, adversaries can steal a machine learning model exposed via a public API by repeatedly querying it and adjusting their own model based on obtained predictions. To prevent model stealing, existing defenses focus on detecting malicious queries, truncating, or distorting outputs, thus necessarily introducing a tradeoff between robustness and model utility for legitimate users. Instead, we propose to impede model extraction by requiring users to complete a proof-of-work before they can read the model's predictions. This deters attackers by greatly increasing (even up to 100x) the computational effort needed to leverage query access for model extraction. Since we calibrate the effort required to complete the proof-of-work to each query, this only introduces a slight overhead for regular users (up to 2x). To achieve this, our calibration applies tools from differential privacy to measure the information revealed by a query. Our method requires no modification of the victim model and can be applied by machine learning practitioners to guard their publicly exposed models against being easily stolen.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Application of Pseudo-Log-Likelihoods to Natural Language Scoring</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09377">arxiv:2201.09377</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Darren Abramson, Ali Emami</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Language models built using semi-supervised machine learning on large corpora of natural language have very quickly enveloped the fields of natural language generation and understanding. In this paper we apply a zero-shot approach independently developed by a number of researchers now gaining recognition as a significant alternative to fine-tuning for evaluation on common sense tasks. A language model with relatively few parameters and training steps compared to a more recent language model (T5) can outperform it on a recent large data set (TimeDial), while displaying robustness in its performance across a similar class of language tasks. Surprisingly, this result is achieved by using a hyperparameter-free zero-shot method with the smaller model, compared to fine-tuning to the larger model. We argue that robustness of the smaller model ought to be understood in terms of compositionality, in a sense that we draw from recent literature on a class of similar models. We identify a practical cost for our method and model: high GPU-time for natural language evaluation. The zero-shot measurement technique that produces remarkable stability, both for ALBERT and other BERT variants, is an application of pseudo-log-likelihoods to masked language models for the relative measurement of probability for substitution alternatives in forced choice language tasks such as the Winograd Schema Challenge, Winogrande, and others. One contribution of this paper is to bring together a number of similar, but independent strands of research. We produce some absolute state-of-the-art results for common sense reasoning in binary choice tasks, performing better than any published result in the literature, including fine-tuned efforts. We show a remarkable consistency of the model's performance under adversarial settings, which we argue is best explained by the model's compositionality of representations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Out of Distribution Detection on ImageNet-O</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09352">arxiv:2201.09352</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Anugya Srivastava, Shriya Jain, Mugdha Thigle</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Out of distribution (OOD) detection is a crucial part of making machine learning systems robust. The ImageNet-O dataset is an important tool in testing the robustness of ImageNet trained deep neural networks that are widely used across a variety of systems and applications. We aim to perform a comparative analysis of OOD detection methods on ImageNet-O, a first of its kind dataset with a label distribution different than that of ImageNet, that has been created to aid research in OOD detection for ImageNet models. As this dataset is fairly new, we aim to provide a comprehensive benchmarking of some of the current state of the art OOD detection methods on this novel dataset. This benchmarking covers a variety of model architectures, settings where we haves prior access to the OOD data versus when we don't, predictive score based approaches, deep generative approaches to OOD detection, and more.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SpiroMask: Measuring Lung Function Using Consumer-Grade Masks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09280">arxiv:2201.09280</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Rishiraj Adhikary, Dhruvi Lodhavia, Chris Francis, Rohit Patil, Tanmay Srivastava, Prerna Khanna, Nipun Batra, Joe Breda, Jacob Peplinski, Shwetak Patel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), 235 million people suffer from respiratory illnesses and four million people die annually due to air pollution. Regular lung health monitoring can lead to prognoses about deteriorating lung health conditions. This paper presents our system SpiroMask that retrofits a microphone in consumer-grade masks (N95 and cloth masks) for continuous lung health monitoring. We evaluate our approach on 48 participants (including 14 with lung health issues) and find that we can estimate parameters such as lung volume and respiration rate within the approved error range by the American Thoracic Society (ATS). Further, we show that our approach is robust to sensor placement inside the mask.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Weight Expansion: A New Perspective on Dropout and Generalization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09209">arxiv:2201.09209</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Gaojie Jin, Xinping Yi, Pengfei Yang, Lijun Zhang, Sven Schewe, Xiaowei Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While dropout is known to be a successful regularization technique, insights into the mechanisms that lead to this success are still lacking. We introduce the concept of \emph{weight expansion}, an increase in the signed volume of a parallelotope spanned by the column or row vectors of the weight covariance matrix, and show that weight expansion is an effective means of increasing the generalization in a PAC-Bayesian setting. We provide a theoretical argument that dropout leads to weight expansion and extensive empirical support for the correlation between dropout and weight expansion. To support our hypothesis that weight expansion can be regarded as an \emph{indicator} of the enhanced generalization capability endowed by dropout, and not just as a mere by-product, we have studied other methods that achieve weight expansion (resp.\ contraction), and found that they generally lead to an increased (resp.\ decreased) generalization ability. This suggests that dropout is an attractive regularizer, because it is a computationally cheap method for obtaining weight expansion. This insight justifies the role of dropout as a regularizer, while paving the way for identifying regularizers that promise improved generalization through weight expansion.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Transformer-Based Feature Segmentation and Region Alignment Method For UAV-View Geo-Localization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09206">arxiv:2201.09206</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ming Dai, Jianhong Hu, Jiedong Zhuang, Enhui Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cross-view geo-localization is a task of matching the same geographic image from different views, e.g., unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) and satellite. The most difficult challenges are the position shift and the uncertainty of distance and scale. Existing methods are mainly aimed at digging for more comprehensive fine-grained information. However, it underestimates the importance of extracting robust feature representation and the impact of feature alignment. The CNN-based methods have achieved great success in cross-view geo-localization. However it still has some limitations, e.g., it can only extract part of the information in the neighborhood and some scale reduction operations will make some fine-grained information lost. In particular, we introduce a simple and efficient transformer-based structure called Feature Segmentation and Region Alignment (FSRA) to enhance the model's ability to understand contextual information as well as to understand the distribution of instances. Without using additional supervisory information, FSRA divides regions based on the heat distribution of the transformer's feature map, and then aligns multiple specific regions in different views one on one. Finally, FSRA integrates each region into a set of feature representations. The difference is that FSRA does not divide regions manually, but automatically based on the heat distribution of the feature map. So that specific instances can still be divided and aligned when there are significant shifts and scale changes in the image. In addition, a multiple sampling strategy is proposed to overcome the disparity in the number of satellite images and that of images from other sources. Experiments show that the proposed method has superior performance and achieves the state-of-the-art in both tasks of drone view target localization and drone navigation. Code will be released at https://github.com/Dmmm1997/FSRA

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Vision-Based UAV Localization System in Denial Environments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09201">arxiv:2201.09201</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ming Dai, Jinglin Huang, Jiedong Zhuang, Wenbo Lan, Yongheng Cai, Enhui Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) localization capability is critical in a Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) denial environment. The aim of this paper is to investigate the problem of locating the UAV itself through a purely visual approach. This task mainly refers to: matching the corresponding geo-tagged satellite images through the images acquired by the camera when the UAV does not acquire GNSS signals, where the satellite images are the bridge between the UAV images and the location information. However, the sampling points of previous cross-view datasets based on UAVs are discrete in spatial distribution and the inter-class relationships are not established. In the actual process of UAV-localization, the inter-class feature similarity of the proximity position distribution should be small due to the continuity of UAV movement in space. In view of this, this paper has reformulated an intensive dataset for UAV positioning tasks, which is named DenseUAV, aiming to solve the problems caused by spatial distance and scale transformation in practical application scenarios, so as to achieve high-precision UAV-localization in GNSS denial environment. In addition, a new continuum-type evaluation metric named SDM is designed to evaluate the accuracy of model matching by exploiting the continuum of UAVs in space. Specifically, with the ideas of siamese networks and metric learning, a transformer-based baseline was constructed to enhance the capture of spatially subtle features. Ultimately, a neighbor-search post-processing strategy was proposed to solve the problem of large distance localisation bias.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Minimize the Remainder in Supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09193">arxiv:2201.09193</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yan Luo, Yongkang Wong, Mohan Kankanhalli, Qi Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The learning process of deep learning methods usually updates the model's parameters in multiple iterations. Each iteration can be viewed as the first-order approximation of Taylor's series expansion. The remainder, which consists of higher-order terms, is usually ignored in the learning process for simplicity. This learning scheme empowers various multimedia based applications, such as image retrieval, recommendation system, and video search. Generally, multimedia data (e.g., images) are semantics-rich and high-dimensional, hence the remainders of approximations are possibly non-zero. In this work, we consider the remainder to be informative and study how it affects the learning process. To this end, we propose a new learning approach, namely gradient adjustment learning (GAL), to leverage the knowledge learned from the past training iterations to adjust vanilla gradients, such that the remainders are minimized and the approximations are improved. The proposed GAL is model- and optimizer-agnostic, and is easy to adapt to the standard learning framework. It is evaluated on three tasks, i.e., image classification, object detection, and regression, with state-of-the-art models and optimizers. The experiments show that the proposed GAL consistently enhances the evaluated models, whereas the ablation studies validate various aspects of the proposed GAL. The code is available at \url{https://github.com/luoyan407/gradient_adjustment.git}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Post-processing of Differentially Private Data: A Fairness Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09425">arxiv:2201.09425</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Keyu Zhu, Ferdinando Fioretto, Pascal Van Hentenryck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Post-processing immunity is a fundamental property of differential privacy: it enables arbitrary data-independent transformations to differentially private outputs without affecting their privacy guarantees. Post-processing is routinely applied in data-release applications, including census data, which are then used to make allocations with substantial societal impacts. This paper shows that post-processing causes disparate impacts on individuals or groups and analyzes two critical settings: the release of differentially private datasets and the use of such private datasets for downstream decisions, such as the allocation of funds informed by US Census data. In the first setting, the paper proposes tight bounds on the unfairness of traditional post-processing mechanisms, giving a unique tool to decision-makers to quantify the disparate impacts introduced by their release. In the second setting, this paper proposes a novel post-processing mechanism that is (approximately) optimal under different fairness metrics, either reducing fairness issues substantially or reducing the cost of privacy. The theoretical analysis is complemented with numerical simulations on Census data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast MRI Reconstruction: How Powerful Transformers Are?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09400">arxiv:2201.09400</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiahao Huang, Yinzhe Wu, Huanjun Wu, Guang Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a widely used non-radiative and non-invasive method for clinical interrogation of organ structures and metabolism, with an inherently long scanning time. Methods by k-space undersampling and deep learning based reconstruction have been popularised to accelerate the scanning process. This work focuses on investigating how powerful transformers are for fast MRI by exploiting and comparing different novel network architectures. In particular, a generative adversarial network (GAN) based Swin transformer (ST-GAN) was introduced for the fast MRI reconstruction. To further preserve the edge and texture information, edge enhanced GAN based Swin transformer (EESGAN) and texture enhanced GAN based Swin transformer (TES-GAN) were also developed, where a dual-discriminator GAN structure was applied. We compared our proposed GAN based transformers, standalone Swin transformer and other convolutional neural networks based based GAN model in terms of the evaluation metrics PSNR, SSIM and FID. We showed that transformers work well for the MRI reconstruction from different undersampling conditions. The utilisation of GAN's adversarial structure improves the quality of images reconstructed when undersampled for 30% or higher.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sketch2PQ: Freeform Planar Quadrilateral Mesh Design via a Single Sketch</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09367">arxiv:2201.09367</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhi Deng, Yang Liu, Hao Pan, Wassim Jabi, Juyong Zhang, Bailin Deng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The freeform architectural modeling process often involves two important stages: concept design and digital modeling. In the first stage, architects usually sketch the overall 3D shape and the panel layout on a physical or digital paper briefly. In the second stage, a digital 3D model is created using the sketching as the reference. The digital model needs to incorporate geometric requirements for its components, such as planarity of panels due to consideration of construction costs, which can make the modeling process more challenging. In this work, we present a novel sketch-based system to bridge the concept design and digital modeling of freeform roof-like shapes represented as planar quadrilateral (PQ) meshes. Our system allows the user to sketch the surface boundary and contour lines under axonometric projection and supports the sketching of occluded regions. In addition, the user can sketch feature lines to provide directional guidance to the PQ mesh layout. Given the 2D sketch input, we propose a deep neural network to infer in real-time the underlying surface shape along with a dense conjugate direction field, both of which are used to extract the final PQ mesh. To train and validate our network, we generate a large synthetic dataset that mimics architect sketching of freeform quadrilateral patches. The effectiveness and usability of our system are demonstrated with quantitative and qualitative evaluation as well as user studies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Perceptual cGAN for MRI Super-resolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09314">arxiv:2201.09314</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sahar Almahfouz Nasser, Saqib Shamsi, Valay Bundele, Bhavesh Garg, Amit Sethi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Capturing high-resolution magnetic resonance (MR) images is a time consuming process, which makes it unsuitable for medical emergencies and pediatric patients. Low-resolution MR imaging, by contrast, is faster than its high-resolution counterpart, but it compromises on fine details necessary for a more precise diagnosis. Super-resolution (SR), when applied to low-resolution MR images, can help increase their utility by synthetically generating high-resolution images with little additional time. In this paper, we present a SR technique for MR images that is based on generative adversarial networks (GANs), which have proven to be quite useful in generating sharp-looking details in SR. We introduce a conditional GAN with perceptual loss, which is conditioned upon the input low-resolution image, which improves the performance for isotropic and anisotropic MRI super-resolution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning-Driven Lossy Image Compression; A Comprehensive Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09240">arxiv:2201.09240</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sonain Jamil, Md. Jalil Piran,  MuhibUrRahman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the realm of image processing and computer vision (CV), machine learning (ML) architectures are widely applied. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) solve a wide range of image processing issues and can solve image compression problem. Compression of images is necessary due to bandwidth and memory constraints. Helpful, redundant, and irrelevant information are three different forms of information found in images. This paper aims to survey recent techniques utilizing mostly lossy image compression using ML architectures including different auto-encoders (AEs) such as convolutional auto-encoders (CAEs), variational auto-encoders (VAEs), and AEs with hyper-prior models, recurrent neural networks (RNNs), CNNs, generative adversarial networks (GANs), principal component analysis (PCA) and fuzzy means clustering. We divide all of the algorithms into several groups based on architecture. We cover still image compression in this survey. Various discoveries for the researchers are emphasized and possible future directions for researchers. The open research problems such as out of memory (OOM), striped region distortion (SRD), aliasing, and compatibility of the frameworks with central processing unit (CPU) and graphics processing unit (GPU) simultaneously are explained. The majority of the publications in the compression domain surveyed are from the previous five years and use a variety of approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>One-Shot Learning on Attributed Sequences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09202">arxiv:2201.09202</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhongfang Zhuang, Xiangnan Kong, Elke Rundensteiner, Aditya Arora, Jihane Zouaoui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One-shot learning has become an important research topic in the last decade with many real-world applications. The goal of one-shot learning is to classify unlabeled instances when there is only one labeled example per class. Conventional problem setting of one-shot learning mainly focuses on the data that is already in feature space (such as images). However, the data instances in real-world applications are often more complex and feature vectors may not be available. In this paper, we study the problem of one-shot learning on attributed sequences, where each instance is composed of a set of attributes (e.g., user profile) and a sequence of categorical items (e.g., clickstream). This problem is important for a variety of real-world applications ranging from fraud prevention to network intrusion detection. This problem is more challenging than conventional one-shot learning since there are dependencies between attributes and sequences. We design a deep learning framework OLAS to tackle this problem. The proposed OLAS utilizes a twin network to generalize the features from pairwise attributed sequence examples. Empirical results on real-world datasets demonstrate the proposed OLAS can outperform the state-of-the-art methods under a rich variety of parameter settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning on Attributed Sequences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09199">arxiv:2201.09199</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhongfang Zhuang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent research in feature learning has been extended to sequence data, where each instance consists of a sequence of heterogeneous items with a variable length. However, in many real-world applications, the data exists in the form of attributed sequences, which is composed of a set of fixed-size attributes and variable-length sequences with dependencies between them. In the attributed sequence context, feature learning remains challenging due to the dependencies between sequences and their associated attributes. In this dissertation, we focus on analyzing and building deep learning models for four new problems on attributed sequences. Our extensive experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed solutions significantly improve the performance of each task over the state-of-the-art methods on attributed sequences.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distributed Learning of Generalized Linear Causal Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09194">arxiv:2201.09194</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Qiaoling Ye, Arash A. Amini, Qing Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the task of learning causal structures from data stored on multiple machines, and propose a novel structure learning method called distributed annealing on regularized likelihood score (DARLS) to solve this problem. We model causal structures by a directed acyclic graph that is parameterized with generalized linear models, so that our method is applicable to various types of data. To obtain a high-scoring causal graph, DARLS simulates an annealing process to search over the space of topological sorts, where the optimal graphical structure compatible with a sort is found by a distributed optimization method. This distributed optimization relies on multiple rounds of communication between local and central machines to estimate the optimal structure. We establish its convergence to a global optimizer of the overall score that is computed on all data across local machines. To the best of our knowledge, DARLS is the first distributed method for learning causal graphs with such theoretical guarantees. Through extensive simulation studies, DARLS has shown competing performance against existing methods on distributed data, and achieved comparable structure learning accuracy and test-data likelihood with competing methods applied to pooled data across all local machines. In a real-world application for modeling protein-DNA binding networks with distributed ChIP-Sequencing data, DARLS also exhibits higher predictive power than other methods, demonstrating a great advantage in estimating causal networks from distributed data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AutoMC: Automated Model Compression based on Domain Knowledge and Progressive search strategy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09884">arxiv:2201.09884</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chunnan Wang, Hongzhi Wang, Xiangyu Shi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Model compression methods can reduce model complexity on the premise of maintaining acceptable performance, and thus promote the application of deep neural networks under resource constrained environments. Despite their great success, the selection of suitable compression methods and design of details of the compression scheme are difficult, requiring lots of domain knowledge as support, which is not friendly to non-expert users. To make more users easily access to the model compression scheme that best meet their needs, in this paper, we propose AutoMC, an effective automatic tool for model compression. AutoMC builds the domain knowledge on model compression to deeply understand the characteristics and advantages of each compression method under different settings. In addition, it presents a progressive search strategy to efficiently explore pareto optimal compression scheme according to the learned prior knowledge combined with the historical evaluation information. Extensive experimental results show that AutoMC can provide satisfying compression schemes within short time, demonstrating the effectiveness of AutoMC.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Homotopic Policy Mirror Descent: Policy Convergence, Implicit Regularization, and Improved Sample Complexity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09457">arxiv:2201.09457</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yan Li, Tuo Zhao, Guanghui Lan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose the homotopic policy mirror descent (HPMD) method for solving discounted, infinite horizon MDPs with finite state and action space, and study its policy convergence. We report three properties that seem to be new in the literature of policy gradient methods: (1) HPMD exhibits global linear convergence of the value optimality gap, and local superlinear convergence of the policy to the set of optimal policies with order $γ^{-2}$. The superlinear convergence of the policy takes effect after no more than $\mathcal{O}(\log(1/Δ^*))$ number of iterations, where $Δ^*$ is defined via a gap quantity associated with the optimal state-action value function; (2) HPMD also exhibits last-iterate convergence of the policy, with the limiting policy corresponding exactly to the optimal policy with the maximal entropy for every state. No regularization is added to the optimization objective and hence the second observation arises solely as an algorithmic property of the homotopic policy gradient method. (3) For the stochastic HPMD method, we further demonstrate a better than $\mathcal{O}(|\mathcal{S}| |\mathcal{A}| / ε^2)$ sample complexity for small optimality gap $ε$, when assuming a generative model for policy evaluation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Approximation bounds for norm constrained neural networks with applications to regression and GANs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09418">arxiv:2201.09418</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yuling Jiao, Yang Wang, Yunfei Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper studies the approximation capacity of ReLU neural networks with norm constraint on the weights. We prove upper and lower bounds on the approximation error of these networks for smooth function classes. The lower bound is derived through the Rademacher complexity of neural networks, which may be of independent interest. We apply these approximation bounds to analyze the convergence of regression using norm constrained neural networks and distribution estimation by GANs. In particular, we obtain convergence rates for over-parameterized neural networks. It is also shown that GANs can achieve optimal rate of learning probability distributions, when the discriminator is a properly chosen norm constrained neural network.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MISeval: a Metric Library for Medical Image Segmentation Evaluation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09395">arxiv:2201.09395</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dominik Müller, Dennis Hartmann, Philip Meyer, Florian Auer, Iñaki Soto-Rey, Frank Kramer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Correct performance assessment is crucial for evaluating modern artificial intelligence algorithms in medicine like deep-learning based medical image segmentation models. However, there is no universal metric library in Python for standardized and reproducible evaluation. Thus, we propose our open-source publicly available Python package MISeval: a metric library for Medical Image Segmentation Evaluation. The implemented metrics can be intuitively used and easily integrated into any performance assessment pipeline. The package utilizes modern CI/CD strategies to ensure functionality and stability. MISeval is available from PyPI (miseval) and GitHub: https://github.com/frankkramer-lab/miseval.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Partition-Based Active Learning for Graph Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09391">arxiv:2201.09391</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiaqi Ma, Ziqiao Ma, Joyce Chai, Qiaozhu Mei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of semi-supervised learning with Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) in an active learning setup. We propose GraphPart, a novel partition-based active learning approach for GNNs. GraphPart first splits the graph into disjoint partitions and then selects representative nodes within each partition to query. The proposed method is motivated by a novel analysis of the classification error under realistic smoothness assumptions over the graph and the node features. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms existing active learning methods for GNNs under a wide range of annotation budget constraints. In addition, the proposed method does not introduce additional hyperparameters, which is crucial for model training, especially in the active learning setting where a labeled validation set may not be available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast Transient Stability Prediction Using Grid-informed Temporal and Topological Embedding Deep Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09245">arxiv:2201.09245</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Peiyuan Sun, Long Huo, Siyuan Liang, Xin Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transient stability prediction is critically essential to the fast online assessment and maintaining the stable operation in power systems. The wide deployment of phasor measurement units (PMUs) promotes the development of data-driven approaches for transient stability assessment. This paper proposes the temporal and topological embedding deep neural network (TTEDNN) model to forecast transient stability with the early transient dynamics. The TTEDNN model can accurately and efficiently predict the transient stability by extracting the temporal and topological features from the time-series data of the early transient dynamics. The grid-informed adjacency matrix is used to incorporate the power grid structural and electrical parameter information. The transient dynamics simulation environments under the single-node and multiple-node perturbations are used to test the performance of the TTEDNN model for the IEEE 39-bus and IEEE 118-bus power systems. The results show that the TTEDNN model has the best and most robust prediction performance. Furthermore, the TTEDNN model also demonstrates the transfer capability to predict the transient stability in the more complicated transient dynamics simulation environments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Large and Diverse Arabic Corpus for Language Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09227">arxiv:2201.09227</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Abbas Raza Ali</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Language models (LMs) have introduced a major paradigm shift in Natural Language Processing (NLP) modeling where large pre-trained LMs became integral to most of the NLP tasks. The LMs are intelligent enough to find useful and relevant representations of the language without any supervision. Perhaps, these models are used to fine-tune typical NLP tasks with significantly high accuracy as compared to the traditional approaches. Conversely, the training of these models requires a massively large corpus that is a good representation of the language. English LMs generally perform better than their other language counterparts, due to the availability of massive English corpora.
  This work elaborates on the design and development of a large Arabic corpus. It consists of over 500 GB of Arabic cleaned text targeted at improving cross-domain knowledge and downstream generalization capability of large-scale language models. Moreover, the corpus is utilized in the training of a large Arabic LM. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the LM, a number of typical NLP tasks are fine-tuned. The tasks demonstrate a significant boost from 4.5 to 8.5% when compared to tasks fine-tuned on multi-lingual BERT (mBERT). To the best of my knowledge, this is currently the largest clean and diverse Arabic corpus ever collected.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>pvCNN: Privacy-Preserving and Verifiable Convolutional Neural Network Testing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09186">arxiv:2201.09186</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiasi Weng, Jian Weng, Gui Tang, Anjia Yang, Ming Li, Jia-Nan Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes a new approach for privacy-preserving and verifiable convolutional neural network (CNN) testing, enabling a CNN model developer to convince a user of the truthful CNN performance over non-public data from multiple testers, while respecting model privacy. To balance the security and efficiency issues, three new efforts are done by appropriately integrating homomorphic encryption (HE) and zero-knowledge succinct non-interactive argument of knowledge (zk-SNARK) primitives with the CNN testing. First, a CNN model to be tested is strategically partitioned into a private part kept locally by the model developer, and a public part outsourced to an outside server. Then, the private part runs over HE-protected test data sent by a tester and transmits its outputs to the public part for accomplishing subsequent computations of the CNN testing. Second, the correctness of the above CNN testing is enforced by generating zk-SNARK based proofs, with an emphasis on optimizing proving overhead for two-dimensional (2-D) convolution operations, since the operations dominate the performance bottleneck during generating proofs. We specifically present a new quadratic matrix programs (QMPs)-based arithmetic circuit with a single multiplication gate for expressing 2-D convolution operations between multiple filters and inputs in a batch manner. Third, we aggregate multiple proofs with respect to a same CNN model but different testers' test data (i.e., different statements) into one proof, and ensure that the validity of the aggregated proof implies the validity of the original multiple proofs. Lastly, our experimental results demonstrate that our QMPs-based zk-SNARK performs nearly 13.9$\times$faster than the existing QAPs-based zk-SNARK in proving time, and 17.6$\times$faster in Setup time, for high-dimension matrix multiplication.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Online Assessment Misconduct Detection using Internet Protocol and Behavioural Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.13226">arxiv:2201.13226</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Leslie Ching Ow Tiong, HeeJeong Jasmine Lee, Kai Li Lim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the recent prevalence of remote education, academic assessments are often conducted online, leading to further concerns surrounding assessment misconducts. This paper investigates the potentials of online assessment misconduct (e-cheating) and proposes practical countermeasures against them. The mechanism for detecting the practices of online cheating is presented in the form of an e-cheating intelligent agent, comprising of an internet protocol (IP) detector and a behavioural monitor. The IP detector is an auxiliary detector which assigns randomised and unique assessment sets as an early procedure to reduce potential misconducts. The behavioural monitor scans for irregularities in assessment responses from the candidates, further reducing any misconduct attempts. This is highlighted through the proposal of the DenseLSTM using a deep learning approach. Additionally, a new PT Behavioural Database is presented and made publicly available. Experiments conducted on this dataset confirm the effectiveness of the DenseLSTM, resulting in classification accuracies of up to 90.7%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Simulating Using Deep Learning The World Trade Forecasting of Export-Import Exchange Rate Convergence Factor During COVID-19</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.12291">arxiv:2201.12291</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Effat Ara Easmin Lucky, Md. Mahadi Hasan Sany, Mumenunnesa Keya, Md. Moshiur Rahaman, Umme Habiba Happy, Sharun Akter Khushbu, Md. Arid Hasan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** By trade we usually mean the exchange of goods between states and countries. International trade acts as a barometer of the economic prosperity index and every country is overly dependent on resources, so international trade is essential. Trade is significant to the global health crisis, saving lives and livelihoods. By collecting the dataset called "Effects of COVID19 on trade" from the state website NZ Tatauranga Aotearoa, we have developed a sustainable prediction process on the effects of COVID-19 in world trade using a deep learning model. In the research, we have given a 180-day trade forecast where the ups and downs of daily imports and exports have been accurately predicted in the Covid-19 period. In order to fulfill this prediction, we have taken data from 1st January 2015 to 30th May 2021 for all countries, all commodities, and all transport systems and have recovered what the world trade situation will be in the next 180 days during the Covid-19 period. The deep learning method has received equal attention from both investors and researchers in the field of in-depth observation. This study predicts global trade using the Long-Short Term Memory. Time series analysis can be useful to see how a given asset, security, or economy changes over time. Time series analysis plays an important role in past analysis to get different predictions of the future and it can be observed that some factors affect a particular variable from period to period. Through the time series it is possible to observe how various economic changes or trade effects change over time. By reviewing these changes, one can be aware of the steps to be taken in the future and a country can be more careful in terms of imports and exports accordingly. From our time series analysis, it can be said that the LSTM model has given a very gracious thought of the future world import and export situation in terms of trade.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COVID-19 Status Forecasting Using New Viral variants and Vaccination Effectiveness Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.10356">arxiv:2201.10356</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Essam A. Rashed, Sachiko Kodera, Akimasa Hirata</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Background: Recently, a high number of daily positive COVID-19 cases have been reported in regions with relatively high vaccination rates; hence, booster vaccination has become necessary. In addition, infections caused by the different variants and correlated factors have not been discussed in depth. With large variabilities and different co-factors, it is difficult to use conventional mathematical models to forecast the incidence of COVID-19.
  Methods: Machine learning based on long short-term memory was applied to forecasting the time series of new daily positive cases (DPC), serious cases, hospitalized cases, and deaths. Data acquired from regions with high rates of vaccination, such as Israel, were blended with the current data of other regions in Japan to factor in the potential effects of vaccination. The protection provided by symptomatic infection was also considered in terms of the population effectiveness of vaccination as well as the waning protection and ratio and infectivity of viral variants. To represent changes in public behavior, public mobility and interactions through social media were also included in the analysis.
  Findings: Comparing the observed and estimated new DPC in Tel Aviv, Israel, the parameters characterizing vaccination effectiveness and the waning protection from infection were well estimated; the vaccination effectiveness of the second dose after 5 months and the third dose after two weeks from infection by the delta variant were 0.24 and 0.95, respectively. Using the extracted parameters regarding vaccination effectiveness, new cases in three prefectures of Japan were replicated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Architecture Search for Spiking Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.10355">arxiv:2201.10355</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Youngeun Kim, Yuhang Li, Hyoungseob Park, Yeshwanth Venkatesha, Priyadarshini Panda</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) have gained huge attention as a potential energy-efficient alternative to conventional Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) due to their inherent high-sparsity activation. However, most prior SNN methods use ANN-like architectures (e.g., VGG-Net or ResNet), which could provide sub-optimal performance for temporal sequence processing of binary information in SNNs. To address this, in this paper, we introduce a novel Neural Architecture Search (NAS) approach for finding better SNN architectures. Inspired by recent NAS approaches that find the optimal architecture from activation patterns at initialization, we select the architecture that can represent diverse spike activation patterns across different data samples without training. Furthermore, to leverage the temporal correlation among the spikes, we search for feed forward connections as well as backward connections (i.e., temporal feedback connections) between layers. Interestingly, SNASNet found by our search algorithm achieves higher performance with backward connections, demonstrating the importance of designing SNN architecture for suitably using temporal information. We conduct extensive experiments on three image recognition benchmarks where we show that SNASNet achieves state-of-the-art performance with significantly lower timesteps (5 timesteps).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automated machine learning for secure key rate in discrete-modulated continuous-variable quantum key distribution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09419">arxiv:2201.09419</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhi-Ping Liu, Min-Gang Zhou, Wen-Bo Liu, Chen-Long Li, Jie Gu, Hua-Lei Yin, Zeng-Bing Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Continuous-variable quantum key distribution (CV QKD) with discrete modulation has attracted increasing attention due to its experimental simplicity, lower-cost implementation and compatibility with classical optical communication. Correspondingly, some novel numerical methods have been proposed to analyze the security of these protocols against collective attacks, which promotes key rates over one hundred kilometers of fiber distance. However, numerical methods are limited by their calculation time and resource consumption, for which they cannot play more roles on mobile platforms in quantum networks. To improve this issue, a neural network model predicting key rates in nearly real time has been proposed previously. Here, we go further and show a neural network model combined with Bayesian optimization. This model automatically designs the best architecture of neural network computing key rates in real time. We demonstrate our model with two variants of CV QKD protocols with quaternary modulation. The results show high reliability with secure probability as high as $99.15\%-99.59\%$, considerable tightness and high efficiency with speedup of approximately $10^7$ in both cases. This inspiring model enables the real-time computation of unstructured quantum key distribution protocols' key rate more automatically and efficiently, which has met the growing needs of implementing QKD protocols on moving platforms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ReconFormer: Accelerated MRI Reconstruction Using Recurrent Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09376">arxiv:2201.09376</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pengfei Guo, Yiqun Mei, Jinyuan Zhou, Shanshan Jiang, Vishal M. Patel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accelerating magnetic resonance image (MRI) reconstruction process is a challenging ill-posed inverse problem due to the excessive under-sampling operation in k-space. In this paper, we propose a recurrent transformer model, namely ReconFormer, for MRI reconstruction which can iteratively reconstruct high fertility magnetic resonance images from highly under-sampled k-space data. In particular, the proposed architecture is built upon Recurrent Pyramid Transformer Layers (RPTL), which jointly exploits intrinsic multi-scale information at every architecture unit as well as the dependencies of the deep feature correlation through recurrent states. Moreover, the proposed ReconFormer is lightweight since it employs the recurrent structure for its parameter efficiency. We validate the effectiveness of ReconFormer on multiple datasets with different magnetic resonance sequences and show that it achieves significant improvements over the state-of-the-art methods with better parameter efficiency. Implementation code will be available in https://github.com/guopengf/ReconFormer.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Imposing Connectome-Derived Topology on an Echo State Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09359">arxiv:2201.09359</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jacob Morra, Mark Daley</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Can connectome-derived constraints inform computation? In this paper we investigate the contribution of a fruit fly connectome's topology on the performance of an Echo State Network (ESN) -- a subset of Reservoir Computing which is state of the art in chaotic time series prediction. Specifically, we replace the reservoir layer of a classical ESN -- normally a fixed, random graph represented as a 2-d matrix -- with a particular (female) fruit fly connectome-derived connectivity matrix. We refer to this experimental class of models (with connectome-derived reservoirs) as "Fruit Fly ESNs" (FFESNs). We train and validate the FFESN on a chaotic time series prediction task; here we consider four sets of trials with different training input sizes (small, large) and train-validate splits (two variants). We compare the validation performance (Mean-Squared Error) of all of the best FFESN models to a class of control model ESNs (simply referred to as "ESNs"). Overall, for all four sets of trials we find that the FFESN either significantly outperforms (and has lower variance than) the ESN; or simply has lower variance than the ESN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A hybrid deep learning approach for purchasing strategy of carbon emission rights -- Based on Shanghai pilot market</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.13235">arxiv:2201.13235</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Jiayue Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The price of carbon emission rights play a crucial role in carbon trading markets. Therefore, accurate prediction of the price is critical. Taking the Shanghai pilot market as an example, this paper attempted to design a carbon emission purchasing strategy for enterprises, and establish a carbon emission price prediction model to help them reduce the purchasing cost. To make predictions more precise, we built a hybrid deep learning model by embedding Generalized Autoregressive Conditional Heteroskedastic (GARCH) into the Gate Recurrent Unit (GRU) model, and compared the performance with those of other models. Then, based on the Iceberg Order Theory and the predicted price, we proposed the purchasing strategy of carbon emission rights. As a result, the prediction errors of the GARCH-GRU model with a 5-day sliding time window were the minimum values of all six models. And in the simulation, the purchasing strategy based on the GARCH-GRU model was executed with the least cost as well. The carbon emission purchasing strategy constructed by the hybrid deep learning method can accurately send out timing signals, and help enterprises reduce the purchasing cost of carbon emission permits.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hardware/Software Co-Programmable Framework for Computational SSDs to Accelerate Deep Learning Service on Large-Scale Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09189">arxiv:2201.09189</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Miryeong Kwon, Donghyun Gouk, Sangwon Lee, Myoungsoo Jung</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph neural networks (GNNs) process large-scale graphs consisting of a hundred billion edges. In contrast to traditional deep learning, unique behaviors of the emerging GNNs are engaged with a large set of graphs and embedding data on storage, which exhibits complex and irregular preprocessing.
  We propose a novel deep learning framework on large graphs, HolisticGNN, that provides an easy-to-use, near-storage inference infrastructure for fast, energy-efficient GNN processing. To achieve the best end-to-end latency and high energy efficiency, HolisticGNN allows users to implement various GNN algorithms and directly executes them where the actual data exist in a holistic manner. It also enables RPC over PCIe such that the users can simply program GNNs through a graph semantic library without any knowledge of the underlying hardware or storage configurations.
  We fabricate HolisticGNN's hardware RTL and implement its software on an FPGA-based computational SSD (CSSD). Our empirical evaluations show that the inference time of HolisticGNN outperforms GNN inference services using high-performance modern GPUs by 7.1x while reducing energy consumption by 33.2x, on average.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.01.22]({{ '/2022/01/22/2022.01.22.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.01.24]({{ '/2022/01/24/2022.01.24.html' | relative_url }})