Prev: [2022.09.16]({{ '/2022/09/16/2022.09.16.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.09.18]({{ '/2022/09/18/2022.09.18.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-09-17, created on 2022-09-21


<details><summary><b>Detecting Generated Scientific Papers using an Ensemble of Transformer Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08283">arxiv:2209.08283</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Anna Glazkova, Maksim Glazkov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The paper describes neural models developed for the DAGPap22 shared task hosted at the Third Workshop on Scholarly Document Processing. This shared task targets the automatic detection of generated scientific papers. Our work focuses on comparing different transformer-based models as well as using additional datasets and techniques to deal with imbalanced classes. As a final submission, we utilized an ensemble of SciBERT, RoBERTa, and DeBERTa fine-tuned using random oversampling technique. Our model achieved 99.24% in terms of F1-score. The official evaluation results have put our system at the third place.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantum Computing Methods for Supply Chain Management</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08246">arxiv:2209.08246</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Hansheng Jiang, Zuo-Jun Max Shen, Junyu Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quantum computing is expected to have transformative influences on many domains, but its practical deployments on industry problems are underexplored. We focus on applying quantum computing to operations management problems in industry, and in particular, supply chain management. Many problems in supply chain management involve large state and action spaces and pose computational challenges on classic computers. We develop a quantized policy iteration algorithm to solve an inventory control problem and demonstrative its effectiveness. We also discuss in-depth the hardware requirements and potential challenges on implementing this quantum algorithm in the near term. Our simulations and experiments are powered by the IBM Qiskit and the qBraid system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Introspective Learning : A Two-Stage Approach for Inference in Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08425">arxiv:2209.08425</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mohit Prabhushankar, Ghassan AlRegib</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we advocate for two stages in a neural network's decision making process. The first is the existing feed-forward inference framework where patterns in given data are sensed and associated with previously learned patterns. The second stage is a slower reflection stage where we ask the network to reflect on its feed-forward decision by considering and evaluating all available choices. Together, we term the two stages as introspective learning. We use gradients of trained neural networks as a measurement of this reflection. A simple three-layered Multi Layer Perceptron is used as the second stage that predicts based on all extracted gradient features. We perceptually visualize the post-hoc explanations from both stages to provide a visual grounding to introspection. For the application of recognition, we show that an introspective network is 4% more robust and 42% less prone to calibration errors when generalizing to noisy data. We also illustrate the value of introspective networks in downstream tasks that require generalizability and calibration including active learning, out-of-distribution detection, and uncertainty estimation. Finally, we ground the proposed machine introspection to human introspection for the application of image quality assessment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hierarchical fuzzy neural networks with privacy preservation for heterogeneous big data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08467">arxiv:2209.08467</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Leijie Zhang, Ye Shi, Yu-Cheng Chang, Chin-Teng Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Heterogeneous big data poses many challenges in machine learning. Its enormous scale, high dimensionality, and inherent uncertainty make almost every aspect of machine learning difficult, from providing enough processing power to maintaining model accuracy to protecting privacy. However, perhaps the most imposing problem is that big data is often interspersed with sensitive personal data. Hence, we propose a privacy-preserving hierarchical fuzzy neural network (PP-HFNN) to address these technical challenges while also alleviating privacy concerns. The network is trained with a two-stage optimization algorithm, and the parameters at low levels of the hierarchy are learned with a scheme based on the well-known alternating direction method of multipliers, which does not reveal local data to other agents. Coordination at high levels of the hierarchy is handled by the alternating optimization method, which converges very quickly. The entire training procedure is scalable, fast and does not suffer from gradient vanishing problems like the methods based on back-propagation. Comprehensive simulations conducted on both regression and classification tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Simplifying Model-based RL: Learning Representations, Latent-space Models, and Policies with One Objective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08466">arxiv:2209.08466</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Raj Ghugare, Homanga Bharadhwaj, Benjamin Eysenbach, Sergey Levine, Ruslan Salakhutdinov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While reinforcement learning (RL) methods that learn an internal model of the environment have the potential to be more sample efficient than their model-free counterparts, learning to model raw observations from high dimensional sensors can be challenging. Prior work has addressed this challenge by learning low-dimensional representation of observations through auxiliary objectives, such as reconstruction or value prediction. However, the alignment between these auxiliary objectives and the RL objective is often unclear. In this work, we propose a single objective which jointly optimizes a latent-space model and policy to achieve high returns while remaining self-consistent. This objective is a lower bound on expected returns. Unlike prior bounds for model-based RL on policy exploration or model guarantees, our bound is directly on the overall RL objective. We demonstrate that the resulting algorithm matches or improves the sample-efficiency of the best prior model-based and model-free RL methods. While such sample efficient methods typically are computationally demanding, our method attains the performance of SAC in about 50\% less wall-clock time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Estimating and Explaining Model Performance When Both Covariates and Labels Shift</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08436">arxiv:2209.08436</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Lingjiao Chen, Matei Zaharia, James Zou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deployed machine learning (ML) models often encounter new user data that differs from their training data. Therefore, estimating how well a given model might perform on the new data is an important step toward reliable ML applications. This is very challenging, however, as the data distribution can change in flexible ways, and we may not have any labels on the new data, which is often the case in monitoring settings. In this paper, we propose a new distribution shift model, Sparse Joint Shift (SJS), which considers the joint shift of both labels and a few features. This unifies and generalizes several existing shift models including label shift and sparse covariate shift, where only marginal feature or label distribution shifts are considered. We describe mathematical conditions under which SJS is identifiable. We further propose SEES, an algorithmic framework to characterize the distribution shift under SJS and to estimate a model's performance on new data without any labels. We conduct extensive experiments on several real-world datasets with various ML models. Across different datasets and distribution shifts, SEES achieves significant (up to an order of magnitude) shift estimation error improvements over existing approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rethinking Personalized Ranking at Pinterest: An End-to-End Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08435">arxiv:2209.08435</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiajing Xu, Andrew Zhai, Charles Rosenberg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we present our journey to revolutionize the personalized recommendation engine through end-to-end learning from raw user actions. We encode user's long-term interest in Pinner- Former, a user embedding optimized for long-term future actions via a new dense all-action loss, and capture user's short-term intention by directly learning from the real-time action sequences. We conducted both offline and online experiments to validate the performance of the new model architecture, and also address the challenge of serving such a complex model using mixed CPU/GPU setup in production. The proposed system has been deployed in production at Pinterest and has delivered significant online gains across organic and Ads applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Constrained Policy Optimization for Controlled Self-Learning in Conversational AI Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08429">arxiv:2209.08429</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mohammad Kachuee, Sungjin Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, self-learning methods based on user satisfaction metrics and contextual bandits have shown promising results to enable consistent improvements in conversational AI systems. However, directly targeting such metrics by off-policy bandit learning objectives often increases the risk of making abrupt policy changes that break the current user experience. In this study, we introduce a scalable framework for supporting fine-grained exploration targets for individual domains via user-defined constraints. For example, we may want to ensure fewer policy deviations in business-critical domains such as shopping, while allocating more exploration budget to domains such as music. Furthermore, we present a novel meta-gradient learning approach that is scalable and practical to address this problem. The proposed method adjusts constraint violation penalty terms adaptively through a meta objective that encourages balanced constraint satisfaction across domains. We conduct extensive experiments using data from a real-world conversational AI on a set of realistic constraint benchmarks. Based on the experimental results, we demonstrate that the proposed approach is capable of achieving the best balance between the policy value and constraint satisfaction rate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sample-Efficient Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning with Demonstrations for Flocking Control</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08351">arxiv:2209.08351</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yunbo Qiu, Yuzhu Zhan, Yue Jin, Jian Wang, Xudong Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Flocking control is a significant problem in multi-agent systems such as multi-agent unmanned aerial vehicles and multi-agent autonomous underwater vehicles, which enhances the cooperativity and safety of agents. In contrast to traditional methods, multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) solves the problem of flocking control more flexibly. However, methods based on MARL suffer from sample inefficiency, since they require a huge number of experiences to be collected from interactions between agents and the environment. We propose a novel method Pretraining with Demonstrations for MARL (PwD-MARL), which can utilize non-expert demonstrations collected in advance with traditional methods to pretrain agents. During the process of pretraining, agents learn policies from demonstrations by MARL and behavior cloning simultaneously, and are prevented from overfitting demonstrations. By pretraining with non-expert demonstrations, PwD-MARL improves sample efficiency in the process of online MARL with a warm start. Experiments show that PwD-MARL improves sample efficiency and policy performance in the problem of flocking control, even with bad or few demonstrations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sub-optimal Policy Aided Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning for Flocking Control</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08347">arxiv:2209.08347</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yunbo Qiu, Yue Jin, Jian Wang, Xudong Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Flocking control is a challenging problem, where multiple agents, such as drones or vehicles, need to reach a target position while maintaining the flock and avoiding collisions with obstacles and collisions among agents in the environment. Multi-agent reinforcement learning has achieved promising performance in flocking control. However, methods based on traditional reinforcement learning require a considerable number of interactions between agents and the environment. This paper proposes a sub-optimal policy aided multi-agent reinforcement learning algorithm (SPA-MARL) to boost sample efficiency. SPA-MARL directly leverages a prior policy that can be manually designed or solved with a non-learning method to aid agents in learning, where the performance of the policy can be sub-optimal. SPA-MARL recognizes the difference in performance between the sub-optimal policy and itself, and then imitates the sub-optimal policy if the sub-optimal policy is better. We leverage SPA-MARL to solve the flocking control problem. A traditional control method based on artificial potential fields is used to generate a sub-optimal policy. Experiments demonstrate that SPA-MARL can speed up the training process and outperform both the MARL baseline and the used sub-optimal policy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Empathetic AI Coach for Self-Attachment Therapy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08316">arxiv:2209.08316</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Lisa Alazraki, Ali Ghachem, Neophytos Polydorou, Foaad Khosmood, Abbas Edalat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we present a new dataset and a computational strategy for a digital coach that aims to guide users in practicing the protocols of self-attachment therapy. Our framework augments a rule-based conversational agent with a deep-learning classifier for identifying the underlying emotion in a user's text response, as well as a deep-learning assisted retrieval method for producing novel, fluent and empathetic utterances. We also craft a set of human-like personas that users can choose to interact with. Our goal is to achieve a high level of engagement during virtual therapy sessions. We evaluate the effectiveness of our framework in a non-clinical trial with N=16 participants, all of whom have had at least four interactions with the agent over the course of five days. We find that our platform is consistently rated higher for empathy, user engagement and usefulness than the simple rule-based framework. Finally, we provide guidelines to further improve the design and performance of the application, in accordance with the feedback received.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mitigating Both Covariate and Conditional Shift for Domain Generalization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08253">arxiv:2209.08253</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jianxin Lin, Yongqiang Tang, Junping Wang, Wensheng Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Domain generalization (DG) aims to learn a model on several source domains, hoping that the model can generalize well to unseen target domains. The distribution shift between domains contains the covariate shift and conditional shift, both of which the model must be able to handle for better generalizability. In this paper, a novel DG method is proposed to deal with the distribution shift via Visual Alignment and Uncertainty-guided belief Ensemble (VAUE). Specifically, for the covariate shift, a visual alignment module is designed to align the distribution of image style to a common empirical Gaussian distribution so that the covariate shift can be eliminated in the visual space. For the conditional shift, we adopt an uncertainty-guided belief ensemble strategy based on the subjective logic and Dempster-Shafer theory. The conditional distribution given a test sample is estimated by the dynamic combination of that of source domains. Comprehensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method on four widely used datasets, i.e., Office-Home, VLCS, TerraIncognita, and PACS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>StereoVoxelNet: Real-Time Obstacle Detection Based on Occupancy Voxels from a Stereo Camera Using Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08459">arxiv:2209.08459</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hongyu Li, Zhengang Li, Neset Unver Akmandor, Huaizu Jiang, Yanzhi Wang, Taskin Padir</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Obstacle detection is a safety-critical problem in robot navigation, where stereo matching is a popular vision-based approach. While deep neural networks have shown impressive results in computer vision, most of the previous obstacle detection works only leverage traditional stereo matching techniques to meet the computational constraints for real-time feedback. This paper proposes a computationally efficient method that leverages a deep neural network to detect occupancy from stereo images directly. Instead of learning the point cloud correspondence from the stereo data, our approach extracts the compact obstacle distribution based on volumetric representations. In addition, we prune the computation of safety irrelevant spaces in a coarse-to-fine manner based on octrees generated by the decoder. As a result, we achieve real-time performance on the onboard computer (NVIDIA Jetson TX2). Our approach detects obstacles accurately in the range of 32 meters and achieves better IoU (Intersection over Union) and CD (Chamfer Distance) scores with only 2% of the computation cost of the state-of-the-art stereo model. Furthermore, we validate our method's robustness and real-world feasibility through autonomous navigation experiments with a real robot. Hence, our work contributes toward closing the gap between the stereo-based system in robot perception and state-of-the-art stereo models in computer vision. To counter the scarcity of high-quality real-world indoor stereo datasets, we collect a 1.36 hours stereo dataset with a Jackal robot which is used to fine-tune our model. The dataset, the code, and more visualizations are available at https://lhy.xyz/stereovoxelnet/

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HAPI: A Large-scale Longitudinal Dataset of Commercial ML API Predictions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08443">arxiv:2209.08443</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lingjiao Chen, Zhihua Jin, Sabri Eyuboglu, Christopher Ré, Matei Zaharia, James Zou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Commercial ML APIs offered by providers such as Google, Amazon and Microsoft have dramatically simplified ML adoption in many applications. Numerous companies and academics pay to use ML APIs for tasks such as object detection, OCR and sentiment analysis. Different ML APIs tackling the same task can have very heterogeneous performance. Moreover, the ML models underlying the APIs also evolve over time. As ML APIs rapidly become a valuable marketplace and a widespread way to consume machine learning, it is critical to systematically study and compare different APIs with each other and to characterize how APIs change over time. However, this topic is currently underexplored due to the lack of data. In this paper, we present HAPI (History of APIs), a longitudinal dataset of 1,761,417 instances of commercial ML API applications (involving APIs from Amazon, Google, IBM, Microsoft and other providers) across diverse tasks including image tagging, speech recognition and text mining from 2020 to 2022. Each instance consists of a query input for an API (e.g., an image or text) along with the API's output prediction/annotation and confidence scores. HAPI is the first large-scale dataset of ML API usages and is a unique resource for studying ML-as-a-service (MLaaS). As examples of the types of analyses that HAPI enables, we show that ML APIs' performance change substantially over time--several APIs' accuracies dropped on specific benchmark datasets. Even when the API's aggregate performance stays steady, its error modes can shift across different subtypes of data between 2020 and 2022. Such changes can substantially impact the entire analytics pipelines that use some ML API as a component. We further use HAPI to study commercial APIs' performance disparities across demographic subgroups over time. HAPI can stimulate more research in the growing field of MLaaS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automated Segmentation and Recurrence Risk Prediction of Surgically Resected Lung Tumors with Adaptive Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08423">arxiv:2209.08423</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Marguerite B. Basta, Sarfaraz Hussein, Hsiang Hsu, Flavio P. Calmon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer related mortality by a significant margin. While new technologies, such as image segmentation, have been paramount to improved detection and earlier diagnoses, there are still significant challenges in treating the disease. In particular, despite an increased number of curative resections, many postoperative patients still develop recurrent lesions. Consequently, there is a significant need for prognostic tools that can more accurately predict a patient's risk for recurrence.
  In this paper, we explore the use of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for the segmentation and recurrence risk prediction of lung tumors that are present in preoperative computed tomography (CT) images. First, expanding upon recent progress in medical image segmentation, a residual U-Net is used to localize and characterize each nodule. Then, the identified tumors are passed to a second CNN for recurrence risk prediction. The system's final results are produced with a random forest classifier that synthesizes the predictions of the second network with clinical attributes. The segmentation stage uses the LIDC-IDRI dataset and achieves a dice score of 70.3%. The recurrence risk stage uses the NLST dataset from the National Cancer institute and achieves an AUC of 73.0%. Our proposed framework demonstrates that first, automated nodule segmentation methods can generalize to enable pipelines for a wide range of multitask systems and second, that deep learning and image processing have the potential to improve current prognostic tools. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first fully automated segmentation and recurrence risk prediction system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spatial-Temporal Deep Embedding for Vehicle Trajectory Reconstruction from High-Angle Video</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08417">arxiv:2209.08417</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tianya T. Zhang Ph. D., Peter J. Jin Ph. D., Han Zhou, Benedetto Piccoli, Ph. D</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spatial-temporal Map (STMap)-based methods have shown great potential to process high-angle videos for vehicle trajectory reconstruction, which can meet the needs of various data-driven modeling and imitation learning applications. In this paper, we developed Spatial-Temporal Deep Embedding (STDE) model that imposes parity constraints at both pixel and instance levels to generate instance-aware embeddings for vehicle stripe segmentation on STMap. At pixel level, each pixel was encoded with its 8-neighbor pixels at different ranges, and this encoding is subsequently used to guide a neural network to learn the embedding mechanism. At the instance level, a discriminative loss function is designed to pull pixels belonging to the same instance closer and separate the mean value of different instances far apart in the embedding space. The output of the spatial-temporal affinity is then optimized by the mutex-watershed algorithm to obtain final clustering results. Based on segmentation metrics, our model outperformed five other baselines that have been used for STMap processing and shows robustness under the influence of shadows, static noises, and overlapping. The designed model is applied to process all public NGSIM US-101 videos to generate complete vehicle trajectories, indicating a good scalability and adaptability. Last but not least, the strengths of the scanline method with STDE and future directions were discussed. Code, STMap dataset and video trajectory are made publicly available in the online repository. GitHub Link: shorturl.at/jklT0.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DynaConF: Dynamic Forecasting of Non-Stationary Time-Series</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08411">arxiv:2209.08411</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Siqi Liu, Andreas Lehrmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning models have shown impressive results in a variety of time series forecasting tasks, where modeling the conditional distribution of the future given the past is the essence. However, when this conditional distribution is non-stationary, it poses challenges for these models to learn consistently and to predict accurately. In this work, we propose a new method to model non-stationary conditional distributions over time by clearly decoupling stationary conditional distribution modeling from non-stationary dynamics modeling. Our method is based on a Bayesian dynamic model that can adapt to conditional distribution changes and a deep conditional distribution model that can handle large multivariate time series using a factorized output space. Our experimental results on synthetic and popular public datasets show that our model can adapt to non-stationary time series better than state-of-the-art deep learning solutions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Approximation results for Gradient Descent trained Shallow Neural Networks in $1d$</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08399">arxiv:2209.08399</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>R. Gentile, G. Welper</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Two aspects of neural networks that have been extensively studied in the recent literature are their function approximation properties and their training by gradient descent methods. The approximation problem seeks accurate approximations with a minimal number of weights. In most of the current literature these weights are fully or partially hand-crafted, showing the capabilities of neural networks but not necessarily their practical performance. In contrast, optimization theory for neural networks heavily relies on an abundance of weights in over-parametrized regimes.
  This paper balances these two demands and provides an approximation result for shallow networks in $1d$ with non-convex weight optimization by gradient descent. We consider finite width networks and infinite sample limits, which is the typical setup in approximation theory. Technically, this problem is not over-parametrized, however, some form of redundancy reappears as a loss in approximation rate compared to best possible rates.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Interrelation of equivariant Gaussian processes and convolutional neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08371">arxiv:2209.08371</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Andrey Demichev, Alexander Kryukov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Currently there exists rather promising new trend in machine leaning (ML) based on the relationship between neural networks (NN) and Gaussian processes (GP), including many related subtopics, e.g., signal propagation in NNs, theoretical derivation of learning curve for NNs, QFT methods in ML, etc. An important feature of convolutional neural networks (CNN) is their equivariance (consistency) with respect to the symmetry transformations of the input data. In this work we establish a relationship between the many-channel limit for CNNs equivariant with respect to two-dimensional Euclidean group with vector-valued neuron activations and the corresponding independently introduced equivariant Gaussian processes (GP).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Human Pose Driven Object Effects Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08353">arxiv:2209.08353</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhaoxin Fan, Fengxin Li, Hongyan Liu, Jun He, Xiaoyong Du</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we research the new topic of object effects recommendation in micro-video platforms, which is a challenging but important task for many practical applications such as advertisement insertion. To avoid the problem of introducing background bias caused by directly learning video content from image frames, we propose to utilize the meaningful body language hidden in 3D human pose for recommendation. To this end, in this work, a novel human pose driven object effects recommendation network termed PoseRec is introduced. PoseRec leverages the advantages of 3D human pose detection and learns information from multi-frame 3D human pose for video-item registration, resulting in high quality object effects recommendation performance. Moreover, to solve the inherent ambiguity and sparsity issues that exist in object effects recommendation, we further propose a novel item-aware implicit prototype learning module and a novel pose-aware transductive hard-negative mining module to better learn pose-item relationships. What's more, to benchmark methods for the new research topic, we build a new dataset for object effects recommendation named Pose-OBE. Extensive experiments on Pose-OBE demonstrate that our method can achieve superior performance than strong baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>De Bruijn goes Neural: Causality-Aware Graph Neural Networks for Time Series Data on Dynamic Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08311">arxiv:2209.08311</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lisi Qarkaxhija, Vincenzo Perri, Ingo Scholtes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce De Bruijn Graph Neural Networks (DBGNNs), a novel time-aware graph neural network architecture for time-resolved data on dynamic graphs. Our approach accounts for temporal-topological patterns that unfold in the causal topology of dynamic graphs, which is determined by causal walks, i.e. temporally ordered sequences of links by which nodes can influence each other over time. Our architecture builds on multiple layers of higher-order De Bruijn graphs, an iterative line graph construction where nodes in a De Bruijn graph of order k represent walks of length k-1, while edges represent walks of length k. We develop a graph neural network architecture that utilizes De Bruijn graphs to implement a message passing scheme that follows a non-Markovian dynamics, which enables us to learn patterns in the causal topology of a dynamic graph. Addressing the issue that De Bruijn graphs with different orders k can be used to model the same data set, we further apply statistical model selection to determine the optimal graph topology to be used for message passing. An evaluation in synthetic and empirical data sets suggests that DBGNNs can leverage temporal patterns in dynamic graphs, which substantially improves the performance in a supervised node classification task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AdaCC: Cumulative Cost-Sensitive Boosting for Imbalanced Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08309">arxiv:2209.08309</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Vasileios Iosifidis, Symeon Papadopoulos, Bodo Rosenhahn, Eirini Ntoutsi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Class imbalance poses a major challenge for machine learning as most supervised learning models might exhibit bias towards the majority class and under-perform in the minority class. Cost-sensitive learning tackles this problem by treating the classes differently, formulated typically via a user-defined fixed misclassification cost matrix provided as input to the learner. Such parameter tuning is a challenging task that requires domain knowledge and moreover, wrong adjustments might lead to overall predictive performance deterioration. In this work, we propose a novel cost-sensitive boosting approach for imbalanced data that dynamically adjusts the misclassification costs over the boosting rounds in response to model's performance instead of using a fixed misclassification cost matrix. Our method, called AdaCC, is parameter-free as it relies on the cumulative behavior of the boosting model in order to adjust the misclassification costs for the next boosting round and comes with theoretical guarantees regarding the training error. Experiments on 27 real-world datasets from different domains with high class imbalance demonstrate the superiority of our method over 12 state-of-the-art cost-sensitive boosting approaches exhibiting consistent improvements in different measures, for instance, in the range of [0.3%-28.56%] for AUC, [3.4%-21.4%] for balanced accuracy, [4.8%-45%] for gmean and [7.4%-85.5%] for recall.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A review of probabilistic forecasting and prediction with machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08307">arxiv:2209.08307</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hristos Tyralis, Georgia Papacharalampous</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Predictions and forecasts of machine learning models should take the form of probability distributions, aiming to increase the quantity of information communicated to end users. Although applications of probabilistic prediction and forecasting with machine learning models in academia and industry are becoming more frequent, related concepts and methods have not been formalized and structured under a holistic view of the entire field. Here, we review the topic of predictive uncertainty estimation with machine learning algorithms, as well as the related metrics (consistent scoring functions and proper scoring rules) for assessing probabilistic predictions. The review covers a time period spanning from the introduction of early statistical (linear regression and time series models, based on Bayesian statistics or quantile regression) to recent machine learning algorithms (including generalized additive models for location, scale and shape, random forests, boosting and deep learning algorithms) that are more flexible by nature. The review of the progress in the field, expedites our understanding on how to develop new algorithms tailored to users' needs, since the latest advancements are based on some fundamental concepts applied to more complex algorithms. We conclude by classifying the material and discussing challenges that are becoming a hot topic of research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GedankenNet: Self-supervised learning of hologram reconstruction using physics consistency</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08288">arxiv:2209.08288</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Luzhe Huang, Hanlong Chen, Tairan Liu, Aydogan Ozcan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The past decade has witnessed transformative applications of deep learning in various computational imaging, sensing and microscopy tasks. Due to the supervised learning schemes employed, most of these methods depend on large-scale, diverse, and labeled training data. The acquisition and preparation of such training image datasets are often laborious and costly, also leading to biased estimation and limited generalization to new types of samples. Here, we report a self-supervised learning model, termed GedankenNet, that eliminates the need for labeled or experimental training data, and demonstrate its effectiveness and superior generalization on hologram reconstruction tasks. Without prior knowledge about the sample types to be imaged, the self-supervised learning model was trained using a physics-consistency loss and artificial random images that are synthetically generated without any experiments or resemblance to real-world samples. After its self-supervised training, GedankenNet successfully generalized to experimental holograms of various unseen biological samples, reconstructing the phase and amplitude images of different types of objects using experimentally acquired test holograms. Without access to experimental data or the knowledge of real samples of interest or their spatial features, GedankenNet's self-supervised learning achieved complex-valued image reconstructions that are consistent with the Maxwell's equations, meaning that its output inference and object solutions accurately represent the wave propagation in free-space. This self-supervised learning of image reconstruction tasks opens up new opportunities for various inverse problems in holography, microscopy and computational imaging fields.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Make Heterophily Graphs Better Fit GNN: A Graph Rewiring Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08264">arxiv:2209.08264</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wendong Bi, Lun Du, Qiang Fu, Yanlin Wang, Shi Han, Dongmei Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are popular machine learning methods for modeling graph data. A lot of GNNs perform well on homophily graphs while having unsatisfactory performance on heterophily graphs. Recently, some researchers turn their attention to designing GNNs for heterophily graphs by adjusting the message passing mechanism or enlarging the receptive field of the message passing. Different from existing works that mitigate the issues of heterophily from model design perspective, we propose to study heterophily graphs from an orthogonal perspective by rewiring the graph structure to reduce heterophily and making the traditional GNNs perform better. Through comprehensive empirical studies and analysis, we verify the potential of the rewiring methods. To fully exploit its potential, we propose a method named Deep Heterophily Graph Rewiring (DHGR) to rewire graphs by adding homophilic edges and pruning heterophilic edges. The detailed way of rewiring is determined by comparing the similarity of label/feature-distribution of node neighbors. Besides, we design a scalable implementation for DHGR to guarantee high efficiency. DHRG can be easily used as a plug-in module, i.e., a graph pre-processing step, for any GNNs, including both GNN for homophily and heterophily, to boost their performance on the node classification task. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first work studying graph rewiring for heterophily graphs. Extensive experiments on 11 public graph datasets demonstrate the superiority of our proposed methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A study on the deviations in performance of FNNs and CNNs in the realm of grayscale adversarial images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08262">arxiv:2209.08262</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Durga Shree Nagabushanam, Steve Mathew, Chiranji Lal Chowdhary</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural Networks are prone to having lesser accuracy in the classification of images with noise perturbation. Convolutional Neural Networks, CNNs are known for their unparalleled accuracy in the classification of benign images. But our study shows that they are extremely vulnerable to noise addition while Feed-forward Neural Networks, FNNs show very less correspondence with noise perturbation, maintaining their accuracy almost undisturbed. FNNs are observed to be better at classifying noise-intensive, single-channeled images that are just sheer noise to human vision. In our study, we have used the hand-written digits dataset, MNIST with the following architectures: FNNs with 1 and 2 hidden layers and CNNs with 3, 4, 6 and 8 convolutions and analyzed their accuracies. FNNs stand out to show that irrespective of the intensity of noise, they have a classification accuracy of more than 85%. In our analysis of CNNs with this data, the deceleration of classification accuracy of CNN with 8 convolutions was half of that of the rest of the CNNs. Correlation analysis and mathematical modelling of the accuracy trends act as roadmaps to these conclusions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A real-time dynamic obstacle tracking and mapping system for UAV navigation and collision avoidance with an RGB-D camera</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08258">arxiv:2209.08258</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhefan Xu, Xiaoyang Zhan, Baihan Chen, Yumeng Xiu, Chenhao Yang, Kenji Shimada</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The real-time dynamic environment perception has become vital for autonomous robots in crowded spaces. Although the popular voxel-based mapping methods can efficiently represent 3D obstacles with arbitrarily complex shapes, they can hardly distinguish between static and dynamic obstacles, leading to the limited performance of obstacle avoidance. While plenty of sophisticated learning-based dynamic obstacle detection algorithms exist in autonomous driving, the quadcopter's limited computation resources cannot achieve real-time performance using those approaches. To address these issues, we propose a real-time dynamic obstacle tracking and mapping system for quadcopter obstacle avoidance using an RGB-D camera. The proposed system first utilizes a depth image with an occupancy voxel map to generate potential dynamic obstacle regions as proposals. With the obstacle region proposals, the Kalman filter and our continuity filter are applied to track each dynamic obstacle. Finally, the environment-aware trajectory prediction method is proposed based on the Markov chain using the states of tracked dynamic obstacles. We implemented the proposed system with our custom quadcopter and navigation planner. The simulation and physical experiments show that our methods can successfully track and represent obstacles in dynamic environments in real-time and safely avoid obstacles.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Human Performance Modeling and Rendering via Neural Animated Mesh</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08468">arxiv:2209.08468</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Fuqiang Zhao, Yuheng Jiang, Kaixin Yao, Jiakai Zhang, Liao Wang, Haizhao Dai, Yuhui Zhong, Yingliang Zhang, Minye Wu, Lan Xu, Jingyi Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We have recently seen tremendous progress in the neural advances for photo-real human modeling and rendering. However, it's still challenging to integrate them into an existing mesh-based pipeline for downstream applications. In this paper, we present a comprehensive neural approach for high-quality reconstruction, compression, and rendering of human performances from dense multi-view videos. Our core intuition is to bridge the traditional animated mesh workflow with a new class of highly efficient neural techniques. We first introduce a neural surface reconstructor for high-quality surface generation in minutes. It marries the implicit volumetric rendering of the truncated signed distance field (TSDF) with multi-resolution hash encoding. We further propose a hybrid neural tracker to generate animated meshes, which combines explicit non-rigid tracking with implicit dynamic deformation in a self-supervised framework. The former provides the coarse warping back into the canonical space, while the latter implicit one further predicts the displacements using the 4D hash encoding as in our reconstructor. Then, we discuss the rendering schemes using the obtained animated meshes, ranging from dynamic texturing to lumigraph rendering under various bandwidth settings. To strike an intricate balance between quality and bandwidth, we propose a hierarchical solution by first rendering 6 virtual views covering the performer and then conducting occlusion-aware neural texture blending. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approach in a variety of mesh-based applications and photo-realistic free-view experiences on various platforms, i.e., inserting virtual human performances into real environments through mobile AR or immersively watching talent shows with VR headsets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface-assisted Classification of Modulations using Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08388">arxiv:2209.08388</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mir Lodro, Hamidreza Taghvaee, Jean Baptiste Gros, Steve Greedy, Geofrroy Lerosey, Gabriele Gradoni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The fifth generating (5G) of wireless networks will be more adaptive and heterogeneous. Reconfigurable intelligent surface technology enables the 5G to work on multistrand waveforms. However, in such a dynamic network, the identification of specific modulation types is of paramount importance. We present a RIS-assisted digital classification method based on artificial intelligence. We train a convolutional neural network to classify digital modulations. The proposed method operates and learns features directly on the received signal without feature extraction. The features learned by the convolutional neural network are presented and analyzed. Furthermore, the robust features of the received signals at a specific SNR range are studied. The accuracy of the proposed classification method is found to be remarkable, particularly for low levels of SNR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhanced Fairness Testing via Generating Effective Initial Individual Discriminatory Instances</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.08321">arxiv:2209.08321</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Minghua Ma, Zhao Tian, Max Hort, Federica Sarro, Hongyu Zhang, Qingwei Lin, Dongmei Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fairness testing aims at mitigating unintended discrimination in the decision-making process of data-driven AI systems. Individual discrimination may occur when an AI model makes different decisions for two distinct individuals who are distinguishable solely according to protected attributes, such as age and race. Such instances reveal biased AI behaviour, and are called Individual Discriminatory Instances (IDIs).
  In this paper, we propose an approach for the selection of the initial seeds to generate IDIs for fairness testing. Previous studies mainly used random initial seeds to this end. However this phase is crucial, as these seeds are the basis of the follow-up IDIs generation. We dubbed our proposed seed selection approach I&D. It generates a large number of initial IDIs exhibiting a great diversity, aiming at improving the overall performance of fairness testing.
  Our empirical study reveal that I&D is able to produce a larger number of IDIs with respect to four state-of-the-art seed generation approaches, generating 1.68X more IDIs on average. Moreover, we compare the use of I&D to train machine learning models and find that using I&D reduces the number of remaining IDIs by 29% when compared to the state-of-the-art, thus indicating that I&D is effective for improving model fairness

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.09.16]({{ '/2022/09/16/2022.09.16.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.09.18]({{ '/2022/09/18/2022.09.18.html' | relative_url }})