Prev: [2022.05.08]({{ '/2022/05/08/2022.05.08.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.05.10]({{ '/2022/05/10/2022.05.10.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-05-09, created on 2022-05-13


<details><summary><b>NaturalSpeech: End-to-End Text to Speech Synthesis with Human-Level Quality</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04421">arxiv:2205.04421</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5440 <br>
<p>Xu Tan, Jiawei Chen, Haohe Liu, Jian Cong, Chen Zhang, Yanqing Liu, Xi Wang, Yichong Leng, Yuanhao Yi, Lei He, Frank Soong, Tao Qin, Sheng Zhao, Tie-Yan Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Text to speech (TTS) has made rapid progress in both academia and industry in recent years. Some questions naturally arise that whether a TTS system can achieve human-level quality, how to define/judge that quality and how to achieve it. In this paper, we answer these questions by first defining the human-level quality based on the statistical significance of subjective measure and introducing appropriate guidelines to judge it, and then developing a TTS system called NaturalSpeech that achieves human-level quality on a benchmark dataset. Specifically, we leverage a variational autoencoder (VAE) for end-to-end text to waveform generation, with several key modules to enhance the capacity of the prior from text and reduce the complexity of the posterior from speech, including phoneme pre-training, differentiable duration modeling, bidirectional prior/posterior modeling, and a memory mechanism in VAE. Experiment evaluations on popular LJSpeech dataset show that our proposed NaturalSpeech achieves -0.01 CMOS (comparative mean opinion score) to human recordings at the sentence level, with Wilcoxon signed rank test at p-level p >> 0.05, which demonstrates no statistically significant difference from human recordings for the first time on this dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NeuralHDHair: Automatic High-fidelity Hair Modeling from a Single Image Using Implicit Neural Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04175">arxiv:2205.04175</a>
&#x1F4C8; 28 <br>
<p>Keyu Wu, Yifan Ye, Lingchen Yang, Hongbo Fu, Kun Zhou, Youyi Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Undoubtedly, high-fidelity 3D hair plays an indispensable role in digital humans. However, existing monocular hair modeling methods are either tricky to deploy in digital systems (e.g., due to their dependence on complex user interactions or large databases) or can produce only a coarse geometry. In this paper, we introduce NeuralHDHair, a flexible, fully automatic system for modeling high-fidelity hair from a single image. The key enablers of our system are two carefully designed neural networks: an IRHairNet (Implicit representation for hair using neural network) for inferring high-fidelity 3D hair geometric features (3D orientation field and 3D occupancy field) hierarchically and a GrowingNet(Growing hair strands using neural network) to efficiently generate 3D hair strands in parallel. Specifically, we perform a coarse-to-fine manner and propose a novel voxel-aligned implicit function (VIFu) to represent the global hair feature, which is further enhanced by the local details extracted from a hair luminance map. To improve the efficiency of a traditional hair growth algorithm, we adopt a local neural implicit function to grow strands based on the estimated 3D hair geometric features. Extensive experiments show that our method is capable of constructing a high-fidelity 3D hair model from a single image, both efficiently and effectively, and achieves the-state-of-the-art performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>KEMP: Keyframe-Based Hierarchical End-to-End Deep Model for Long-Term Trajectory Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04624">arxiv:2205.04624</a>
&#x1F4C8; 24 <br>
<p>Qiujing Lu, Weiqiao Han, Jeffrey Ling, Minfa Wang, Haoyu Chen, Balakrishnan Varadarajan, Paul Covington</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Predicting future trajectories of road agents is a critical task for autonomous driving. Recent goal-based trajectory prediction methods, such as DenseTNT and PECNet, have shown good performance on prediction tasks on public datasets. However, they usually require complicated goal-selection algorithms and optimization. In this work, we propose KEMP, a hierarchical end-to-end deep learning framework for trajectory prediction. At the core of our framework is keyframe-based trajectory prediction, where keyframes are representative states that trace out the general direction of the trajectory. KEMP first predicts keyframes conditioned on the road context, and then fills in intermediate states conditioned on the keyframes and the road context. Under our general framework, goal-conditioned methods are special cases in which the number of keyframes equal to one. Unlike goal-conditioned methods, our keyframe predictor is learned automatically and does not require hand-crafted goal-selection algorithms. We evaluate our model on public benchmarks and our model ranked 1st on Waymo Open Motion Dataset Leaderboard (as of September 1, 2021).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TGANet: Text-guided attention for improved polyp segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04280">arxiv:2205.04280</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Nikhil Kumar Tomar, Debesh Jha, Ulas Bagci, Sharib Ali</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Colonoscopy is a gold standard procedure but is highly operator-dependent. Automated polyp segmentation, a precancerous precursor, can minimize missed rates and timely treatment of colon cancer at an early stage. Even though there are deep learning methods developed for this task, variability in polyp size can impact model training, thereby limiting it to the size attribute of the majority of samples in the training dataset that may provide sub-optimal results to differently sized polyps. In this work, we exploit size-related and polyp number-related features in the form of text attention during training. We introduce an auxiliary classification task to weight the text-based embedding that allows network to learn additional feature representations that can distinctly adapt to differently sized polyps and can adapt to cases with multiple polyps. Our experimental results demonstrate that these added text embeddings improve the overall performance of the model compared to state-of-the-art segmentation methods. We explore four different datasets and provide insights for size-specific improvements. Our proposed text-guided attention network (TGANet) can generalize well to variable-sized polyps in different datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Introspective Deep Metric Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04449">arxiv:2205.04449</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Chengkun Wang, Wenzhao Zheng, Zheng Zhu, Jie Zhou, Jiwen Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes an introspective deep metric learning (IDML) framework for uncertainty-aware comparisons of images. Conventional deep metric learning methods produce confident semantic distances between images regardless of the uncertainty level. However, we argue that a good similarity model should consider the semantic discrepancies with caution to better deal with ambiguous images for more robust training. To achieve this, we propose to represent an image using not only a semantic embedding but also an accompanying uncertainty embedding, which describes the semantic characteristics and ambiguity of an image, respectively. We further propose an introspective similarity metric to make similarity judgments between images considering both their semantic differences and ambiguities. Our framework attains state-of-the-art performance on the widely used CUB-200-2011, Cars196, and Stanford Online Products datasets for image retrieval. We further evaluate our framework for image classification on the ImageNet-1K, CIFAR-10, and CIFAR-100 datasets, which shows that equipping existing data mixing methods with the proposed introspective metric consistently achieves better results (e.g., +0.44 for CutMix on ImageNet-1K). Code is available at: https://github.com/wangck20/IDML.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detecting and Understanding Harmful Memes: A Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04274">arxiv:2205.04274</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Shivam Sharma, Firoj Alam, Md. Shad Akhtar, Dimitar Dimitrov, Giovanni Da San Martino, Hamed Firooz, Alon Halevy, Fabrizio Silvestri, Preslav Nakov, Tanmoy Chakraborty</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The automatic identification of harmful content online is of major concern for social media platforms, policymakers, and society. Researchers have studied textual, visual, and audio content, but typically in isolation. Yet, harmful content often combines multiple modalities, as in the case of memes, which are of particular interest due to their viral nature. With this in mind, here we offer a comprehensive survey with a focus on harmful memes. Based on a systematic analysis of recent literature, we first propose a new typology of harmful memes, and then we highlight and summarize the relevant state of the art. One interesting finding is that many types of harmful memes are not really studied, e.g., such featuring self-harm and extremism, partly due to the lack of suitable datasets. We further find that existing datasets mostly capture multi-class scenarios, which are not inclusive of the affective spectrum that memes can represent. Another observation is that memes can propagate globally through repackaging in different languages and that they can also be multilingual, blending different cultures. We conclude by highlighting several challenges related to multimodal semiotics, technological constraints and non-trivial social engagement, and we present several open-ended aspects such as delineating online harm and empirically examining related frameworks and assistive interventions, which we believe will motivate and drive future research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Auto-SDE: Learning effective reduced dynamics from data-driven stochastic dynamical systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04151">arxiv:2205.04151</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Lingyu Feng, Ting Gao, Min Dai, Jinqiao Duan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multiscale stochastic dynamical systems have been widely adopted to scientific and engineering problems due to their capability of depicting complex phenomena in many real world applications. This work is devoted to investigating the effective reduced dynamics for a slow-fast stochastic dynamical system. Given observation data on a short-term period satisfying some unknown slow-fast stochastic system, we propose a novel algorithm including a neural network called Auto-SDE to learn invariant slow manifold. Our approach captures the evolutionary nature of a series of time-dependent autoencoder neural networks with the loss constructed from a discretized stochastic differential equation. Our algorithm is also proved to be accurate, stable and effective through numerical experiments under various evaluation metrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>OpenPodcar: an Open Source Vehicle for Self-Driving Car Research</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04454">arxiv:2205.04454</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Fanta Camara, Chris Waltham, Grey Churchill, Charles Fox</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** OpenPodcar is a low-cost, open source hardware and software, autonomous vehicle research platform based on an off-the-shelf, hard-canopy, mobility scooter donor vehicle. Hardware and software build instructions are provided to convert the donor vehicle into a low-cost and fully autonomous platform. The open platform consists of (a) hardware components: CAD designs, bill of materials, and build instructions; (b) Arduino, ROS and Gazebo control and simulation software files which provide standard ROS interfaces and simulation of the vehicle; and (c) higher-level ROS software implementations and configurations of standard robot autonomous planning and control, including the move_base interface with Timed-Elastic-Band planner which enacts commands to drive the vehicle from a current to a desired pose around obstacles. The vehicle is large enough to transport a human passenger or similar load at speeds up to 15km/h, for example for use as a last-mile autonomous taxi service or to transport delivery containers similarly around a city center. It is small and safe enough to be parked in a standard research lab and be used for realistic human-vehicle interaction studies. System build cost from new components is around USD7,000 in total in 2022. OpenPodcar thus provides a good balance between real world utility, safety, cost and research convenience.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Feature Selection for Ranking and Classification Exploiting Quantum Annealers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04346">arxiv:2205.04346</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Maurizio Ferrari Dacrema, Fabio Moroni, Riccardo Nembrini, Nicola Ferro, Guglielmo Faggioli, Paolo Cremonesi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Feature selection is a common step in many ranking, classification, or prediction tasks and serves many purposes. By removing redundant or noisy features, the accuracy of ranking or classification can be improved and the computational cost of the subsequent learning steps can be reduced. However, feature selection can be itself a computationally expensive process. While for decades confined to theoretical algorithmic papers, quantum computing is now becoming a viable tool to tackle realistic problems, in particular special-purpose solvers based on the Quantum Annealing paradigm. This paper aims to explore the feasibility of using currently available quantum computing architectures to solve some quadratic feature selection algorithms for both ranking and classification. The experimental analysis includes 15 state-of-the-art datasets. The effectiveness obtained with quantum computing hardware is comparable to that of classical solvers, indicating that quantum computers are now reliable enough to tackle interesting problems. In terms of scalability, current generation quantum computers are able to provide a limited speedup over certain classical algorithms and hybrid quantum-classical strategies show lower computational cost for problems of more than a thousand features.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SuMe: A Dataset Towards Summarizing Biomedical Mechanisms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04652">arxiv:2205.04652</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Mohaddeseh Bastan, Nishant Shankar, Mihai Surdeanu, Niranjan Balasubramanian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Can language models read biomedical texts and explain the biomedical mechanisms discussed? In this work we introduce a biomedical mechanism summarization task. Biomedical studies often investigate the mechanisms behind how one entity (e.g., a protein or a chemical) affects another in a biological context. The abstracts of these publications often include a focused set of sentences that present relevant supporting statements regarding such relationships, associated experimental evidence, and a concluding sentence that summarizes the mechanism underlying the relationship. We leverage this structure and create a summarization task, where the input is a collection of sentences and the main entities in an abstract, and the output includes the relationship and a sentence that summarizes the mechanism. Using a small amount of manually labeled mechanism sentences, we train a mechanism sentence classifier to filter a large biomedical abstract collection and create a summarization dataset with 22k instances. We also introduce conclusion sentence generation as a pretraining task with 611k instances. We benchmark the performance of large bio-domain language models. We find that while the pretraining task help improves performance, the best model produces acceptable mechanism outputs in only 32% of the instances, which shows the task presents significant challenges in biomedical language understanding and summarization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EigenNoise: A Contrastive Prior to Warm-Start Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04376">arxiv:2205.04376</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Hunter Scott Heidenreich, Jake Ryland Williams</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we present a naive initialization scheme for word vectors based on a dense, independent co-occurrence model and provide preliminary results that suggest it is competitive and warrants further investigation. Specifically, we demonstrate through information-theoretic minimum description length (MDL) probing that our model, EigenNoise, can approach the performance of empirically trained GloVe despite the lack of any pre-training data (in the case of EigenNoise). We present these preliminary results with interest to set the stage for further investigations into how this competitive initialization works without pre-training data, as well as to invite the exploration of more intelligent initialization schemes informed by the theory of harmonic linguistic structure. Our application of this theory likewise contributes a novel (and effective) interpretation of recent discoveries which have elucidated the underlying distributional information that linguistic representations capture from data and contrast distributions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Surreal-GAN:Semi-Supervised Representation Learning via GAN for uncovering heterogeneous disease-related imaging patterns</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04523">arxiv:2205.04523</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Zhijian Yang, Junhao Wen, Christos Davatzikos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A plethora of machine learning methods have been applied to imaging data, enabling the construction of clinically relevant imaging signatures of neurological and neuropsychiatric diseases. Oftentimes, such methods don't explicitly model the heterogeneity of disease effects, or approach it via nonlinear models that are not interpretable. Moreover, unsupervised methods may parse heterogeneity that is driven by nuisance confounding factors that affect brain structure or function, rather than heterogeneity relevant to a pathology of interest. On the other hand, semi-supervised clustering methods seek to derive a dichotomous subtype membership, ignoring the truth that disease heterogeneity spatially and temporally extends along a continuum. To address the aforementioned limitations, herein, we propose a novel method, termed Surreal-GAN (Semi-SUpeRvised ReprEsentAtion Learning via GAN). Using cross-sectional imaging data, Surreal-GAN dissects underlying disease-related heterogeneity under the principle of semi-supervised clustering (cluster mappings from normal control to patient), proposes a continuously dimensional representation, and infers the disease severity of patients at individual level along each dimension. The model first learns a transformation function from normal control (CN) domain to the patient (PT) domain with latent variables controlling transformation directions. An inverse mapping function together with regularization on function continuity, pattern orthogonality and monotonicity was also imposed to make sure that the transformation function captures necessarily meaningful imaging patterns with clinical significance. We first validated the model through extensive semi-synthetic experiments, and then demonstrate its potential in capturing biologically plausible imaging patterns in Alzheimer's disease (AD).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Beyond a Pre-Trained Object Detector: Cross-Modal Textual and Visual Context for Image Captioning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04363">arxiv:2205.04363</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Chia-Wen Kuo, Zsolt Kira</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Significant progress has been made on visual captioning, largely relying on pre-trained features and later fixed object detectors that serve as rich inputs to auto-regressive models. A key limitation of such methods, however, is that the output of the model is conditioned only on the object detector's outputs. The assumption that such outputs can represent all necessary information is unrealistic, especially when the detector is transferred across datasets. In this work, we reason about the graphical model induced by this assumption, and propose to add an auxiliary input to represent missing information such as object relationships. We specifically propose to mine attributes and relationships from the Visual Genome dataset and condition the captioning model on them. Crucially, we propose (and show to be important) the use of a multi-modal pre-trained model (CLIP) to retrieve such contextual descriptions. Further, object detector models are frozen and do not have sufficient richness to allow the captioning model to properly ground them. As a result, we propose to condition both the detector and description outputs on the image, and show qualitatively and quantitatively that this can improve grounding. We validate our method on image captioning, perform thorough analyses of each component and importance of the pre-trained multi-modal model, and demonstrate significant improvements over the current state of the art, specifically +7.5% in CIDEr and +1.3% in BLEU-4 metrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Aligned with Whom? Direct and social goals for AI systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04279">arxiv:2205.04279</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Anton Korinek, Avital Balwit</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As artificial intelligence (AI) becomes more powerful and widespread, the AI alignment problem - how to ensure that AI systems pursue the goals that we want them to pursue - has garnered growing attention. This article distinguishes two types of alignment problems depending on whose goals we consider, and analyzes the different solutions necessitated by each. The direct alignment problem considers whether an AI system accomplishes the goals of the entity operating it. In contrast, the social alignment problem considers the effects of an AI system on larger groups or on society more broadly. In particular, it also considers whether the system imposes externalities on others. Whereas solutions to the direct alignment problem center around more robust implementation, social alignment problems typically arise because of conflicts between individual and group-level goals, elevating the importance of AI governance to mediate such conflicts. Addressing the social alignment problem requires both enforcing existing norms on their developers and operators and designing new norms that apply directly to AI systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>"The World Is Its Own Best Model": Robust Real-World Manipulation Through Online Behavior Selection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04172">arxiv:2205.04172</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Manuel Baum, Oliver Brock</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Robotic manipulation behavior should be robust to disturbances that violate high-level task-structure. Such robustness can be achieved by constantly monitoring the environment to observe the discrete high-level state of the task. This is possible because different phases of a task are characterized by different sensor patterns and by monitoring these patterns a robot can decide which controllers to execute in the moment. This relaxes assumptions about the temporal sequence of those controllers and makes behavior robust to unforeseen disturbances. We implement this idea as probabilistic filter over discrete states where each state is direcly associated with a controller. Based on this framework we present a robotic system that is able to open a drawer and grasp tennis balls from it in a surprisingly robust way.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Affective Medical Estimation and Decision Making via Visualized Learning and Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04599">arxiv:2205.04599</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mohammad Eslami, Solale Tabarestani, Ehsan Adeli, Glyn Elwyn, Tobias Elze, Mengyu Wang, Nazlee Zebardast, Nassir Navab, Malek Adjouadi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the advent of sophisticated machine learning (ML) techniques and the promising results they yield, especially in medical applications, where they have been investigated for different tasks to enhance the decision-making process. Since visualization is such an effective tool for human comprehension, memorization, and judgment, we have presented a first-of-its-kind estimation approach we refer to as Visualized Learning for Machine Learning (VL4ML) that not only can serve to assist physicians and clinicians in making reasoned medical decisions, but it also allows to appreciate the uncertainty visualization, which could raise incertitude in making the appropriate classification or prediction. For the proof of concept, and to demonstrate the generalized nature of this visualized estimation approach, five different case studies are examined for different types of tasks including classification, regression, and longitudinal prediction. A survey analysis with more than 100 individuals is also conducted to assess users' feedback on this visualized estimation method. The experiments and the survey demonstrate the practical merits of the VL4ML that include: (1) appreciating visually clinical/medical estimations; (2) getting closer to the patients' preferences; (3) improving doctor-patient communication, and (4) visualizing the uncertainty introduced through the black box effect of the deployed ML algorithm. All the source codes are shared via a GitHub repository.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Optimal VPU Compiler Cost Modeling by using Neural Networks to Infer Hardware Performances</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04586">arxiv:2205.04586</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Ian Frederick Vigogne Goodbody Hunter, Alessandro Palla, Sebastian Eusebiu Nagy, Richard Richmond, Kyle McAdoo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Calculating the most efficient schedule of work in a neural network compiler is a difficult task. There are many parameters to be accounted for that can positively or adversely affect that schedule depending on their configuration - How work is shared between distributed targets, the subdivision of tensors to fit in memory, toggling the enablement of optimizations, etc. Traditionally, neural network compilers determine how to set these values by building a graph of choices and choosing the path with minimal 'cost'. These choices and their corresponding costs are usually determined by an algorithm crafted by engineers with a deep knowledge of the target platform. However, when the amount of options available to a compiler is large, it is very difficult to ensure that these models consistently produce an optimal schedule for all scenarios, whilst still completing compilation in an acceptable timeframe. This paper presents 'VPUNN' - a neural network-based cost model trained on low-level task profiling that consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art cost modeling in Intel's line of VPU processors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Machine Learning Diffusion Monte Carlo Energy Densities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04547">arxiv:2205.04547</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Kevin Ryczko, Jaron T. Krogel, Isaac Tamblyn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present two machine learning methodologies which are capable of predicting diffusion Monte Carlo (DMC) energies with small datasets ($\approx$60 DMC calculations in total). The first uses voxel deep neural networks (VDNNs) to predict DMC energy densities using Kohn-Sham density functional theory (DFT) electron densities as input. The second uses kernel ridge regression (KRR) to predict atomic contributions to the DMC total energy using atomic environment vectors as input (we used atom centred symmetry functions, atomic environment vectors from the ANI models, and smooth overlap of atomic positions). We first compare the methodologies on pristine graphene lattices, where we find the KRR methodology performs best in comparison to gradient boosted decision trees, random forest, gaussian process regression, and multilayer perceptrons. In addition, KRR outperforms VDNNs by an order of magnitude. Afterwards, we study the generalizability of KRR to predict the energy barrier associated with a Stone-Wales defect. Lastly, we move from 2D to 3D materials and use KRR to predict total energies of liquid water. In all cases, we find that the KRR models are more accurate than Kohn-Sham DFT and all mean absolute errors are less than chemical accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How Does Frequency Bias Affect the Robustness of Neural Image Classifiers against Common Corruption and Adversarial Perturbations?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04533">arxiv:2205.04533</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Alvin Chan, Yew-Soon Ong, Clement Tan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Model robustness is vital for the reliable deployment of machine learning models in real-world applications. Recent studies have shown that data augmentation can result in model over-relying on features in the low-frequency domain, sacrificing performance against low-frequency corruptions, highlighting a connection between frequency and robustness. Here, we take one step further to more directly study the frequency bias of a model through the lens of its Jacobians and its implication to model robustness. To achieve this, we propose Jacobian frequency regularization for models' Jacobians to have a larger ratio of low-frequency components. Through experiments on four image datasets, we show that biasing classifiers towards low (high)-frequency components can bring performance gain against high (low)-frequency corruption and adversarial perturbation, albeit with a tradeoff in performance for low (high)-frequency corruption. Our approach elucidates a more direct connection between the frequency bias and robustness of deep learning models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Insights into the origin of halo mass profiles from machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04474">arxiv:2205.04474</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Luisa Lucie-Smith, Susmita Adhikari, Risa H. Wechsler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The mass distribution of dark matter haloes is the result of the hierarchical growth of initial density perturbations through mass accretion and mergers. We use an interpretable machine-learning framework to provide physical insights into the origin of the spherically-averaged mass profile of dark matter haloes. We train a gradient-boosted-trees algorithm to predict the final mass profiles of cluster-sized haloes, and measure the importance of the different inputs provided to the algorithm. We find two primary scales in the initial conditions (ICs) that impact the final mass profile: the density at approximately the scale of the haloes' Lagrangian patch $R_L$ ($R\sim 0.7\, R_L$) and that in the large-scale environment ($R\sim 1.7~R_L$). The model also identifies three primary time-scales in the halo assembly history that affect the final profile: (i) the formation time of the virialized, collapsed material inside the halo, (ii) the dynamical time, which captures the dynamically unrelaxed, infalling component of the halo over its first orbit, (iii) a third, most recent time-scale, which captures the impact on the outer profile of recent massive merger events. While the inner profile retains memory of the ICs, this information alone is insufficient to yield accurate predictions for the outer profile. As we add information about the haloes' mass accretion history, we find a significant improvement in the predicted profiles at all radii. Our machine-learning framework provides novel insights into the role of the ICs and the mass assembly history in determining the final mass profile of cluster-sized haloes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MixAugment & Mixup: Augmentation Methods for Facial Expression Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04442">arxiv:2205.04442</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Andreas Psaroudakis, Dimitrios Kollias</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automatic Facial Expression Recognition (FER) has attracted increasing attention in the last 20 years since facial expressions play a central role in human communication. Most FER methodologies utilize Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) that are powerful tools when it comes to data analysis. However, despite their power, these networks are prone to overfitting, as they often tend to memorize the training data. What is more, there are not currently a lot of in-the-wild (i.e. in unconstrained environment) large databases for FER. To alleviate this issue, a number of data augmentation techniques have been proposed. Data augmentation is a way to increase the diversity of available data by applying constrained transformations on the original data. One such technique, which has positively contributed to various classification tasks, is Mixup. According to this, a DNN is trained on convex combinations of pairs of examples and their corresponding labels. In this paper, we examine the effectiveness of Mixup for in-the-wild FER in which data have large variations in head poses, illumination conditions, backgrounds and contexts. We then propose a new data augmentation strategy which is based on Mixup, called MixAugment. According to this, the network is trained concurrently on a combination of virtual examples and real examples; all these examples contribute to the overall loss function. We conduct an extensive experimental study that proves the effectiveness of MixAugment over Mixup and various state-of-the-art methods. We further investigate the combination of dropout with Mixup and MixAugment, as well as the combination of other data augmentation techniques with MixAugment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BLINK with Elasticsearch for Efficient Entity Linking in Business Conversations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04438">arxiv:2205.04438</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Md Tahmid Rahman Laskar, Cheng Chen, Aliaksandr Martsinovich, Jonathan Johnston, Xue-Yong Fu, Shashi Bhushan TN, Simon Corston-Oliver</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An Entity Linking system aligns the textual mentions of entities in a text to their corresponding entries in a knowledge base. However, deploying a neural entity linking system for efficient real-time inference in production environments is a challenging task. In this work, we present a neural entity linking system that connects the product and organization type entities in business conversations to their corresponding Wikipedia and Wikidata entries. The proposed system leverages Elasticsearch to ensure inference efficiency when deployed in a resource limited cloud machine, and obtains significant improvements in terms of inference speed and memory consumption while retaining high accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accelerated Reinforcement Learning for Temporal Logic Control Objectives</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04424">arxiv:2205.04424</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yiannis Kantaros</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper addresses the problem of learning control policies for mobile robots modeled as unknown Markov Decision Processes (MDPs) that are tasked with temporal logic missions, such as sequencing, coverage, or surveillance. The MDP captures uncertainty in the workspace structure and the outcomes of control decisions. The control objective is to synthesize a control policy that maximizes the probability of accomplishing a high-level task, specified as a Linear Temporal Logic (LTL) formula. To address this problem, we propose a novel accelerated model-based reinforcement learning (RL) algorithm for LTL control objectives that is capable of learning control policies significantly faster than related approaches. Its sample-efficiency relies on biasing exploration towards directions that may contribute to task satisfaction. This is accomplished by leveraging an automaton representation of the LTL task as well as a continuously learned MDP model. Finally, we provide extensive comparative experiments that demonstrate the sample efficiency of the proposed method against recent temporal logic RL methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TeamX@DravidianLangTech-ACL2022: A Comparative Analysis for Troll-Based Meme Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04404">arxiv:2205.04404</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Rabindra Nath Nandi, Firoj Alam, Preslav Nakov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The spread of fake news, propaganda, misinformation, disinformation, and harmful content online raised concerns among social media platforms, government agencies, policymakers, and society as a whole. This is because such harmful or abusive content leads to several consequences to people such as physical, emotional, relational, and financial. Among different harmful content \textit{trolling-based} online content is one of them, where the idea is to post a message that is provocative, offensive, or menacing with an intent to mislead the audience. The content can be textual, visual, a combination of both, or a meme. In this study, we provide a comparative analysis of troll-based memes classification using the textual, visual, and multimodal content. We report several interesting findings in terms of code-mixed text, multimodal setting, and combining an additional dataset, which shows improvements over the majority baseline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Effective Scheme for Maize Disease Recognition based on Deep Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04234">arxiv:2205.04234</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Saeedeh Osouli, Behrouz Bolourian Haghighi, Ehsan Sadrossadat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the last decades, the area under cultivation of maize products has increased because of its essential role in the food cycle for humans, livestock, and poultry. Moreover, the diseases of plants impact food safety and can significantly reduce both the quality and quantity of agricultural products. There are many challenges to accurate and timely diagnosis of the disease. This research presents a novel scheme based on a deep neural network to overcome the mentioned challenges. Due to the limited number of data, the transfer learning technique is employed with the help of two well-known architectures. In this way, a new effective model is adopted by a combination of pre-trained MobileNetV2 and Inception Networks due to their effective performance on object detection problems. The convolution layers of MoblieNetV2 and Inception modules are parallelly arranged as earlier layers to extract crucial features. In addition, the imbalance problem of classes has been solved by an augmentation strategy. The proposed scheme has a superior performance compared to other state-of-the-art models published in recent years. The accuracy of the model reaches 97%, approximately. In summary, experimental results prove the method's validity and significant performance in diagnosing disease in plant leaves.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Local Prediction Aggregation: A Frustratingly Easy Source-free Domain Adaptation Method</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04183">arxiv:2205.04183</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Shiqi Yang, Yaxing Wang, Kai Wang, Joost van de Weijer, Shangling Jui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a simple but effective source-free domain adaptation (SFDA) method. Treating SFDA as an unsupervised clustering problem and following the intuition that local neighbors in feature space should have more similar predictions than other features, we propose to optimize an objective of prediction consistency. This objective encourages local neighborhood features in feature space to have similar predictions while features farther away in feature space have dissimilar predictions, leading to efficient feature clustering and cluster assignment simultaneously. For efficient training, we seek to optimize an upper-bound of the objective which contains two simple terms. Furthermore, we relate popular existing methods in domain adaptation, source-free domain adaptation and contrastive learning via the perspective of discriminability and diversity. The experimental results prove the superiority of our method, and our method can be adopted as a simple but strong baseline for future research in SFDA. Code is available in https://github.com/Albert0147/LPA_SFDA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Verifying Integrity of Deep Ensemble Models by Lossless Black-box Watermarking with Sensitive Samples</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04145">arxiv:2205.04145</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lina Lin, Hanzhou Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the widespread use of deep neural networks (DNNs) in many areas, more and more studies focus on protecting DNN models from intellectual property (IP) infringement. Many existing methods apply digital watermarking to protect the DNN models. The majority of them either embed a watermark directly into the internal network structure/parameters or insert a zero-bit watermark by fine-tuning a model to be protected with a set of so-called trigger samples. Though these methods work very well, they were designed for individual DNN models, which cannot be directly applied to deep ensemble models (DEMs) that combine multiple DNN models to make the final decision. It motivates us to propose a novel black-box watermarking method in this paper for DEMs, which can be used for verifying the integrity of DEMs. In the proposed method, a certain number of sensitive samples are carefully selected through mimicking real-world DEM attacks and analyzing the prediction results of the sub-models of the non-attacked DEM and the attacked DEM on the carefully crafted dataset. By analyzing the prediction results of the target DEM on these carefully crafted sensitive samples, we are able to verify the integrity of the target DEM. Different from many previous methods, the proposed method does not modify the original DEM to be protected, which indicates that the proposed method is lossless. Experimental results have shown that the DEM integrity can be reliably verified even if only one sub-model was attacked, which has good potential in practice.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SmoothNets: Optimizing CNN architecture design for differentially private deep learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04095">arxiv:2205.04095</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Nicolas W. Remerscheid, Alexander Ziller, Daniel Rueckert, Georgios Kaissis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The arguably most widely employed algorithm to train deep neural networks with Differential Privacy is DPSGD, which requires clipping and noising of per-sample gradients. This introduces a reduction in model utility compared to non-private training. Empirically, it can be observed that this accuracy degradation is strongly dependent on the model architecture. We investigated this phenomenon and, by combining components which exhibit good individual performance, distilled a new model architecture termed SmoothNet, which is characterised by increased robustness to the challenges of DP-SGD training. Experimentally, we benchmark SmoothNet against standard architectures on two benchmark datasets and observe that our architecture outperforms others, reaching an accuracy of 73.5\% on CIFAR-10 at $\varepsilon=7.0$ and 69.2\% at $\varepsilon=7.0$ on ImageNette, a state-of-the-art result compared to prior architectural modifications for DP.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PS-Net: Deep Partially Separable Modelling for Dynamic Magnetic Resonance Imaging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04073">arxiv:2205.04073</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Chentao Cao, Zhuo-Xu Cui, Qingyong Zhu, Dong Liang, Yanjie Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning methods driven by the low-rank regularization have achieved attractive performance in dynamic magnetic resonance (MR) imaging. However, most of these methods represent low-rank prior by hand-crafted nuclear norm, which cannot accurately approximate the low-rank prior over the entire dataset through a fixed regularization parameter. In this paper, we propose a learned low-rank method for dynamic MR imaging. In particular, we unrolled the semi-quadratic splitting method (HQS) algorithm for the partially separable (PS) model to a network, in which the low-rank is adaptively characterized by a learnable null-space transform. Experiments on the cardiac cine dataset show that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art compressed sensing (CS) methods and existing deep learning methods both quantitatively and qualitatively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Augmentations: An Insight into their Effectiveness on Convolution Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04064">arxiv:2205.04064</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Sabeesh Ethiraj, Bharath Kumar Bolla</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Augmentations are the key factor in determining the performance of any neural network as they provide a model with a critical edge in boosting its performance. Their ability to boost a model's robustness depends on two factors, viz-a-viz, the model architecture, and the type of augmentations. Augmentations are very specific to a dataset, and it is not imperative that all kinds of augmentation would necessarily produce a positive effect on a model's performance. Hence there is a need to identify augmentations that perform consistently well across a variety of datasets and also remain invariant to the type of architecture, convolutions, and the number of parameters used. Hence there is a need to identify augmentations that perform consistently well across a variety of datasets and also remain invariant to the type of architecture, convolutions, and the number of parameters used. This paper evaluates the effect of parameters using 3x3 and depth-wise separable convolutions on different augmentation techniques on MNIST, FMNIST, and CIFAR10 datasets. Statistical Evidence shows that techniques such as Cutouts and Random horizontal flip were consistent on both parametrically low and high architectures. Depth-wise separable convolutions outperformed 3x3 convolutions at higher parameters due to their ability to create deeper networks. Augmentations resulted in bridging the accuracy gap between the 3x3 and depth-wise separable convolutions, thus establishing their role in model generalization. At higher number augmentations did not produce a significant change in performance. The synergistic effect of multiple augmentations at higher parameters, with antagonistic effect at lower parameters, was also evaluated. The work proves that a delicate balance between architectural supremacy and augmentations needs to be achieved to enhance a model's performance in any given deep learning task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Edge-Cloud Integrated Framework for Flexible and Dynamic Stream Analytics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04622">arxiv:2205.04622</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Xin Wang, Azim Khan, Jianwu Wang, Aryya Gangopadhyay, Carl E. Busart, Jade Freeman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the popularity of Internet of Things (IoT), edge computing and cloud computing, more and more stream analytics applications are being developed including real-time trend prediction and object detection on top of IoT sensing data. One popular type of stream analytics is the recurrent neural network (RNN) deep learning model based time series or sequence data prediction and forecasting. Different from traditional analytics that assumes data to be processed are available ahead of time and will not change, stream analytics deals with data that are being generated continuously and data trend/distribution could change (aka concept drift), which will cause prediction/forecasting accuracy to drop over time. One other challenge is to find the best resource provisioning for stream analytics to achieve good overall latency. In this paper, we study how to best leverage edge and cloud resources to achieve better accuracy and latency for RNN-based stream analytics. We propose a novel edge-cloud integrated framework for hybrid stream analytics that support low latency inference on the edge and high capacity training on the cloud. We study the flexible deployment of our hybrid learning framework, namely edge-centric, cloud-centric and edge-cloud integrated. Further, our hybrid learning framework can dynamically combine inference results from an RNN model pre-trained based on historical data and another RNN model re-trained periodically based on the most recent data. Using real-world and simulated stream datasets, our experiments show the proposed edge-cloud deployment is the best among all three deployment types in terms of latency. For accuracy, the experiments show our dynamic learning approach performs the best among all learning approaches for all three concept drift scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Risk Aversion In Learning Algorithms and an Application To Recommendation Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04619">arxiv:2205.04619</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Andreas Haupt, Aroon Narayanan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Consider a bandit learning environment. We demonstrate that popular learning algorithms such as Upper Confidence Band (UCB) and $\varepsilon$-Greedy exhibit risk aversion: when presented with two arms of the same expectation, but different variance, the algorithms tend to not choose the riskier, i.e. higher variance, arm. We prove that $\varepsilon$-Greedy chooses the risky arm with probability tending to $0$ when faced with a deterministic and a Rademacher-distributed arm. We show experimentally that UCB also shows risk-averse behavior, and that risk aversion is present persistently in early rounds of learning even if the riskier arm has a slightly higher expectation. We calibrate our model to a recommendation system and show that algorithmic risk aversion can decrease consumer surplus and increase homogeneity. We discuss several extensions to other bandit algorithms, reinforcement learning, and investigate the impacts of algorithmic risk aversion for decision theory.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Verification Framework for Certifying Learning-Based Safety-Critical Aviation Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04590">arxiv:2205.04590</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ali Baheri, Hao Ren, Benjamin Johnson, Pouria Razzaghi, Peng Wei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a safety verification framework for design-time and run-time assurance of learning-based components in aviation systems. Our proposed framework integrates two novel methodologies. From the design-time assurance perspective, we propose offline mixed-fidelity verification tools that incorporate knowledge from different levels of granularity in simulated environments. From the run-time assurance perspective, we propose reachability- and statistics-based online monitoring and safety guards for a learning-based decision-making model to complement the offline verification methods. This framework is designed to be loosely coupled among modules, allowing the individual modules to be developed using independent methodologies and techniques, under varying circumstances and with different tool access. The proposed framework offers feasible solutions for meeting system safety requirements at different stages throughout the system development and deployment cycle, enabling the continuous learning and assessment of the system product.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Probabilistic Generative Model of Free Categories</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04545">arxiv:2205.04545</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Eli Sennesh, Tom Xu, Yoshihiro Maruyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Applied category theory has recently developed libraries for computing with morphisms in interesting categories, while machine learning has developed ways of learning programs in interesting languages. Taking the analogy between categories and languages seriously, this paper defines a probabilistic generative model of morphisms in free monoidal categories over domain-specific generating objects and morphisms. The paper shows how acyclic directed wiring diagrams can model specifications for morphisms, which the model can use to generate morphisms. Amortized variational inference in the generative model then enables learning of parameters (by maximum likelihood) and inference of latent variables (by Bayesian inversion). A concrete experiment shows that the free category prior achieves competitive reconstruction performance on the Omniglot dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Image2Gif: Generating Continuous Realistic Animations with Warping NODEs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04519">arxiv:2205.04519</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jurijs Nazarovs, Zhichun Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generating smooth animations from a limited number of sequential observations has a number of applications in vision. For example, it can be used to increase number of frames per second, or generating a new trajectory only based on first and last frames, e.g. a motion of face emotions. Despite the discrete observed data (frames), the problem of generating a new trajectory is a continues problem. In addition, to be perceptually realistic, the domain of an image should not alter drastically through the trajectory of changes. In this paper, we propose a new framework, Warping Neural ODE, for generating a smooth animation (video frame interpolation) in a continuous manner, given two ("farther apart") frames, denoting the start and the end of the animation. The key feature of our framework is utilizing the continuous spatial transformation of the image based on the vector field, derived from a system of differential equations. This allows us to achieve the smoothness and the realism of an animation with infinitely small time steps between the frames. We show the application of our work in generating an animation given two frames, in different training settings, including Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and with $L_2$ loss.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FlowBot3D: Learning 3D Articulation Flow to Manipulate Articulated Objects</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04382">arxiv:2205.04382</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ben Eisner, Harry Zhang, David Held</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We explore a novel method to perceive and manipulate 3D articulated objects that generalizes to enable a robot to articulate unseen classes of objects. We propose a vision-based system that learns to predict the potential motions of the parts of a variety of articulated objects to guide downstream motion planning of the system to articulate the objects. To predict the object motions, we train a neural network to output a dense vector field representing the point-wise motion direction of the points in the point cloud under articulation. We then deploy an analytical motion planner based on this vector field to achieve a policy that yields maximum articulation. We train the vision system entirely in simulation, and we demonstrate the capability of our system to generalize to unseen object instances and novel categories in both simulation and the real world, deploying our policy on a Sawyer robot with no finetuning. Results show that our system achieves state-of-the-art performance in both simulated and real-world experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fatigue Prediction in Outdoor Running Conditions using Audio Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04343">arxiv:2205.04343</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Andreas Triantafyllopoulos, Sandra Ottl, Alexander Gebhard, Esther Rituerto-Gonzlez, Mirko Jaumann, Steffen Httner, Valerie Dieter, Patrick Schneewei, Inga Krau, Maurice Gerczuk, Shahin Amiriparian, Bjrn W. Schuller</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although running is a common leisure activity and a core training regiment for several athletes, between $29\%$ and $79\%$ of runners sustain an overuse injury each year. These injuries are linked to excessive fatigue, which alters how someone runs. In this work, we explore the feasibility of modelling the Borg received perception of exertion (RPE) scale (range: $[6-20]$), a well-validated subjective measure of fatigue, using audio data captured in realistic outdoor environments via smartphones attached to the runners' arms. Using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on log-Mel spectrograms, we obtain a mean absolute error of $2.35$ in subject-dependent experiments, demonstrating that audio can be effectively used to model fatigue, while being more easily and non-invasively acquired than by signals from other sensors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HierAttn: Effectively Learn Representations from Stage Attention and Branch Attention for Skin Lesions Diagnosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04326">arxiv:2205.04326</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Wei Dai, Rui Liu, Tianyi Wu, Min Wang, Jianqin Yin, Jun Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An accurate and unbiased examination of skin lesions is critical for the early diagnosis and treatment of skin cancers. The visual feature of the skin lesions varies significantly because skin images are collected from patients with different skin colours by using various devices. Recent studies have developed ensembled convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to classify the images for early diagnosis. However, the practical use of CNNs is limited because their network structures are heavyweight and neglect contextual information. Vision transformers (ViTs) learn the global features by self-attention mechanisms, but they also have comparatively large model sizes (more than 100M). To address these limitations, we introduce HierAttn, a lite and effective neural network with hierarchical and self attention. HierAttn applies a novel strategy based on learning local and global features by a multi-stage and hierarchical network. The efficacy of HierAttn was evaluated by using the dermoscopy images dataset ISIC2019 and smartphone photos dataset PAD-UFES-20. The experimental results show that HierAttn achieves the best top-1 accuracy and AUC among state-of-the-art mobile networks, including MobileNetV3 and MobileViT. The code is available at https://github.com/anthonyweidai/HierAttn.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ReCAB-VAE: Gumbel-Softmax Variational Inference Based on Analytic Divergence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04104">arxiv:2205.04104</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Sangshin Oh, Seyun Um, Hong-Goo Kang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Gumbel-softmax distribution, or Concrete distribution, is often used to relax the discrete characteristics of a categorical distribution and enable back-propagation through differentiable reparameterization. Although it reliably yields low variance gradients, it still relies on a stochastic sampling process for optimization. In this work, we present a relaxed categorical analytic bound (ReCAB), a novel divergence-like metric which corresponds to the upper bound of the Kullback-Leibler divergence (KLD) of a relaxed categorical distribution. The proposed metric is easy to implement because it has a closed form solution, and empirical results show that it is close to the actual KLD. Along with this new metric, we propose a relaxed categorical analytic bound variational autoencoder (ReCAB-VAE) that successfully models both continuous and relaxed discrete latent representations. We implement an emotional text-to-speech synthesis system based on the proposed framework, and show that the proposed system flexibly and stably controls emotion expressions with better speech quality compared to baselines that use stochastic estimation or categorical distribution approximation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multilevel Hierarchical Network with Multiscale Sampling for Video Question Answering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04061">arxiv:2205.04061</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Min Peng, Chongyang Wang, Yuan Gao, Yu Shi, Xiang-Dong Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video question answering (VideoQA) is challenging given its multimodal combination of visual understanding and natural language processing. While most existing approaches ignore the visual appearance-motion information at different temporal scales, it is unknown how to incorporate the multilevel processing capacity of a deep learning model with such multiscale information. Targeting these issues, this paper proposes a novel Multilevel Hierarchical Network (MHN) with multiscale sampling for VideoQA. MHN comprises two modules, namely Recurrent Multimodal Interaction (RMI) and Parallel Visual Reasoning (PVR). With a multiscale sampling, RMI iterates the interaction of appearance-motion information at each scale and the question embeddings to build the multilevel question-guided visual representations. Thereon, with a shared transformer encoder, PVR infers the visual cues at each level in parallel to fit with answering different question types that may rely on the visual information at relevant levels. Through extensive experiments on three VideoQA datasets, we demonstrate improved performances than previous state-of-the-arts and justify the effectiveness of each part of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploiting Digital Surface Models for Inferring Super-Resolution for Remotely Sensed Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04056">arxiv:2205.04056</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Savvas Karatsiolis, Chirag Padubidri, Andreas Kamilaris</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the plethora of successful Super-Resolution Reconstruction (SRR) models applied to natural images, their application to remote sensing imagery tends to produce poor results. Remote sensing imagery is often more complicated than natural images and has its peculiarities such as being of lower resolution, it contains noise, and often depicting large textured surfaces. As a result, applying non-specialized SRR models on remote sensing imagery results in artifacts and poor reconstructions. To address these problems, this paper proposes an architecture inspired by previous research work, introducing a novel approach for forcing an SRR model to output realistic remote sensing images: instead of relying on feature-space similarities as a perceptual loss, the model considers pixel-level information inferred from the normalized Digital Surface Model (nDSM) of the image. This strategy allows the application of better-informed updates during the training of the model which sources from a task (elevation map inference) that is closely related to remote sensing. Nonetheless, the nDSM auxiliary information is not required during production and thus the model infers a super-resolution image without any additional data besides its low-resolution pairs. We assess our model on two remotely sensed datasets of different spatial resolutions that also contain the DSM pairs of the images: the DFC2018 dataset and the dataset containing the national Lidar fly-by of Luxembourg. Based on visual inspection, the inferred super-resolution images exhibit particularly superior quality. In particular, the results for the high-resolution DFC2018 dataset are realistic and almost indistinguishable from the ground truth images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Classification and mapping of low-statured 'shrubland' cover types in post-agricultural landscapes of the US Northeast</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.05047">arxiv:2205.05047</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Michael J Mahoney, Lucas K Johnson, Colin M Beier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Context: Novel plant communities reshape landscapes and pose challenges for land cover classification and mapping that can constrain research and stewardship efforts. In the US Northeast, emergence of low-statured woody vegetation, or 'shrublands', instead of secondary forests in post-agricultural landscapes is well-documented by field studies, but poorly understood from a landscape perspective, which limits the ability to systematically study and manage these lands. Objectives: To address gaps in classification/mapping of low-statured cover types where they have been historically rare, we developed models to predict 'shrubland' distributions at 30m resolution across New York State (NYS), using machine learning and model ensembling techniques to integrate remote sensing of structural (airborne LIDAR) and optical (satellite imagery) properties of vegetation cover. We first classified a 1m canopy height model (CHM), derived from a "patchwork" of available LIDAR coverages, to define shrubland presence/absence. Next, these non-contiguous maps were used to train a model ensemble based on temporally-segmented imagery to predict 'shrubland' probability for the entire study landscape (NYS). Results: Approximately 2.5% of the CHM coverage area was classified as shrubland. Models using Landsat predictors trained on the classified CHM were effective at identifying shrubland (test set AUC=0.893, real-world AUC=0.904), in discriminating between shrub/young forest and other cover classes, and produced qualitatively sensible maps, even when extending beyond the original training data. Conclusions: After ground-truthing, we expect these shrubland maps and models will have many research and stewardship applications including wildlife conservation, invasive species mitigation and natural climate solutions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Variational Inference MPC using Normalizing Flows and Out-of-Distribution Projection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04667">arxiv:2205.04667</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Thomas Power, Dmitry Berenson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a Model Predictive Control (MPC) method for collision-free navigation that uses amortized variational inference to approximate the distribution of optimal control sequences by training a normalizing flow conditioned on the start, goal and environment. This representation allows us to learn a distribution that accounts for both the dynamics of the robot and complex obstacle geometries. We can then sample from this distribution to produce control sequences which are likely to be both goal-directed and collision-free as part of our proposed FlowMPPI sampling-based MPC method. However, when deploying this method, the robot may encounter an out-of-distribution (OOD) environment, i.e. one which is radically different from those used in training. In such cases, the learned flow cannot be trusted to produce low-cost control sequences. To generalize our method to OOD environments we also present an approach that performs projection on the representation of the environment as part of the MPC process. This projection changes the environment representation to be more in-distribution while also optimizing trajectory quality in the true environment. Our simulation results on a 2D double-integrator and a 3D 12DoF underactuated quadrotor suggest that FlowMPPI with projection outperforms state-of-the-art MPC baselines on both in-distribution and OOD environments, including OOD environments generated from real-world data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CoDo: Contrastive Learning with Downstream Background Invariance for Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04617">arxiv:2205.04617</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Bing Zhao, Jun Li, Hong Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The prior self-supervised learning researches mainly select image-level instance discrimination as pretext task. It achieves a fantastic classification performance that is comparable to supervised learning methods. However, with degraded transfer performance on downstream tasks such as object detection. To bridge the performance gap, we propose a novel object-level self-supervised learning method, called Contrastive learning with Downstream background invariance (CoDo). The pretext task is converted to focus on instance location modeling for various backgrounds, especially for downstream datasets. The ability of background invariance is considered vital for object detection. Firstly, a data augmentation strategy is proposed to paste the instances onto background images, and then jitter the bounding box to involve background information. Secondly, we implement architecture alignment between our pretraining network and the mainstream detection pipelines. Thirdly, hierarchical and multi views contrastive learning is designed to improve performance of visual representation learning. Experiments on MSCOCO demonstrate that the proposed CoDo with common backbones, ResNet50-FPN, yields strong transfer learning results for object detection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Song of (Dis)agreement: Evaluating the Evaluation of Explainable Artificial Intelligence in Natural Language Processing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04559">arxiv:2205.04559</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Michael Neely, Stefan F. Schouten, Maurits Bleeker, Ana Lucic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There has been significant debate in the NLP community about whether or not attention weights can be used as an explanation - a mechanism for interpreting how important each input token is for a particular prediction. The validity of "attention as explanation" has so far been evaluated by computing the rank correlation between attention-based explanations and existing feature attribution explanations using LSTM-based models. In our work, we (i) compare the rank correlation between five more recent feature attribution methods and two attention-based methods, on two types of NLP tasks, and (ii) extend this analysis to also include transformer-based models. We find that attention-based explanations do not correlate strongly with any recent feature attribution methods, regardless of the model or task. Furthermore, we find that none of the tested explanations correlate strongly with one another for the transformer-based model, leading us to question the underlying assumption that we should measure the validity of attention-based explanations based on how well they correlate with existing feature attribution explanation methods. After conducting experiments on five datasets using two different models, we argue that the community should stop using rank correlation as an evaluation metric for attention-based explanations. We suggest that researchers and practitioners should instead test various explanation methods and employ a human-in-the-loop process to determine if the explanations align with human intuition for the particular use case at hand.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Skin disease diagnosis using image analysis and natural language processing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04468">arxiv:2205.04468</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Martin Chileshe, Mayumbo Nyirenda</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In Zambia, there is a serious shortage of medical staff where each practitioner attends to about 17000 patients in a given district while still, other patients travel over 10 km to access the basic medical services. In this research, we implement a deep learning model that can perform the clinical diagnosis process. The study will prove whether image analysis is capable of performing clinical diagnosis. It will also enable us to understand if we can use image analysis to lessen the workload on medical practitioners by delegating some tasks to an AI. The success of this study has the potential to increase the accessibility of medical services to Zambians, which is one of the national goals of Vision 2030.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph Neural Networks for Propositional Model Counting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04423">arxiv:2205.04423</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Gaia Saveri, Luca Bortolussi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have been recently leveraged to solve several logical reasoning tasks. Nevertheless, counting problems such as propositional model counting (#SAT) are still mostly approached with traditional solvers. Here we tackle this gap by presenting an architecture based on the GNN framework for belief propagation (BP) of Kuch et al., extended with self-attentive GNN and trained to approximately solve the #SAT problem. We ran a thorough experimental investigation, showing that our model, trained on a small set of random Boolean formulae, is able to scale effectively to much larger problem sizes, with comparable or better performances of state of the art approximate solvers. Moreover, we show that it can be efficiently fine-tuned to provide good generalization results on different formulae distributions, such as those coming from SAT-encoded combinatorial problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detecting the Role of an Entity in Harmful Memes: Techniques and Their Limitations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04402">arxiv:2205.04402</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Rabindra Nath Nandi, Firoj Alam, Preslav Nakov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Harmful or abusive online content has been increasing over time, raising concerns for social media platforms, government agencies, and policymakers. Such harmful or abusive content can have major negative impact on society, e.g., cyberbullying can lead to suicides, rumors about COVID-19 can cause vaccine hesitance, promotion of fake cures for COVID-19 can cause health harms and deaths. The content that is posted and shared online can be textual, visual, or a combination of both, e.g., in a meme. Here, we describe our experiments in detecting the roles of the entities (hero, villain, victim) in harmful memes, which is part of the CONSTRAINT-2022 shared task, as well as our system for the task. We further provide a comparative analysis of different experimental settings (i.e., unimodal, multimodal, attention, and augmentation). For reproducibility, we make our experimental code publicly available. \url{https://github.com/robi56/harmful_memes_block_fusion}

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Site Generalization: Stroke Lesion Segmentation on Magnetic Resonance Images from Unseen Sites</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04329">arxiv:2205.04329</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Weiyi Yu, Zhizhong Huang, Junping Zhang, Hongming Shan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There are considerable interests in automatic stroke lesion segmentation on magnetic resonance (MR) images in the medical imaging field, as strokes are the main cause of various cerebrovascular diseases. Although deep learning-based models have been proposed for this task, generalizing these models to unseen sites is difficult due to not only the large intersite discrepancy among different scanners, imaging protocols, and populations but also the variations in stroke lesion shape, size, and location. Thus, we propose a U-net--based segmentation network termed SG-Net to improve unseen site generalization for stroke lesion segmentation on MR images. Specifically, we first propose masked adaptive instance normalization (MAIN) to minimize intersite discrepancies, standardizing input MR images from different sites into a site-unrelated style by dynamically learning affine parameters from the input. Then, we leverage a gradient reversal layer to force the U-net encoder to learn site-invariant representation, which further improves the model generalization in conjunction with MAIN. Finally, inspired by the "pseudosymmetry" of the human brain, we introduce a simple, yet effective data augmentation technique that can be embedded within SG-Net to double the sample size while halving memory consumption. As a result, stroke lesions from the whole brain can be easily identified within a hemisphere, improving the simplicity of training. Experimental results on the benchmark Anatomical Tracings of Lesions After Stroke (ATLAS) dataset, which includes MR images from 9 different sites, demonstrate that under the "leave-one-site-out" setting, the proposed SG-Net substantially outperforms recently published methods in terms of quantitative metrics and qualitative comparisons.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Insights on Modelling Physiological, Appraisal, and Affective Indicators of Stress using Audio Features</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04328">arxiv:2205.04328</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Andreas Triantafyllopoulos, Sandra Znkert, Alice Baird, Julian Konzok, Brigitte M. Kudielka, Bjrn W. Schuller</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Stress is a major threat to well-being that manifests in a variety of physiological and mental symptoms. Utilising speech samples collected while the subject is undergoing an induced stress episode has recently shown promising results for the automatic characterisation of individual stress responses. In this work, we introduce new findings that shed light onto whether speech signals are suited to model physiological biomarkers, as obtained via cortisol measurements, or self-assessed appraisal and affect measurements. Our results show that different indicators impact acoustic features in a diverse way, but that their complimentary information can nevertheless be effectively harnessed by a multi-tasking architecture to improve prediction performance for all of them.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Dataset and BERT-based Models for Targeted Sentiment Analysis on Turkish Texts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04185">arxiv:2205.04185</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>M. Melih Mutlu, Arzucan zgr</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Targeted Sentiment Analysis aims to extract sentiment towards a particular target from a given text. It is a field that is attracting attention due to the increasing accessibility of the Internet, which leads people to generate an enormous amount of data. Sentiment analysis, which in general requires annotated data for training, is a well-researched area for widely studied languages such as English. For low-resource languages such as Turkish, there is a lack of such annotated data. We present an annotated Turkish dataset suitable for targeted sentiment analysis. We also propose BERT-based models with different architectures to accomplish the task of targeted sentiment analysis. The results demonstrate that the proposed models outperform the traditional sentiment analysis models for the targeted sentiment analysis task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Price DOES Matter! Modeling Price and Interest Preferences in Session-based Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04181">arxiv:2205.04181</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xiaokun Zhang, Bo Xu, Liang Yang, Chenliang Li, Fenglong Ma, Haifeng Liu, Hongfei Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Session-based recommendation aims to predict items that an anonymous user would like to purchase based on her short behavior sequence. The current approaches towards session-based recommendation only focus on modeling users' interest preferences, while they all ignore a key attribute of an item, i.e., the price. Many marketing studies have shown that the price factor significantly influences users' behaviors and the purchase decisions of users are determined by both price and interest preferences simultaneously. However, it is nontrivial to incorporate price preferences for session-based recommendation. Firstly, it is hard to handle heterogeneous information from various features of items to capture users' price preferences. Secondly, it is difficult to model the complex relations between price and interest preferences in determining user choices.
  To address the above challenges, we propose a novel method Co-guided Heterogeneous Hypergraph Network (CoHHN) for session-based recommendation. Towards the first challenge, we devise a heterogeneous hypergraph to represent heterogeneous information and rich relations among them. A dual-channel aggregating mechanism is then designed to aggregate various information in the heterogeneous hypergraph. After that, we extract users' price preferences and interest preferences via attention layers. As to the second challenge, a co-guided learning scheme is designed to model the relations between price and interest preferences and enhance the learning of each other. Finally, we predict user actions based on item features and users' price and interest preferences. Extensive experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed CoHHN. Further analysis reveals the significance of price for session-based recommendation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Attribution-based Task-specific Pruning for Multi-task Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04157">arxiv:2205.04157</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nakyeong Yang, Yunah Jang, Hwanhee Lee, Seohyeong Jung, Kyomin Jung</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-task language models show outstanding performance for various natural language understanding tasks with only a single model. However, these language models inevitably utilize unnecessary large-scale model parameters, even when they are used for only a specific task. In this paper, we propose a novel training-free task-specific pruning method for multi-task language models. Specifically, we utilize an attribution method to compute the importance of each neuron for performing a specific task. Then, we prune task-specifically unimportant neurons using this computed importance. Experimental results on the six widely-used datasets show that our proposed pruning method significantly outperforms baseline compression methods. Also, we extend our method to be applicable in a low-resource setting, where the number of labeled datasets is insufficient.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Roles and Modes of Human Interactions with Automated Machine Learning Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04139">arxiv:2205.04139</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Thanh Tung Khuat, David Jacob Kedziora, Bogdan Gabrys</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As automated machine learning (AutoML) systems continue to progress in both sophistication and performance, it becomes important to understand the `how' and `why' of human-computer interaction (HCI) within these frameworks, both current and expected. Such a discussion is necessary for optimal system design, leveraging advanced data-processing capabilities to support decision-making involving humans, but it is also key to identifying the opportunities and risks presented by ever-increasing levels of machine autonomy. Within this context, we focus on the following questions: (i) How does HCI currently look like for state-of-the-art AutoML algorithms, especially during the stages of development, deployment, and maintenance? (ii) Do the expectations of HCI within AutoML frameworks vary for different types of users and stakeholders? (iii) How can HCI be managed so that AutoML solutions acquire human trust and broad acceptance? (iv) As AutoML systems become more autonomous and capable of learning from complex open-ended environments, will the fundamental nature of HCI evolve? To consider these questions, we project existing literature in HCI into the space of AutoML; this connection has, to date, largely been unexplored. In so doing, we review topics including user-interface design, human-bias mitigation, and trust in artificial intelligence (AI). Additionally, to rigorously gauge the future of HCI, we contemplate how AutoML may manifest in effectively open-ended environments. This discussion necessarily reviews projected developmental pathways for AutoML, such as the incorporation of reasoning, although the focus remains on how and why HCI may occur in such a framework rather than on any implementational details. Ultimately, this review serves to identify key research directions aimed at better facilitating the roles and modes of human interactions with both current and future AutoML systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantum neural network autoencoder and classifier applied to an industrial case study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04127">arxiv:2205.04127</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Stefano Mangini, Alessia Marruzzo, Marco Piantanida, Dario Gerace, Daniele Bajoni, Chiara Macchiavello</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quantum computing technologies are in the process of moving from academic research to real industrial applications, with the first hints of quantum advantage demonstrated in recent months. In these early practical uses of quantum computers it is relevant to develop algorithms that are useful for actual industrial processes. In this work we propose a quantum pipeline, comprising a quantum autoencoder followed by a quantum classifier, which are used to first compress and then label classical data coming from a separator, i.e., a machine used in one of Eni's Oil Treatment Plants. This work represents one of the first attempts to integrate quantum computing procedures in a real-case scenario of an industrial pipeline, in particular using actual data coming from physical machines, rather than pedagogical data from benchmark datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Generalisability of Machine Learning-based Network Intrusion Detection Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04112">arxiv:2205.04112</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Siamak Layeghy, Marius Portmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many of the proposed machine learning (ML) based network intrusion detection systems (NIDSs) achieve near perfect detection performance when evaluated on synthetic benchmark datasets. Though, there is no record of if and how these results generalise to other network scenarios, in particular to real-world networks. In this paper, we investigate the generalisability property of ML-based NIDSs by extensively evaluating seven supervised and unsupervised learning models on four recently published benchmark NIDS datasets. Our investigation indicates that none of the considered models is able to generalise over all studied datasets. Interestingly, our results also indicate that the generalisability has a high degree of asymmetry, i.e., swapping the source and target domains can significantly change the classification performance. Our investigation also indicates that overall, unsupervised learning methods generalise better than supervised learning models in our considered scenarios. Using SHAP values to explain these results indicates that the lack of generalisability is mainly due to the presence of strong correspondence between the values of one or more features and Attack/Benign classes in one dataset-model combination and its absence in other datasets that have different feature distributions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A 14uJ/Decision Keyword Spotting Accelerator with In-SRAM-Computing and On Chip Learning for Customization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04665">arxiv:2205.04665</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yu-Hsiang Chiang, Tian-Sheuan Chang, Shyh Jye Jou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Keyword spotting has gained popularity as a natural way to interact with consumer devices in recent years. However, because of its always-on nature and the variety of speech, it necessitates a low-power design as well as user customization. This paper describes a low-power, energy-efficient keyword spotting accelerator with SRAM based in-memory computing (IMC) and on-chip learning for user customization. However, IMC is constrained by macro size, limited precision, and non-ideal effects. To address the issues mentioned above, this paper proposes bias compensation and fine-tuning using an IMC-aware model design. Furthermore, because learning with low-precision edge devices results in zero error and gradient values due to quantization, this paper proposes error scaling and small gradient accumulation to achieve the same accuracy as ideal model training. The simulation results show that with user customization, we can recover the accuracy loss from 51.08\% to 89.76\% with compensation and fine-tuning and further improve to 96.71\% with customization. The chip implementation can successfully run the model with only 14$uJ$ per decision. When compared to the state-of-the-art works, the presented design has higher energy efficiency with additional on-chip model customization capabilities for higher accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Informed Steiner Trees: Sampling and Pruning for Multi-Goal Path Finding in High Dimensions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04548">arxiv:2205.04548</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nikhil Chandak, Kenny Chour, Sivakumar Rathinam, R. Ravi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We interleave sampling based motion planning methods with pruning ideas from minimum spanning tree algorithms to develop a new approach for solving a Multi-Goal Path Finding (MGPF) problem in high dimensional spaces. The approach alternates between sampling points from selected regions in the search space and de-emphasizing regions that may not lead to good solutions for MGPF. Our approach provides an asymptotic, 2-approximation guarantee for MGPF. We also present extensive numerical results to illustrate the advantages of our proposed approach over uniform sampling in terms of the quality of the solutions found and computation speed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Are Quantum Computers Practical Yet? A Case for Feature Selection in Recommender Systems using Tensor Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04490">arxiv:2205.04490</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Artyom Nikitin, Andrei Chertkov, Rafael Ballester-Ripoll, Ivan Oseledets, Evgeny Frolov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Collaborative filtering models generally perform better than content-based filtering models and do not require careful feature engineering. However, in the cold-start scenario collaborative information may be scarce or even unavailable, whereas the content information may be abundant, but also noisy and expensive to acquire. Thus, selection of particular features that improve cold-start recommendations becomes an important and non-trivial task. In the recent approach by Nembrini et al., the feature selection is driven by the correlational compatibility between collaborative and content-based models. The problem is formulated as a Quadratic Unconstrained Binary Optimization (QUBO) which, due to its NP-hard complexity, is solved using Quantum Annealing on a quantum computer provided by D-Wave. Inspired by the reported results, we contend the idea that current quantum annealers are superior for this problem and instead focus on classical algorithms. In particular, we tackle QUBO via TTOpt, a recently proposed black-box optimizer based on tensor networks and multilinear algebra. We show the computational feasibility of this method for large problems with thousands of features, and empirically demonstrate that the solutions found are comparable to the ones obtained with D-Wave across all examined datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Activating More Pixels in Image Super-Resolution Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04437">arxiv:2205.04437</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiangyu Chen, Xintao Wang, Jiantao Zhou, Chao Dong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transformer-based methods have shown impressive performance in low-level vision tasks, such as image super-resolution. However, we find that these networks can only utilize a limited spatial range of input information through attribution analysis. This implies that the potential of Transformer is still not fully exploited in existing networks. In order to activate more input pixels for reconstruction, we propose a novel Hybrid Attention Transformer (HAT). It combines channel attention and self-attention schemes, thus making use of their complementary advantages. Moreover, to better aggregate the cross-window information, we introduce an overlapping cross-attention module to enhance the interaction between neighboring window features. In the training stage, we additionally propose a same-task pre-training strategy to bring further improvement. Extensive experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed modules, and the overall method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by more than 1dB. Codes and models will be available at https://github.com/chxy95/HAT.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Measuring Domain Shift in Histopathological Stain Translation in an Unsupervised Manner</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04368">arxiv:2205.04368</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zeeshan Nisar, Jelica Vasiljevi, Pierre Ganarski, Thomas Lampert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Domain shift in digital histopathology can occur when different stains or scanners are used, during stain translation, etc. A deep neural network trained on source data may not generalise well to data that has undergone some domain shift. An important step towards being robust to domain shift is the ability to detect and measure it. This article demonstrates that the PixelCNN and domain shift metric can be used to detect and quantify domain shift in digital histopathology, and they demonstrate a strong correlation with generalisation performance. These findings pave the way for a mechanism to infer the average performance of a model (trained on source data) on unseen and unlabelled target data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Novel Augmented Reality Ultrasound Framework Using an RGB-D Camera and a 3D-printed Marker</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04350">arxiv:2205.04350</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yitian Zhou, Gatan Lelu, Boris Labb, Guillaume Pasquier, Pierre Le Gargasson, Albert Murienne, Laurent Launay</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Purpose. Ability to locate and track ultrasound images in the 3D operating space is of great benefit for multiple clinical applications. This is often accomplished by tracking the probe using a precise but expensive optical or electromagnetic tracking system. Our goal is to develop a simple and low cost augmented reality echography framework using a standard RGB-D Camera.
  Methods. A prototype system consisting of an Occipital Structure Core RGB-D camera, a specifically-designed 3D marker, and a fast point cloud registration algorithm FaVoR was developed and evaluated on an Ultrasonix ultrasound system. The probe was calibrated on a 3D-printed N-wire phantom using the software PLUS toolkit. The proposed calibration method is simplified, requiring no additional markers or sensors attached to the phantom. Also, a visualization software based on OpenGL was developed for the augmented reality application.
  Results. The calibrated probe was used to augment a real-world video in a simulated needle insertion scenario. The ultrasound images were rendered on the video, and visually-coherent results were observed. We evaluated the end-to-end accuracy of our AR US framework on localizing a cube of 5 cm size. From our two experiments, the target pose localization error ranges from 5.6 to 5.9 mm and from -3.9 to 4.2 degrees.
  Conclusion. We believe that with the potential democratization of RGB-D cameras integrated in mobile devices and AR glasses in the future, our prototype solution may facilitate the use of 3D freehand ultrasound in clinical routine. Future work should include a more rigorous and thorough evaluation, by comparing the calibration accuracy with those obtained by commercial tracking solutions in both simulated and real medical scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Protecting Data from all Parties: Combining FHE and DP in Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04330">arxiv:2205.04330</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Arnaud Grivet Sbert, Renaud Sirdey, Oana Stan, Cdric Gouy-Pailler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper tackles the problem of ensuring training data privacy in a federated learning context. Relying on Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE) and Differential Privacy (DP), we propose a secure framework addressing an extended threat model with respect to privacy of the training data. Notably, the proposed framework protects the privacy of the training data from all participants, namely the training data owners and an aggregating server. In details, while homomorphic encryption blinds a semi-honest server at learning stage, differential privacy protects the data from semi-honest clients participating in the training process as well as curious end-users with black-box or white-box access to the trained model. This paper provides with new theoretical and practical results to enable these techniques to be effectively combined. In particular, by means of a novel stochastic quantization operator, we prove differential privacy guarantees in a context where the noise is quantified and bounded due to the use of homomorphic encryption. The paper is concluded by experiments which show the practicality of the entire framework in spite of these interferences in terms of both model quality (impacted by DP) and computational overheads (impacted by FHE).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning A Simulation-based Visual Policy for Real-world Peg In Unseen Holes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04297">arxiv:2205.04297</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Liang Xie, Hongxiang Yu, Kechun Xu, Tong Yang, Minhang Wang, Haojian Lu, Rong Xiong, Yue Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes a learning-based visual peg-in-hole that enables training with several shapes in simulation, and adapting to arbitrary unseen shapes in real world with minimal sim-to-real cost. The core idea is to decouple the generalization of the sensory-motor policy to the design of a fast-adaptable perception module and a simulated generic policy module. The framework consists of a segmentation network (SN), a virtual sensor network (VSN), and a controller network (CN). Concretely, the VSN is trained to measure the pose of the unseen shape from a segmented image. After that, given the shape-agnostic pose measurement, the CN is trained to achieve generic peg-in-hole. Finally, when applying to real unseen holes, we only have to fine-tune the SN required by the simulated VSN+CN. To further minimize the transfer cost, we propose to automatically collect and annotate the data for the SN after one-minute human teaching. Simulated and real-world results are presented under the configurations of eye-to/in-hand. An electric vehicle charging system with the proposed policy inside achieves a 10/10 success rate in 2-3s, using only hundreds of auto-labeled samples for the SN transfer.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Re-thinking Knowledge Graph Completion Evaluation from an Information Retrieval Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04105">arxiv:2205.04105</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ying Zhou, Xuanang Chen, Ben He, Zheng Ye, Le Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge graph completion (KGC) aims to infer missing knowledge triples based on known facts in a knowledge graph. Current KGC research mostly follows an entity ranking protocol, wherein the effectiveness is measured by the predicted rank of a masked entity in a test triple. The overall performance is then given by a micro(-average) metric over all individual answer entities. Due to the incomplete nature of the large-scale knowledge bases, such an entity ranking setting is likely affected by unlabelled top-ranked positive examples, raising questions on whether the current evaluation protocol is sufficient to guarantee a fair comparison of KGC systems. To this end, this paper presents a systematic study on whether and how the label sparsity affects the current KGC evaluation with the popular micro metrics. Specifically, inspired by the TREC paradigm for large-scale information retrieval (IR) experimentation, we create a relatively "complete" judgment set based on a sample from the popular FB15k-237 dataset following the TREC pooling method. According to our analysis, it comes as a surprise that switching from the original labels to our "complete" labels results in a drastic change of system ranking of a variety of 13 popular KGC models in terms of micro metrics. Further investigation indicates that the IR-like macro(-average) metrics are more stable and discriminative under different settings, meanwhile, less affected by label sparsity. Thus, for KGC evaluation, we recommend conducting TREC-style pooling to balance between human efforts and label completeness, and reporting also the IR-like macro metrics to reflect the ranking nature of the KGC task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Learning of Rydberg Atom Array Phase Diagram with Siamese Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04051">arxiv:2205.04051</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zakaria Patel, Ejaaz Merali, Sebastian J. Wetzel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce an unsupervised machine learning method based on Siamese Neural Networks (SNN) to detect phase boundaries. This method is applied to Monte-Carlo simulations of Ising-type systems and Rydberg atom arrays. In both cases the SNN reveals phase boundaries consistent with prior research. The combination of leveraging the power of feed-forward neural networks, unsupervised learning and the ability to learn about multiple phases without knowing about their existence provides a powerful method to explore new and unknown phases of matter.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Masked Co-attentional Transformer reconstructs 100x ultra-fast/low-dose whole-body PET from longitudinal images and anatomically guided MRI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04044">arxiv:2205.04044</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p> Yan-Ran,  Wang, Liangqiong Qu, Natasha Diba Sheybani, Xiaolong Luo, Jiangshan Wang, Kristina Elizabeth Hawk, Ashok Joseph Theruvath, Sergios Gatidis, Xuerong Xiao, Allison Pribnow, Daniel Rubin, Heike E. Daldrup-Link</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite its tremendous value for the diagnosis, treatment monitoring and surveillance of children with cancer, whole body staging with positron emission tomography (PET) is time consuming and associated with considerable radiation exposure. 100x (1% of the standard clinical dosage) ultra-low-dose/ultra-fast whole-body PET reconstruction has the potential for cancer imaging with unprecedented speed and improved safety, but it cannot be achieved by the naive use of machine learning techniques. In this study, we utilize the global similarity between baseline and follow-up PET and magnetic resonance (MR) images to develop Masked-LMCTrans, a longitudinal multi-modality co-attentional CNN-Transformer that provides interaction and joint reasoning between serial PET/MRs of the same patient. We mask the tumor area in the referenced baseline PET and reconstruct the follow-up PET scans. In this manner, Masked-LMCTrans reconstructs 100x almost-zero radio-exposure whole-body PET that was not possible before. The technique also opens a new pathway for longitudinal radiology imaging reconstruction, a significantly under-explored area to date. Our model was trained and tested with Stanford PET/MRI scans of pediatric lymphoma patients and evaluated externally on PET/MRI images from Tbingen University. The high image quality of the reconstructed 100x whole-body PET images resulting from the application of Masked-LMCTrans will substantially advance the development of safer imaging approaches and shorter exam-durations for pediatric patients, as well as expand the possibilities for frequent longitudinal monitoring of these patients by PET.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Entropic CLT for Order Statistics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04621">arxiv:2205.04621</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Martina Cardone, Alex Dytso, Cynthia Rush</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It is well known that central order statistics exhibit a central limit behavior and converge to a Gaussian distribution as the sample size grows. This paper strengthens this known result by establishing an entropic version of the CLT that ensures a stronger mode of convergence using the relative entropy. In particular, an order $O(1/\sqrt{n})$ rate of convergence is established under mild conditions on the parent distribution of the sample generating the order statistics. To prove this result, ancillary results on order statistics are derived, which might be of independent interest.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhancing Cross-lingual Transfer by Manifold Mixup</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04182">arxiv:2205.04182</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Huiyun Yang, Huadong Chen, Hao Zhou, Lei Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Based on large-scale pre-trained multilingual representations, recent cross-lingual transfer methods have achieved impressive transfer performances. However, the performance of target languages still lags far behind the source language. In this paper, our analyses indicate such a performance gap is strongly associated with the cross-lingual representation discrepancy. To achieve better cross-lingual transfer performance, we propose the cross-lingual manifold mixup (X-Mixup) method, which adaptively calibrates the representation discrepancy and gives a compromised representation for target languages. Experiments on the XTREME benchmark show X-Mixup achieves 1.8% performance gains on multiple text understanding tasks, compared with strong baselines, and significantly reduces the cross-lingual representation discrepancy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Balanced Data Approach for Evaluating Cross-Lingual Transfer: Mapping the Linguistic Blood Bank</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04086">arxiv:2205.04086</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Dan Malkin, Tomasz Limisiewicz, Gabriel Stanovsky</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We show that the choice of pretraining languages affects downstream cross-lingual transfer for BERT-based models. We inspect zero-shot performance in balanced data conditions to mitigate data size confounds, classifying pretraining languages that improve downstream performance as donors, and languages that are improved in zero-shot performance as recipients. We develop a method of quadratic time complexity in the number of languages to estimate these relations, instead of an exponential exhaustive computation of all possible combinations. We find that our method is effective on a diverse set of languages spanning different linguistic features and two downstream tasks. Our findings can inform developers of large-scale multilingual language models in choosing better pretraining configurations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robustness of Humans and Machines on Object Recognition with Extreme Image Transformations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.05167">arxiv:2205.05167</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Dakarai Crowder, Girik Malik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent neural network architectures have claimed to explain data from the human visual cortex. Their demonstrated performance is however still limited by the dependence on exploiting low-level features for solving visual tasks. This strategy limits their performance in case of out-of-distribution/adversarial data. Humans, meanwhile learn abstract concepts and are mostly unaffected by even extreme image distortions. Humans and networks employ strikingly different strategies to solve visual tasks. To probe this, we introduce a novel set of image transforms and evaluate humans and networks on an object recognition task. We found performance for a few common networks quickly decreases while humans are able to recognize objects with a high accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spiking Neural Network Equalization for IM/DD Optical Communication</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.04263">arxiv:2205.04263</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Elias Arnold, Georg Bcherer, Eric Mller, Philipp Spilger, Johannes Schemmel, Stefano Calabr, Maxim Kuschnerov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A spiking neural network (SNN) equalizer model suitable for electronic neuromorphic hardware is designed for an IM/DD link. The SNN achieves the same bit-error-rate as an artificial neural network, outperforming linear equalization.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.05.08]({{ '/2022/05/08/2022.05.08.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.05.10]({{ '/2022/05/10/2022.05.10.html' | relative_url }})