Prev: [2022.01.19]({{ '/2022/01/19/2022.01.19.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.01.21]({{ '/2022/01/21/2022.01.21.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-01-20, created on 2022-01-30


<details><summary><b>Stitch it in Time: GAN-Based Facial Editing of Real Videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08361">arxiv:2201.08361</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1150 <br>
<p>Rotem Tzaban, Ron Mokady, Rinon Gal, Amit H. Bermano, Daniel Cohen-Or</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The ability of Generative Adversarial Networks to encode rich semantics within their latent space has been widely adopted for facial image editing. However, replicating their success with videos has proven challenging. Sets of high-quality facial videos are lacking, and working with videos introduces a fundamental barrier to overcome - temporal coherency. We propose that this barrier is largely artificial. The source video is already temporally coherent, and deviations from this state arise in part due to careless treatment of individual components in the editing pipeline. We leverage the natural alignment of StyleGAN and the tendency of neural networks to learn low frequency functions, and demonstrate that they provide a strongly consistent prior. We draw on these insights and propose a framework for semantic editing of faces in videos, demonstrating significant improvements over the current state-of-the-art. Our method produces meaningful face manipulations, maintains a higher degree of temporal consistency, and can be applied to challenging, high quality, talking head videos which current methods struggle with.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LaMDA: Language Models for Dialog Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08239">arxiv:2201.08239</a>
&#x1F4C8; 362 <br>
<p>Romal Thoppilan, Daniel De Freitas, Jamie Hall, Noam Shazeer, Apoorv Kulshreshtha, Heng-Tze Cheng, Alicia Jin, Taylor Bos, Leslie Baker, Yu Du, YaGuang Li, Hongrae Lee, Huaixiu Steven Zheng, Amin Ghafouri, Marcelo Menegali, Yanping Huang, Maxim Krikun, Dmitry Lepikhin, James Qin, Dehao Chen, Yuanzhong Xu, Zhifeng Chen, Adam Roberts, Maarten Bosma, Yanqi Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present LaMDA: Language Models for Dialog Applications. LaMDA is a family of Transformer-based neural language models specialized for dialog, which have up to 137B parameters and are pre-trained on 1.56T words of public dialog data and web text. While model scaling alone can improve quality, it shows less improvements on safety and factual grounding. We demonstrate that fine-tuning with annotated data and enabling the model to consult external knowledge sources can lead to significant improvements towards the two key challenges of safety and factual grounding. The first challenge, safety, involves ensuring that the model's responses are consistent with a set of human values, such as preventing harmful suggestions and unfair bias. We quantify safety using a metric based on an illustrative set of human values, and we find that filtering candidate responses using a LaMDA classifier fine-tuned with a small amount of crowdworker-annotated data offers a promising approach to improving model safety. The second challenge, factual grounding, involves enabling the model to consult external knowledge sources, such as an information retrieval system, a language translator, and a calculator. We quantify factuality using a groundedness metric, and we find that our approach enables the model to generate responses grounded in known sources, rather than responses that merely sound plausible. Finally, we explore the use of LaMDA in the domains of education and content recommendations, and analyze their helpfulness and role consistency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Omnivore: A Single Model for Many Visual Modalities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08377">arxiv:2201.08377</a>
&#x1F4C8; 105 <br>
<p>Rohit Girdhar, Mannat Singh, Nikhila Ravi, Laurens van der Maaten, Armand Joulin, Ishan Misra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prior work has studied different visual modalities in isolation and developed separate architectures for recognition of images, videos, and 3D data. Instead, in this paper, we propose a single model which excels at classifying images, videos, and single-view 3D data using exactly the same model parameters. Our 'Omnivore' model leverages the flexibility of transformer-based architectures and is trained jointly on classification tasks from different modalities. Omnivore is simple to train, uses off-the-shelf standard datasets, and performs at-par or better than modality-specific models of the same size. A single Omnivore model obtains 86.0% on ImageNet, 84.1% on Kinetics, and 67.1% on SUN RGB-D. After finetuning, our models outperform prior work on a variety of vision tasks and generalize across modalities. Omnivore's shared visual representation naturally enables cross-modal recognition without access to correspondences between modalities. We hope our results motivate researchers to model visual modalities together.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Kernel Methods and Multi-layer Perceptrons Learn Linear Models in High Dimensions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08082">arxiv:2201.08082</a>
&#x1F4C8; 71 <br>
<p>Mojtaba Sahraee-Ardakan, Melikasadat Emami, Parthe Pandit, Sundeep Rangan, Alyson K. Fletcher</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Empirical observation of high dimensional phenomena, such as the double descent behaviour, has attracted a lot of interest in understanding classical techniques such as kernel methods, and their implications to explain generalization properties of neural networks. Many recent works analyze such models in a certain high-dimensional regime where the covariates are independent and the number of samples and the number of covariates grow at a fixed ratio (i.e. proportional asymptotics). In this work we show that for a large class of kernels, including the neural tangent kernel of fully connected networks, kernel methods can only perform as well as linear models in this regime. More surprisingly, when the data is generated by a kernel model where the relationship between input and the response could be very nonlinear, we show that linear models are in fact optimal, i.e. linear models achieve the minimum risk among all models, linear or nonlinear. These results suggest that more complex models for the data other than independent features are needed for high-dimensional analysis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GAN-based Matrix Factorization for Recommender Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08042">arxiv:2201.08042</a>
&#x1F4C8; 65 <br>
<p>Ervin Dervishaj, Paolo Cremonesi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Proposed in 2014, Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) initiated a fresh interest in generative modelling. They immediately achieved state-of-the-art in image synthesis, image-to-image translation, text-to-image generation, image inpainting and have been used in sciences ranging from medicine to high-energy particle physics. Despite their popularity and ability to learn arbitrary distributions, GAN have not been widely applied in recommender systems (RS). Moreover, only few of the techniques that have introduced GAN in RS have employed them directly as a collaborative filtering (CF) model. In this work we propose a new GAN-based approach that learns user and item latent factors in a matrix factorization setting for the generic top-N recommendation problem. Following the vector-wise GAN training approach for RS introduced by CFGAN, we identify 2 unique issues when utilizing GAN for CF. We propose solutions for both of them by using an autoencoder as discriminator and incorporating an additional loss function for the generator. We evaluate our model, GANMF, through well-known datasets in the RS community and show improvements over traditional CF approaches and GAN-based models. Through an ablation study on the components of GANMF we aim to understand the effects of our architectural choices. Finally, we provide a qualitative evaluation of the matrix factorization performance of GANMF.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Network Quantization with AI Model Efficiency Toolkit (AIMET)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08442">arxiv:2201.08442</a>
&#x1F4C8; 28 <br>
<p>Sangeetha Siddegowda, Marios Fournarakis, Markus Nagel, Tijmen Blankevoort, Chirag Patel, Abhijit Khobare</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While neural networks have advanced the frontiers in many machine learning applications, they often come at a high computational cost. Reducing the power and latency of neural network inference is vital to integrating modern networks into edge devices with strict power and compute requirements. Neural network quantization is one of the most effective ways of achieving these savings, but the additional noise it induces can lead to accuracy degradation. In this white paper, we present an overview of neural network quantization using AI Model Efficiency Toolkit (AIMET). AIMET is a library of state-of-the-art quantization and compression algorithms designed to ease the effort required for model optimization and thus drive the broader AI ecosystem towards low latency and energy-efficient inference. AIMET provides users with the ability to simulate as well as optimize PyTorch and TensorFlow models. Specifically for quantization, AIMET includes various post-training quantization (PTQ, cf. chapter 4) and quantization-aware training (QAT, cf. chapter 5) techniques that guarantee near floating-point accuracy for 8-bit fixed-point inference. We provide a practical guide to quantization via AIMET by covering PTQ and QAT workflows, code examples and practical tips that enable users to efficiently and effectively quantize models using AIMET and reap the benefits of low-bit integer inference.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DROPO: Sim-to-Real Transfer with Offline Domain Randomization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08434">arxiv:2201.08434</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Gabriele Tiboni, Karol Arndt, Ville Kyrki</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, domain randomization has gained a lot of traction as a method for sim-to-real transfer of reinforcement learning policies in robotic manipulation; however, finding optimal randomization distributions can be difficult. In this paper, we introduce DROPO, a novel method for estimating domain randomization distributions for safe sim-to-real transfer. Unlike prior work, DROPO only requires a limited, precollected offline dataset of trajectories, and explicitly models parameter uncertainty to match real data. We demonstrate that DROPO is capable of recovering dynamic parameter distributions in simulation and finding a distribution capable of compensating for an unmodelled phenomenon. We also evaluate the method in two zero-shot sim-to-real transfer scenarios, showing successful domain transfer and improved performance over prior methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NNP/MM: Fast molecular dynamics simulations with machine learning potentials and molecular mechanics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08110">arxiv:2201.08110</a>
&#x1F4C8; 14 <br>
<p>Raimondas Galvelis, Alejandro Varela-Rial, Stefan Doerr, Roberto Fino, Peter Eastman, Thomas E. Markland, John D. Chodera, Gianni De Fabritiis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Parametric and non-parametric machine learning potentials have emerged recently as a way to improve the accuracy of bio-molecular simulations. Here, we present NNP/MM, an hybrid method integrating neural network potentials (NNPs) and molecular mechanics (MM). It allows to simulate a part of molecular system with NNP, while the rest is simulated with MM for efficiency. The method is currently available in ACEMD using OpenMM plugins to optimize the performance of NNPs. The achieved performance is slower but comparable to the state-of-the-art GPU-accelerated MM simulations. We validated NNP/MM by performing MD simulations of four protein-ligand complexes, where NNP is used for the intra-molecular interactions of a lignad and MM for the rest interactions. This shows that NNP can already replace MM for small molecules in protein-ligand simulations. The combined sampling of each complex is 1 microsecond, which are the longest simulations of NNP/MM ever reported. Finally, we have made the setup of the NNP/MM simulations simple and user-friendly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>End-to-end Generative Pretraining for Multimodal Video Captioning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08264">arxiv:2201.08264</a>
&#x1F4C8; 12 <br>
<p>Paul Hongsuck Seo, Arsha Nagrani, Anurag Arnab, Cordelia Schmid</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent video and language pretraining frameworks lack the ability to generate sentences. We present Multimodal Video Generative Pretraining (MV-GPT), a new pretraining framework for learning from unlabelled videos which can be effectively used for generative tasks such as multimodal video captioning. Unlike recent video-language pretraining frameworks, our framework trains both a multimodal video encoder and a sentence decoder jointly. To overcome the lack of captions in unlabelled videos, we leverage the future utterance as an additional text source and propose a bidirectional generation objective -- we generate future utterances given the present mulitmodal context, and also the present utterance given future observations. With this objective, we train an encoder-decoder model end-to-end to generate a caption from raw pixels and transcribed speech directly. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance for multimodal video captioning on four standard benchmarks, as well as for other video understanding tasks such as VideoQA, video retrieval and action classification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lead-lag detection and network clustering for multivariate time series with an application to the US equity market</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08283">arxiv:2201.08283</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Stefanos Bennett, Mihai Cucuringu, Gesine Reinert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In multivariate time series systems, it has been observed that certain groups of variables partially lead the evolution of the system, while other variables follow this evolution with a time delay; the result is a lead-lag structure amongst the time series variables. In this paper, we propose a method for the detection of lead-lag clusters of time series in multivariate systems. We demonstrate that the web of pairwise lead-lag relationships between time series can be helpfully construed as a directed network, for which there exist suitable algorithms for the detection of pairs of lead-lag clusters with high pairwise imbalance. Within our framework, we consider a number of choices for the pairwise lead-lag metric and directed network clustering components. Our framework is validated on both a synthetic generative model for multivariate lead-lag time series systems and daily real-world US equity prices data. We showcase that our method is able to detect statistically significant lead-lag clusters in the US equity market. We study the nature of these clusters in the context of the empirical finance literature on lead-lag relations and demonstrate how these can be used for the construction of predictive financial signals.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>"Project smells" -- Experiences in Analysing the Software Quality of ML Projects with mllint</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08246">arxiv:2201.08246</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Bart van Oort, Luís Cruz, Babak Loni, Arie van Deursen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine Learning (ML) projects incur novel challenges in their development and productionisation over traditional software applications, though established principles and best practices in ensuring the project's software quality still apply. While using static analysis to catch code smells has been shown to improve software quality attributes, it is only a small piece of the software quality puzzle, especially in the case of ML projects given their additional challenges and lower degree of Software Engineering (SE) experience in the data scientists that develop them. We introduce the novel concept of project smells which consider deficits in project management as a more holistic perspective on software quality in ML projects. An open-source static analysis tool mllint was also implemented to help detect and mitigate these. Our research evaluates this novel concept of project smells in the industrial context of ING, a global bank and large software- and data-intensive organisation. We also investigate the perceived importance of these project smells for proof-of-concept versus production-ready ML projects, as well as the perceived obstructions and benefits to using static analysis tools such as mllint. Our findings indicate a need for context-aware static analysis tools, that fit the needs of the project at its current stage of development, while requiring minimal configuration effort from the user.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Knowledge Graph Question Answering Leaderboard: A Community Resource to Prevent a Replication Crisis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08174">arxiv:2201.08174</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Aleksandr Perevalov, Xi Yan, Liubov Kovriguina, Longquan Jiang, Andreas Both, Ricardo Usbeck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data-driven systems need to be evaluated to establish trust in the scientific approach and its applicability. In particular, this is true for Knowledge Graph (KG) Question Answering (QA), where complex data structures are made accessible via natural-language interfaces. Evaluating the capabilities of these systems has been a driver for the community for more than ten years while establishing different KGQA benchmark datasets. However, comparing different approaches is cumbersome. The lack of existing and curated leaderboards leads to a missing global view over the research field and could inject mistrust into the results. In particular, the latest and most-used datasets in the KGQA community, LC-QuAD and QALD, miss providing central and up-to-date points of trust. In this paper, we survey and analyze a wide range of evaluation results with significant coverage of 100 publications and 98 systems from the last decade. We provide a new central and open leaderboard for any KGQA benchmark dataset as a focal point for the community - https://kgqa.github.io/leaderboard. Our analysis highlights existing problems during the evaluation of KGQA systems. Thus, we will point to possible improvements for future evaluations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physically Embodied Deep Image Optimisation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08142">arxiv:2201.08142</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Daniela Mihai, Jonathon Hare</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Physical sketches are created by learning programs to control a drawing robot. A differentiable rasteriser is used to optimise sets of drawing strokes to match an input image, using deep networks to provide an encoding for which we can compute a loss. The optimised drawing primitives can then be translated into G-code commands which command a robot to draw the image using drawing instruments such as pens and pencils on a physical support medium.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-Lingual Text-to-Speech Using Multi-Task Learning and Speaker Classifier Joint Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08124">arxiv:2201.08124</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>J. Yang, Lei He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In cross-lingual speech synthesis, the speech in various languages can be synthesized for a monoglot speaker. Normally, only the data of monoglot speakers are available for model training, thus the speaker similarity is relatively low between the synthesized cross-lingual speech and the native language recordings. Based on the multilingual transformer text-to-speech model, this paper studies a multi-task learning framework to improve the cross-lingual speaker similarity. To further improve the speaker similarity, joint training with a speaker classifier is proposed. Here, a scheme similar to parallel scheduled sampling is proposed to train the transformer model efficiently to avoid breaking the parallel training mechanism when introducing joint training. By using multi-task learning and speaker classifier joint training, in subjective and objective evaluations, the cross-lingual speaker similarity can be consistently improved for both the seen and unseen speakers in the training set.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable Sampling for Nonsymmetric Determinantal Point Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08417">arxiv:2201.08417</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Insu Han, Mike Gartrell, Jennifer Gillenwater, Elvis Dohmatob, Amin Karbasi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A determinantal point process (DPP) on a collection of $M$ items is a model, parameterized by a symmetric kernel matrix, that assigns a probability to every subset of those items. Recent work shows that removing the kernel symmetry constraint, yielding nonsymmetric DPPs (NDPPs), can lead to significant predictive performance gains for machine learning applications. However, existing work leaves open the question of scalable NDPP sampling. There is only one known DPP sampling algorithm, based on Cholesky decomposition, that can directly apply to NDPPs as well. Unfortunately, its runtime is cubic in $M$, and thus does not scale to large item collections. In this work, we first note that this algorithm can be transformed into a linear-time one for kernels with low-rank structure. Furthermore, we develop a scalable sublinear-time rejection sampling algorithm by constructing a novel proposal distribution. Additionally, we show that imposing certain structural constraints on the NDPP kernel enables us to bound the rejection rate in a way that depends only on the kernel rank. In our experiments we compare the speed of all of these samplers for a variety of real-world tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Elements of Temporal Sentence Grounding in Videos: A Survey and Future Directions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08071">arxiv:2201.08071</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Hao Zhang, Aixin Sun, Wei Jing, Joey Tianyi Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Temporal sentence grounding in videos (TSGV), a.k.a., natural language video localization (NLVL) or video moment retrieval (VMR), aims to retrieve a temporal moment that semantically corresponds to a language query from an untrimmed video. Connecting computer vision and natural language, TSGV has drawn significant attention from researchers in both communities. This survey attempts to provide a summary of fundamental concepts in TSGV and current research status, as well as future research directions. As the background, we present a common structure of functional components in TSGV, in a tutorial style: from feature extraction from raw video and language query, to answer prediction of the target moment. Then we review the techniques for multimodal understanding and interaction, which is the key focus of TSGV for effective alignment between the two modalities. We construct a taxonomy of TSGV techniques and elaborate methods in different categories with their strengths and weaknesses. Lastly, we discuss issues with the current TSGV research and share our insights about promising research directions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Two-Step Hybrid Policy for Graph-Based Interpretable Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08520">arxiv:2201.08520</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Tongzhou Mu, Kaixiang Lin, Feiyang Niu, Govind Thattai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a two-step hybrid reinforcement learning (RL) policy that is designed to generate interpretable and robust hierarchical policies on the RL problem with graph-based input. Unlike prior deep reinforcement learning policies parameterized by an end-to-end black-box graph neural network, our approach disentangles the decision-making process into two steps. The first step is a simplified classification problem that maps the graph input to an action group where all actions share a similar semantic meaning. The second step implements a sophisticated rule-miner that conducts explicit one-hop reasoning over the graph and identifies decisive edges in the graph input without the necessity of heavy domain knowledge. This two-step hybrid policy presents human-friendly interpretations and achieves better performance in terms of generalization and robustness. Extensive experimental studies on four levels of complex text-based games have demonstrated the superiority of the proposed method compared to the state-of-the-art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Survey on Federated Learning Threats: concepts, taxonomy on attacks and defences, experimental study and challenges</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08135">arxiv:2201.08135</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Nuria Rodríguez-Barroso, Daniel Jiménez López, M. Victoria Luzón, Francisco Herrera, Eugenio Martínez-Cámara</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning is a machine learning paradigm that emerges as a solution to the privacy-preservation demands in artificial intelligence. As machine learning, federated learning is threatened by adversarial attacks against the integrity of the learning model and the privacy of data via a distributed approach to tackle local and global learning. This weak point is exacerbated by the inaccessibility of data in federated learning, which makes harder the protection against adversarial attacks and evidences the need to furtherance the research on defence methods to make federated learning a real solution for safeguarding data privacy. In this paper, we present an extensive review of the threats of federated learning, as well as as their corresponding countermeasures, attacks versus defences. This survey provides a taxonomy of adversarial attacks and a taxonomy of defence methods that depict a general picture of this vulnerability of federated learning and how to overcome it. Likewise, we expound guidelines for selecting the most adequate defence method according to the category of the adversarial attack. Besides, we carry out an extensive experimental study from which we draw further conclusions about the behaviour of attacks and defences and the guidelines for selecting the most adequate defence method according to the category of the adversarial attack. This study is finished leading to meditated learned lessons and challenges.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Can Machines Generate Personalized Music? A Hybrid Favorite-aware Method for User Preference Music Transfer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08526">arxiv:2201.08526</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Zhejing Hu, Yan Liu, Gong Chen, Yongxu Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** User preference music transfer (UPMT) is a new problem in music style transfer that can be applied to many scenarios but remains understudied.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Learning with Heterogeneous Architectures using Graph HyperNetworks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08459">arxiv:2201.08459</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Or Litany, Haggai Maron, David Acuna, Jan Kautz, Gal Chechik, Sanja Fidler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Standard Federated Learning (FL) techniques are limited to clients with identical network architectures. This restricts potential use-cases like cross-platform training or inter-organizational collaboration when both data privacy and architectural proprietary are required. We propose a new FL framework that accommodates heterogeneous client architecture by adopting a graph hypernetwork for parameter sharing. A property of the graph hyper network is that it can adapt to various computational graphs, thereby allowing meaningful parameter sharing across models. Unlike existing solutions, our framework does not limit the clients to share the same architecture type, makes no use of external data and does not require clients to disclose their model architecture. Compared with distillation-based and non-graph hypernetwork baselines, our method performs notably better on standard benchmarks. We additionally show encouraging generalization performance to unseen architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Long Short-Term Memory Neural Network for Financial Time Series</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08218">arxiv:2201.08218</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Carmina Fjellström</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Performance forecasting is an age-old problem in economics and finance. Recently, developments in machine learning and neural networks have given rise to non-linear time series models that provide modern and promising alternatives to traditional methods of analysis. In this paper, we present an ensemble of independent and parallel long short-term memory (LSTM) neural networks for the prediction of stock price movement. LSTMs have been shown to be especially suited for time series data due to their ability to incorporate past information, while neural network ensembles have been found to reduce variability in results and improve generalization. A binary classification problem based on the median of returns is used, and the ensemble's forecast depends on a threshold value, which is the minimum number of LSTMs required to agree upon the result. The model is applied to the constituents of the smaller, less efficient Stockholm OMX30 instead of other major market indices such as the DJIA and S&P500 commonly found in literature. With a straightforward trading strategy, comparisons with a randomly chosen portfolio and a portfolio containing all the stocks in the index show that the portfolio resulting from the LSTM ensemble provides better average daily returns and higher cumulative returns over time. Moreover, the LSTM portfolio also exhibits less volatility, leading to higher risk-return ratios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Systematic Analysis on the Impact of Contextual Information on Point-of-Interest Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08150">arxiv:2201.08150</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Hossein A. Rahmani, Mohammad Aliannejadi, Mitra Baratchi, Fabio Crestani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As the popularity of Location-based Social Networks (LBSNs) increases, designing accurate models for Point-of-Interest (POI) recommendation receives more attention. POI recommendation is often performed by incorporating contextual information into previously designed recommendation algorithms. Some of the major contextual information that has been considered in POI recommendation are the location attributes (i.e., exact coordinates of a location, category, and check-in time), the user attributes (i.e., comments, reviews, tips, and check-in made to the locations), and other information, such as the distance of the POI from user's main activity location, and the social tie between users. The right selection of such factors can significantly impact the performance of the POI recommendation. However, previous research does not consider the impact of the combination of these different factors. In this paper, we propose different contextual models and analyze the fusion of different major contextual information in POI recommendation. The major contributions of this paper are: (i) providing an extensive survey of context-aware location recommendation (ii) quantifying and analyzing the impact of different contextual information (e.g., social, temporal, spatial, and categorical) in the POI recommendation on available baselines and two new linear and non-linear models, that can incorporate all the major contextual information into a single recommendation model, and (iii) evaluating the considered models using two well-known real-world datasets. Our results indicate that while modeling geographical and temporal influences can improve recommendation quality, fusing all other contextual information into a recommendation model is not always the best strategy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DRTCI: Learning Disentangled Representations for Temporal Causal Inference</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08137">arxiv:2201.08137</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Garima Gupta, Lovekesh Vig, Gautam Shroff</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Medical professionals evaluating alternative treatment plans for a patient often encounter time varying confounders, or covariates that affect both the future treatment assignment and the patient outcome. The recently proposed Counterfactual Recurrent Network (CRN) accounts for time varying confounders by using adversarial training to balance recurrent historical representations of patient data. However, this work assumes that all time varying covariates are confounding and thus attempts to balance the full state representation. Given that the actual subset of covariates that may in fact be confounding is in general unknown, recent work on counterfactual evaluation in the static, non-temporal setting has suggested that disentangling the covariate representation into separate factors, where each either influence treatment selection, patient outcome or both can help isolate selection bias and restrict balancing efforts to factors that influence outcome, allowing the remaining factors which predict treatment without needlessly being balanced.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Priors, Hierarchy, and Information Asymmetry for Skill Transfer in Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08115">arxiv:2201.08115</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Sasha Salter, Kristian Hartikainen, Walter Goodwin, Ingmar Posner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The ability to discover behaviours from past experience and transfer them to new tasks is a hallmark of intelligent agents acting sample-efficiently in the real world. Equipping embodied reinforcement learners with the same ability may be crucial for their successful deployment in robotics. While hierarchical and KL-regularized RL individually hold promise here, arguably a hybrid approach could combine their respective benefits. Key to these fields is the use of information asymmetry to bias which skills are learnt. While asymmetric choice has a large influence on transferability, prior works have explored a narrow range of asymmetries, primarily motivated by intuition. In this paper, we theoretically and empirically show the crucial trade-off, controlled by information asymmetry, between the expressivity and transferability of skills across sequential tasks. Given this insight, we provide a principled approach towards choosing asymmetry and apply our approach to a complex, robotic block stacking domain, unsolvable by baselines, demonstrating the effectiveness of hierarchical KL-regularized RL, coupled with correct asymmetric choice, for sample-efficient transfer learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lensing Machines: Representing Perspective in Latent Variable Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08848">arxiv:2201.08848</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Karthik Dinakar, Henry Lieberman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many datasets represent a combination of different ways of looking at the same data that lead to different generalizations. For example, a corpus with examples generated by different people may be mixtures of many perspectives and can be viewed with different perspectives by others. It isnt always possible to represent the viewpoints by a clean separation, in advance, of examples representing each viewpoint and train a separate model for each viewpoint. We introduce lensing, a mixed initiative technique to extract lenses or mappings between machine learned representations and perspectives of human experts, and to generate lensed models that afford multiple perspectives of the same dataset. We apply lensing for two classes of latent variable models: a mixed membership model, a matrix factorization model in the context of two mental health applications, and we capture and imbue the perspectives of clinical psychologists into these models. Our work shows the benefits of the machine learning practitioner formally incorporating the perspective of a knowledgeable domain expert into their models rather than estimating unlensed models themselves in isolation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimal variance-reduced stochastic approximation in Banach spaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08518">arxiv:2201.08518</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Wenlong Mou, Koulik Khamaru, Martin J. Wainwright, Peter L. Bartlett, Michael I. Jordan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of estimating the fixed point of a contractive operator defined on a separable Banach space. Focusing on a stochastic query model that provides noisy evaluations of the operator, we analyze a variance-reduced stochastic approximation scheme, and establish non-asymptotic bounds for both the operator defect and the estimation error, measured in an arbitrary semi-norm. In contrast to worst-case guarantees, our bounds are instance-dependent, and achieve the local asymptotic minimax risk non-asymptotically. For linear operators, contractivity can be relaxed to multi-step contractivity, so that the theory can be applied to problems like average reward policy evaluation problem in reinforcement learning. We illustrate the theory via applications to stochastic shortest path problems, two-player zero-sum Markov games, as well as policy evaluation and $Q$-learning for tabular Markov decision processes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Visual Analytics Approach to Building Logistic Regression Models and its Application to Health Records</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08429">arxiv:2201.08429</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Erasmo Artur, Rosane Minghim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multidimensional data analysis has become increasingly important in many fields, mainly due to current vast data availability and the increasing demand to extract knowledge from it. In most applications, the role of the final user is crucial to build proper machine learning models and to explain the patterns found in data. In this paper, we present an open unified approach for generating, evaluating, and applying regression models in high-dimensional data sets within a user-guided process. The approach is based on exposing a broad correlation panorama for attributes, by which the user can select relevant attributes to build and evaluate prediction models for one or more contexts. We name the approach UCReg (User-Centered Regression). We demonstrate effectiveness and efficiency of UCReg through the application of our framework to the analysis of Covid-19 and other synthetic and real health records data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>WPPNets: Unsupervised CNN Training with Wasserstein Patch Priors for Image Superresolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08157">arxiv:2201.08157</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Fabian Altekrüger, Johannes Hertrich</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce WPPNets, which are CNNs trained by a new unsupervised loss function for image superresolution of materials microstructures. Instead of requiring access to a large database of registered high- and low-resolution images, we only assume to know a large database of low resolution images, the forward operator and one high-resolution reference image. Then, we propose a loss function based on the Wasserstein patch prior which measures the Wasserstein-2 distance between the patch distributions of the predictions and the reference image. We demonstrate by numerical examples that WPPNets outperform other methods with similar assumptions. In particular, we show that WPPNets are much more stable under inaccurate knowledge or perturbations of the forward operator. This enables us to use them in real-world applications, where neither a large database of registered data nor the exact forward operator are given.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Instance-Dependent Confidence and Early Stopping for Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08536">arxiv:2201.08536</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Koulik Khamaru, Eric Xia, Martin J. Wainwright, Michael I. Jordan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Various algorithms for reinforcement learning (RL) exhibit dramatic variation in their convergence rates as a function of problem structure. Such problem-dependent behavior is not captured by worst-case analyses and has accordingly inspired a growing effort in obtaining instance-dependent guarantees and deriving instance-optimal algorithms for RL problems. This research has been carried out, however, primarily within the confines of theory, providing guarantees that explain \textit{ex post} the performance differences observed. A natural next step is to convert these theoretical guarantees into guidelines that are useful in practice. We address the problem of obtaining sharp instance-dependent confidence regions for the policy evaluation problem and the optimal value estimation problem of an MDP, given access to an instance-optimal algorithm. As a consequence, we propose a data-dependent stopping rule for instance-optimal algorithms. The proposed stopping rule adapts to the instance-specific difficulty of the problem and allows for early termination for problems with favorable structure.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Signature Entrenchment and Conceptual Changes in Automated Theory Repair</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08340">arxiv:2201.08340</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Xue Li, Alan Bundy, Eugene Philalithis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human beliefs change, but so do the concepts that underpin them. The recent Abduction, Belief Revision and Conceptual Change (ABC) repair system combines several methods from automated theory repair to expand, contract, or reform logical structures representing conceptual knowledge in artificial agents. In this paper we focus on conceptual change: repair not only of the membership of logical concepts, such as what animals can fly, but also concepts themselves, such that birds may be divided into flightless and flying birds, by changing the signature of the logical theory used to represent them. We offer a method for automatically evaluating entrenchment in the signature of a Datalog theory, in order to constrain automated theory repair to succinct and intuitive outcomes. Formally, signature entrenchment measures the inferential contributions of every logical language element used to express conceptual knowledge, i.e., predicates and the arguments, ranking possible repairs to retain valuable logical concepts and reject redundant or implausible alternatives. This quantitative measurement of signature entrenchment offers a guide to the plausibility of conceptual changes, which we aim to contrast with human judgements of concept entrenchment in future work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lifelong Learning Metrics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08278">arxiv:2201.08278</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Alexander New, Megan Baker, Eric Nguyen, Gautam Vallabha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The DARPA Lifelong Learning Machines (L2M) program seeks to yield advances in artificial intelligence (AI) systems so that they are capable of learning (and improving) continuously, leveraging data on one task to improve performance on another, and doing so in a computationally sustainable way. Performers on this program developed systems capable of performing a diverse range of functions, including autonomous driving, real-time strategy, and drone simulation. These systems featured a diverse range of characteristics (e.g., task structure, lifetime duration), and an immediate challenge faced by the program's testing and evaluation team was measuring system performance across these different settings. This document, developed in close collaboration with DARPA and the program performers, outlines a formalism for constructing and characterizing the performance of agents performing lifelong learning scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Real-time Rendering for Integral Imaging Light Field Displays Based on a Voxel-Pixel Lookup Table</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08266">arxiv:2201.08266</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Quanzhen Wan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A real-time elemental image array (EIA) generation method which does not sacrifice accuracy nor rely on high-performance hardware is developed, through raytracing and pre-stored voxel-pixel lookup table (LUT). Benefiting from both offline and online working flow, experiments verified the effectiveness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cognitive Ledger Project: Towards Building Personal Digital Twins Through Cognitive Blockchain</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08163">arxiv:2201.08163</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Amir Reza Asadi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Cognitive Ledger Project is an effort to develop a modular system for turning users' personal data into structured information and machine learning models based on a blockchain-based infrastructure. In this work-in-progress paper, we propose a cognitive architecture for cognitive digital twins. The suggested design embraces a cognitive blockchain (Cognitive ledger) at its core. The architecture includes several modules that turn users' activities in the digital environment into reusable knowledge objects and artificial intelligence that one day can work together to form the cognitive digital twin of users.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TerViT: An Efficient Ternary Vision Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08050">arxiv:2201.08050</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Sheng Xu, Yanjing Li, Teli Ma, Bohan Zeng, Baochang Zhang, Peng Gao, Jinhu Lv</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Vision transformers (ViTs) have demonstrated great potential in various visual tasks, but suffer from expensive computational and memory cost problems when deployed on resource-constrained devices. In this paper, we introduce a ternary vision transformer (TerViT) to ternarize the weights in ViTs, which are challenged by the large loss surface gap between real-valued and ternary parameters. To address the issue, we introduce a progressive training scheme by first training 8-bit transformers and then TerViT, and achieve a better optimization than conventional methods. Furthermore, we introduce channel-wise ternarization, by partitioning each matrix to different channels, each of which is with an unique distribution and ternarization interval. We apply our methods to popular DeiT and Swin backbones, and extensive results show that we can achieve competitive performance. For example, TerViT can quantize Swin-S to 13.1MB model size while achieving above 79% Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physical Activity Recognition by Utilising Smartphone Sensor Signals</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08688">arxiv:2201.08688</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Abdulrahman Alruban, Hind Alobaidi, Nathan Clarke' Fudong Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human physical motion activity identification has many potential applications in various fields, such as medical diagnosis, military sensing, sports analysis, and human-computer security interaction. With the recent advances in smartphones and wearable technologies, it has become common for such devices to have embedded motion sensors that are able to sense even small body movements. This study collected human activity data from 60 participants across two different days for a total of six activities recorded by gyroscope and accelerometer sensors in a modern smartphone. The paper investigates to what extent different activities can be identified by utilising machine learning algorithms using approaches such as majority algorithmic voting. More analyses are also provided that reveal which time and frequency domain based features were best able to identify individuals motion activity types. Overall, the proposed approach achieved a classification accuracy of 98 percent in identifying four different activities: walking, walking upstairs, walking downstairs, and sitting while the subject is calm and doing a typical desk-based activity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Vertical Federated Edge Learning with Distributed Integrated Sensing and Communication</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08512">arxiv:2201.08512</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Peixi Liu, Guangxu Zhu, Wei Jiang, Wu Luo, Jie Xu, Shuguang Cui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This letter studies a vertical federated edge learning (FEEL) system for collaborative objects/human motion recognition by exploiting the distributed integrated sensing and communication (ISAC). In this system, distributed edge devices first send wireless signals to sense targeted objects/human, and then exchange intermediate computed vectors (instead of raw sensing data) for collaborative recognition while preserving data privacy. To boost the spectrum and hardware utilization efficiency for FEEL, we exploit ISAC for both target sensing and data exchange, by employing dedicated frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW) signals at each edge device. Under this setup, we propose a vertical FEEL framework for realizing the recognition based on the collected multi-view wireless sensing data. In this framework, each edge device owns an individual local L-model to transform its sensing data into an intermediate vector with relatively low dimensions, which is then transmitted to a coordinating edge device for final output via a common downstream S-model. By considering a human motion recognition task, experimental results show that our vertical FEEL based approach achieves recognition accuracy up to 98\% with an improvement up to 8\% compared to the benchmarks, including on-device training and horizontal FEEL.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep reinforcement learning under signal temporal logic constraints using Lagrangian relaxation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08504">arxiv:2201.08504</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Junya Ikemoto, Toshimitsu Ushio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) has attracted much attention as an approach to solve sequential decision making problems without mathematical models of systems or environments. In general, a constraint may be imposed on the decision making. In this study, we consider the optimal decision making problems with constraints to complete temporal high-level tasks in the continuous state-action domain. We describe the constraints using signal temporal logic (STL), which is useful for time sensitive control tasks since it can specify continuous signals within a bounded time interval. To deal with the STL constraints, we introduce an extended constrained Markov decision process (CMDP), which is called a $τ$-CMDP. We formulate the STL constrained optimal decision making problem as the $τ$-CMDP and propose a two-phase constrained DRL algorithm using the Lagrangian relaxation method. Through simulations, we also demonstrate the learning performance of the proposed algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Empirical Investigation of Model-to-Model Distribution Shifts in Trained Convolutional Filters</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08465">arxiv:2201.08465</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Paul Gavrikov, Janis Keuper</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present first empirical results from our ongoing investigation of distribution shifts in image data used for various computer vision tasks. Instead of analyzing the original training and test data, we propose to study shifts in the learned weights of trained models. In this work, we focus on the properties of the distributions of dominantly used 3x3 convolution filter kernels. We collected and publicly provide a data set with over half a billion filters from hundreds of trained CNNs, using a wide range of data sets, architectures, and vision tasks. Our analysis shows interesting distribution shifts (or the lack thereof) between trained filters along different axes of meta-parameters, like data type, task, architecture, or layer depth. We argue, that the observed properties are a valuable source for further investigation into a better understanding of the impact of shifts in the input data to the generalization abilities of CNN models and novel methods for more robust transfer-learning in this domain. Data available at: https://github.com/paulgavrikov/CNN-Filter-DB/.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unicorn: Reasoning about Configurable System Performance through the lens of Causality</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08413">arxiv:2201.08413</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Md Shahriar Iqbal, Rahul Krishna, Mohammad Ali Javidian, Baishakhi Ray, Pooyan Jamshidi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern computer systems are highly configurable, with the variability space sometimes larger than the number of atoms in the universe. Understanding and reasoning about the performance behavior of highly configurable systems, due to a vast variability space, is challenging. State-of-the-art methods for performance modeling and analyses rely on predictive machine learning models, therefore, they become (i) unreliable in unseen environments (e.g., different hardware, workloads), and (ii) produce incorrect explanations. To this end, we propose a new method, called Unicorn, which (a) captures intricate interactions between configuration options across the software-hardware stack and (b) describes how such interactions impact performance variations via causal inference. We evaluated Unicorn on six highly configurable systems, including three on-device machine learning systems, a video encoder, a database management system, and a data analytics pipeline. The experimental results indicate that Unicorn outperforms state-of-the-art performance optimization and debugging methods. Furthermore, unlike the existing methods, the learned causal performance models reliably predict performance for new environments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physics-informed neural networks for modeling rate- and temperature-dependent plasticity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08363">arxiv:2201.08363</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Rajat Arora, Pratik Kakkar, Biswadip Dey, Amit Chakraborty</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work presents a physics-informed neural network based framework to model the strain-rate and temperature dependence of the deformation fields (displacement, stress, plastic strain) in elastic-viscoplastic solids. A detailed discussion on the construction of the physics-based loss criterion along with a brief outline on ways to avoid unbalanced back-propagated gradients during training is also presented. We also present a simple strategy with no added computational complexity for choosing scalar weights that balance the interplay between different terms in the composite loss. Moreover, we also highlight a fundamental challenge involving selection of appropriate model outputs so that the mechanical problem can be faithfully solved using neural networks. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed framework is demonstrated by studying two test problems modeling the elastic-viscoplastic deformation in solids at different strain-rates and temperatures, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predictive Inference with Weak Supervision</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08315">arxiv:2201.08315</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Maxime Cauchois, Suyash Gupta, Alnur Ali, John Duchi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The expense of acquiring labels in large-scale statistical machine learning makes partially and weakly-labeled data attractive, though it is not always apparent how to leverage such data for model fitting or validation. We present a methodology to bridge the gap between partial supervision and validation, developing a conformal prediction framework to provide valid predictive confidence sets -- sets that cover a true label with a prescribed probability, independent of the underlying distribution -- using weakly labeled data. To do so, we introduce a (necessary) new notion of coverage and predictive validity, then develop several application scenarios, providing efficient algorithms for classification and several large-scale structured prediction problems. We corroborate the hypothesis that the new coverage definition allows for tighter and more informative (but valid) confidence sets through several experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>From Psychological Curiosity to Artificial Curiosity: Curiosity-Driven Learning in Artificial Intelligence Tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08300">arxiv:2201.08300</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Chenyu Sun, Hangwei Qian, Chunyan Miao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Psychological curiosity plays a significant role in human intelligence to enhance learning through exploration and information acquisition. In the Artificial Intelligence (AI) community, artificial curiosity provides a natural intrinsic motivation for efficient learning as inspired by human cognitive development; meanwhile, it can bridge the existing gap between AI research and practical application scenarios, such as overfitting, poor generalization, limited training samples, high computational cost, etc. As a result, curiosity-driven learning (CDL) has become increasingly popular, where agents are self-motivated to learn novel knowledge. In this paper, we first present a comprehensive review on the psychological study of curiosity and summarize a unified framework for quantifying curiosity as well as its arousal mechanism. Based on the psychological principle, we further survey the literature of existing CDL methods in the fields of Reinforcement Learning, Recommendation, and Classification, where both advantages and disadvantages as well as future work are discussed. As a result, this work provides fruitful insights for future CDL research and yield possible directions for further improvement.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-agent Covering Option Discovery based on Kronecker Product of Factor Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08227">arxiv:2201.08227</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jiayu Chen, Jingdi Chen, Tian Lan, Vaneet Aggarwal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Covering option discovery has been developed to improve the exploration of reinforcement learning in single-agent scenarios with sparse reward signals, through connecting the most distant states in the embedding space provided by the Fiedler vector of the state transition graph. However, these option discovery methods cannot be directly extended to multi-agent scenarios, since the joint state space grows exponentially with the number of agents in the system. Thus, existing researches on adopting options in multi-agent scenarios still rely on single-agent option discovery and fail to directly discover the joint options that can improve the connectivity of the joint state space of agents. In this paper, we show that it is indeed possible to directly compute multi-agent options with collaborative exploratory behaviors among the agents, while still enjoying the ease of decomposition. Our key idea is to approximate the joint state space as a Kronecker graph -- the Kronecker product of individual agents' state transition graphs, based on which we can directly estimate the Fiedler vector of the joint state space using the Laplacian spectrum of individual agents' transition graphs. This decomposition enables us to efficiently construct multi-agent joint options by encouraging agents to connect the sub-goal joint states which are corresponding to the minimum or maximum values of the estimated joint Fiedler vector. The evaluation based on multi-agent collaborative tasks shows that the proposed algorithm can successfully identify multi-agent options, and significantly outperforms prior works using single-agent options or no options, in terms of both faster exploration and higher cumulative rewards.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning-based Hybrid Local Search for the Hard-label Textual Attack</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08193">arxiv:2201.08193</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhen Yu, Xiaosen Wang, Wanxiang Che, Kun He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples in Natural Language Processing. However, existing textual adversarial attacks usually utilize the gradient or prediction confidence to generate adversarial examples, making it hard to be deployed in real-world applications. To this end, we consider a rarely investigated but more rigorous setting, namely hard-label attack, in which the attacker could only access the prediction label. In particular, we find that the changes on prediction label caused by word substitutions on the adversarial example could precisely reflect the importance of different words. Based on this observation, we propose a novel hard-label attack, called Learning-based Hybrid Local Search (LHLS) algorithm, which effectively estimates word importance with the prediction label from the attack history and integrate such information into hybrid local search algorithm to optimize the adversarial perturbation. Extensive evaluations for text classification and textual entailment using various datasets and models show that our LHLS significantly outperforms existing hard-label attacks regarding the attack performance as well as adversary quality.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spatiotemporal Analysis Using Riemannian Composition of Diffusion Operators</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08530">arxiv:2201.08530</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Tal Shnitzer, Hau-Tieng Wu, Ronen Talmon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multivariate time-series have become abundant in recent years, as many data-acquisition systems record information through multiple sensors simultaneously. In this paper, we assume the variables pertain to some geometry and present an operator-based approach for spatiotemporal analysis. Our approach combines three components that are often considered separately: (i) manifold learning for building operators representing the geometry of the variables, (ii) Riemannian geometry of symmetric positive-definite matrices for multiscale composition of operators corresponding to different time samples, and (iii) spectral analysis of the composite operators for extracting different dynamic modes. We propose a method that is analogous to the classical wavelet analysis, which we term Riemannian multi-resolution analysis (RMRA). We provide some theoretical results on the spectral analysis of the composite operators, and we demonstrate the proposed method on simulations and on real data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Attention-Based Supernovae Classification of Multi-Band Light-Curves</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08482">arxiv:2201.08482</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Óscar Pimentel, Pablo A. Estévez, Francisco Förster</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In astronomical surveys, such as the Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF), supernovae (SNe) are relatively uncommon objects compared to other classes of variable events. Along with this scarcity, the processing of multi-band light-curves is a challenging task due to the highly irregular cadence, long time gaps, missing-values, low number of observations, etc. These issues are particularly detrimental for the analysis of transient events with SN-like light-curves. In this work, we offer three main contributions. First, based on temporal modulation and attention mechanisms, we propose a Deep Attention model called TimeModAttn to classify multi-band light-curves of different SN types, avoiding photometric or hand-crafted feature computations, missing-values assumptions, and explicit imputation and interpolation methods. Second, we propose a model for the synthetic generation of SN multi-band light-curves based on the Supernova Parametric Model (SPM). This allows us to increase the number of samples and the diversity of the cadence. The TimeModAttn model is first pre-trained using synthetic light-curves in a semi-supervised learning scheme. Then, a fine-tuning process is performed for domain adaptation. The proposed TimeModAttn model outperformed a Random Forest classifier, increasing the balanced-$F_1$score from $\approx.525$ to $\approx.596$. The TimeModAttn model also outperformed other Deep Learning models, based on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), in two scenarios: late-classification and early-classification. Finally, we conduct interpretability experiments. High attention scores are obtained for observations earlier than and close to the SN brightness peaks, which are supported by an early and highly expressive learned temporal modulation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RoboMal: Malware Detection for Robot Network Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08470">arxiv:2201.08470</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Upinder Kaur, Haozhe Zhou, Xiaxin Shen, Byung-Cheol Min, Richard M. Voyles</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Robot systems are increasingly integrating into numerous avenues of modern life. From cleaning houses to providing guidance and emotional support, robots now work directly with humans. Due to their far-reaching applications and progressively complex architecture, they are being targeted by adversarial attacks such as sensor-actuator attacks, data spoofing, malware, and network intrusion. Therefore, security for robotic systems has become crucial. In this paper, we address the underserved area of malware detection in robotic software. Since robots work in close proximity to humans, often with direct interactions, malware could have life-threatening impacts. Hence, we propose the RoboMal framework of static malware detection on binary executables to detect malware before it gets a chance to execute. Additionally, we address the great paucity of data in this space by providing the RoboMal dataset comprising controller executables of a small-scale autonomous car. The performance of the framework is compared against widely used supervised learning models: GRU, CNN, and ANN. Notably, the LSTM-based RoboMal model outperforms the other models with an accuracy of 85% and precision of 87% in 10-fold cross-validation, hence proving the effectiveness of the proposed framework.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Prescriptive Dirichlet Power Allocation Policy with Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08445">arxiv:2201.08445</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yuan Tian, Minghao Han, Chetan Kulkarni, Olga Fink</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prescribing optimal operation based on the condition of the system and, thereby, potentially prolonging the remaining useful lifetime has a large potential for actively managing the availability, maintenance and costs of complex systems. Reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms are particularly suitable for this type of problems given their learning capabilities. A special case of a prescriptive operation is the power allocation task, which can be considered as a sequential allocation problem, where the action space is bounded by a simplex constraint. A general continuous action-space solution of such sequential allocation problems has still remained an open research question for RL algorithms. In continuous action-space, the standard Gaussian policy applied in reinforcement learning does not support simplex constraints, while the Gaussian-softmax policy introduces a bias during training. In this work, we propose the Dirichlet policy for continuous allocation tasks and analyze the bias and variance of its policy gradients. We demonstrate that the Dirichlet policy is bias-free and provides significantly faster convergence, better performance and better hyperparameters robustness over the Gaussian-softmax policy. Moreover, we demonstrate the applicability of the proposed algorithm on a prescriptive operation case, where we propose the Dirichlet power allocation policy and evaluate the performance on a case study of a set of multiple lithium-ion (Li-I) battery systems. The experimental results show the potential to prescribe optimal operation, improve the efficiency and sustainability of multi-power source systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Steerable Pyramid Transform Enables Robust Left Ventricle Quantification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08388">arxiv:2201.08388</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xiangyang Zhu, Kede Ma, Wufeng Xue</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although multifarious variants of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have proved successful in cardiac index quantification, they seem vulnerable to mild input perturbations, e.g., spatial transformations, image distortions, and adversarial attacks. Such brittleness erodes our trust in CNN-based automated diagnosis of various cardiovascular diseases. In this work, we describe a simple and effective method to learn robust CNNs for left ventricle (LV) quantification, including cavity and myocardium areas, directional dimensions, and regional wall thicknesses. The key to the success of our approach is the use of the biologically-inspired steerable pyramid transform (SPT) as fixed front-end processing, which brings three computational advantages to LV quantification. First, the basis functions of SPT match the anatomical structure of the LV as well as the geometric characteristics of the estimated indices. Second, SPT enables sharing a CNN across different orientations as a form of parameter regularization, and explicitly captures the scale variations of the LV in a natural way. Third, the residual highpass subband can be conveniently discarded to further encourage robust feature learning. A concise and effective metric, named Robustness Ratio, is proposed to evaluate the robustness under various input perturbations. Extensive experiments on 145 cardiac sequences show that our SPT-augmented method performs favorably against state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of prediction accuracy, but is significantly more robust under input perturbations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sim-to-Lab-to-Real: Safe Reinforcement Learning with Shielding and Generalization Guarantees</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08355">arxiv:2201.08355</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kai-Chieh Hsu, Allen Z. Ren, Duy Phuong Nguyen, Anirudha Majumdar, Jaime F. Fisac</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Safety is a critical component of autonomous systems and remains a challenge for learning-based policies to be utilized in the real world. In particular, policies learned using reinforcement learning often fail to generalize to novel environments due to unsafe behavior. In this paper, we propose Sim-to-Lab-to-Real to safely close the reality gap. To improve safety, we apply a dual policy setup where a performance policy is trained using the cumulative task reward and a backup (safety) policy is trained by solving the reach-avoid Bellman Equation based on Hamilton-Jacobi reachability analysis. In Sim-to-Lab transfer, we apply a supervisory control scheme to shield unsafe actions during exploration; in Lab-to-Real transfer, we leverage the Probably Approximately Correct (PAC)-Bayes framework to provide lower bounds on the expected performance and safety of policies in unseen environments. We empirically study the proposed framework for ego-vision navigation in two types of indoor environments including a photo-realistic one. We also demonstrate strong generalization performance through hardware experiments in real indoor spaces with a quadrupedal robot. See https://sites.google.com/princeton.edu/sim-to-lab-to-real for supplementary material.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Goal-Conditioned Reinforcement Learning: Problems and Solutions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08299">arxiv:2201.08299</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Minghuan Liu, Menghui Zhu, Weinan Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Goal-conditioned reinforcement learning (GCRL), related to a set of complex RL problems, trains an agent to achieve different goals under particular scenarios. Compared to the standard RL solutions that learn a policy solely depending on the states or observations, GCRL additionally requires the agent to make decisions according to different goals. In this survey, we provide a comprehensive overview of the challenges and algorithms for GCRL. Firstly, we answer what the basic problems are studied in this field. Then, we explain how goals are represented and present how existing solutions are designed from different points of view. Finally, we make the conclusion and discuss potential future prospects that recent researches focus on.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Modeling and hexahedral meshing of arterial networks from centerlines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08279">arxiv:2201.08279</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Méghane Decroocq, Carole Frindel, Makoto Ohta, Guillaume Lavoué</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) simulation provides valuable information on blood flow from the vascular geometry. However, it requires to extract accurate models of arteries from low resolution medical images, which remains challenging. Centerline-based representation is widely used to model large vascular networks with small vessels, as it enables manual editing and encodes the topological information. In this work, we propose an automatic method to generate an hexahedral mesh suitable for CFD directly from centerlines. The proposed method is an improvement of the state-of-the-art in terms of robustness, mesh quality and reproductibility.
  Both the modeling and meshing tasks are addressed. A new vessel model based on penalized splines is proposed to overcome the limitations inherent to the centerline representation, such as noise and sparsity. Bifurcations are reconstructed using a physiologically accurate parametric model that we extended to planar n-furcations. Finally, a volume mesh with structured, hexahedral and flow oriented cells is produced from the proposed vascular network model.
  The proposed method offers a better robustness and mesh quality than the state-of-the-art methods. As it combines both modeling and meshing techniques, it can be applied to edit the geometry and topology of vascular models effortlessly to study the impact on hemodynamics. We demonstrate the efficiency of our method by entirely meshing a dataset of 60 cerebral vascular networks. 92\% of the vessels and 83\% of the bifurcations where mesh without defects needing manual intervention, despite the challenging aspect of the input data. The source code will be released publicly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NaijaSenti: A Nigerian Twitter Sentiment Corpus for Multilingual Sentiment Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08277">arxiv:2201.08277</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Shamsuddeen Hassan Muhammad, David Ifeoluwa Adelani, Ibrahim Said Ahmad, Idris Abdulmumin, Bello Shehu Bello, Monojit Choudhury, Chris Chinenye Emezue, Anuoluwapo Aremu, Saheed Abdul, Pavel Brazdil</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sentiment analysis is one of the most widely studied applications in NLP, but most work focuses on languages with large amounts of data. We introduce the first large-scale human-annotated Twitter sentiment dataset for the four most widely spoken languages in Nigeria (Hausa, Igbo, Nigerian-Pidgin, and Yoruba) consisting of around 30,000 annotated tweets per language (except for Nigerian-Pidgin), including a significant fraction of code-mixed tweets. We propose text collection, filtering, processing, and labelling methods that enable us to create datasets for these low-resource languages. We evaluate a range of pre-trained models and transfer strategies on the dataset. We find that language-specific models and language-adaptive fine-tuning generally perform best. We release the datasets, trained models, sentiment lexicons, and code to incentivize research on sentiment analysis in under-represented languages.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalizing Off-Policy Evaluation From a Causal Perspective For Sequential Decision-Making</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08262">arxiv:2201.08262</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sonali Parbhoo, Shalmali Joshi, Finale Doshi-Velez</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Assessing the effects of a policy based on observational data from a different policy is a common problem across several high-stake decision-making domains, and several off-policy evaluation (OPE) techniques have been proposed. However, these methods largely formulate OPE as a problem disassociated from the process used to generate the data (i.e. structural assumptions in the form of a causal graph). We argue that explicitly highlighting this association has important implications on our understanding of the fundamental limits of OPE. First, this implies that current formulation of OPE corresponds to a narrow set of tasks, i.e. a specific causal estimand which is focused on prospective evaluation of policies over populations or sub-populations. Second, we demonstrate how this association motivates natural desiderata to consider a general set of causal estimands, particularly extending the role of OPE for counterfactual off-policy evaluation at the level of individuals of the population. A precise description of the causal estimand highlights which OPE estimands are identifiable from observational data under the stated generative assumptions. For those OPE estimands that are not identifiable, the causal perspective further highlights where more experimental data is necessary, and highlights situations where human expertise can aid identification and estimation. Furthermore, many formalisms of OPE overlook the role of uncertainty entirely in the estimation process.We demonstrate how specifically characterising the causal estimand highlights the different sources of uncertainty and when human expertise can naturally manage this uncertainty. We discuss each of these aspects as actionable desiderata for future OPE research at scale and in-line with practical utility.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Awareness Safety of Deep Reinforcement Learning in Road Traffic Junction Driving</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08116">arxiv:2201.08116</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zehong Cao, Jie Yun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autonomous driving has been at the forefront of public interest, and a pivotal debate to widespread concerns is safety in the transportation system. Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) has been applied to autonomous driving to provide solutions for obstacle avoidance. However, in a road traffic junction scenario, the vehicle typically receives partial observations from the transportation environment, while DRL needs to rely on long-term rewards to train a reliable model by maximising the cumulative rewards, which may take the risk when exploring new actions and returning either a positive reward or a penalty in the case of collisions. Although safety concerns are usually considered in the design of a reward function, they are not fully considered as the critical metric to directly evaluate the effectiveness of DRL algorithms in autonomous driving. In this study, we evaluated the safety performance of three baseline DRL models (DQN, A2C, and PPO) and proposed a self-awareness module from an attention mechanism for DRL to improve the safety evaluation for an anomalous vehicle in a complex road traffic junction environment, such as intersection and roundabout scenarios, based on four metrics: collision rate, success rate, freezing rate, and total reward. Our two experimental results in the training and testing phases revealed the baseline DRL with poor safety performance, while our proposed self-awareness attention-DQN can significantly improve the safety performance in intersection and roundabout scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Statistical Depth Functions for Ranking Distributions: Definitions, Statistical Learning and Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08105">arxiv:2201.08105</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Morgane Goibert, Stéphan Clémençon, Ekhine Irurozki, Pavlo Mozharovskyi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The concept of median/consensus has been widely investigated in order to provide a statistical summary of ranking data, i.e. realizations of a random permutation $Σ$ of a finite set, $\{1,\; \ldots,\; n\}$ with $n\geq 1$ say. As it sheds light onto only one aspect of $Σ$'s distribution $P$, it may neglect other informative features. It is the purpose of this paper to define analogs of quantiles, ranks and statistical procedures based on such quantities for the analysis of ranking data by means of a metric-based notion of depth function on the symmetric group. Overcoming the absence of vector space structure on $\mathfrak{S}_n$, the latter defines a center-outward ordering of the permutations in the support of $P$ and extends the classic metric-based formulation of consensus ranking (medians corresponding then to the deepest permutations). The axiomatic properties that ranking depths should ideally possess are listed, while computational and generalization issues are studied at length. Beyond the theoretical analysis carried out, the relevance of the novel concepts and methods introduced for a wide variety of statistical tasks are also supported by numerous numerical experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transfer Learning for Fault Diagnosis of Transmission Lines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08018">arxiv:2201.08018</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Fatemeh Mohammadi Shakiba, Milad Shojaee, S. Mohsen Azizi, Mengchu Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent artificial intelligence-based methods have shown great promise in the use of neural networks for real-time sensing and detection of transmission line faults and estimation of their locations. The expansion of power systems including transmission lines with various lengths have made a fault detection, classification, and location estimation process more challenging. Transmission line datasets are stream data which are continuously collected by various sensors and hence, require generalized and fast fault diagnosis approaches. Newly collected datasets including voltages and currents might not have enough and accurate labels (fault and no fault) that are useful to train neural networks. In this paper, a novel transfer learning framework based on a pre-trained LeNet-5 convolutional neural network is proposed. This method is able to diagnose faults for different transmission line lengths and impedances by transferring the knowledge from a source convolutional neural network to predict a dissimilar target dataset. By transferring this knowledge, faults from various transmission lines, without having enough labels, can be diagnosed faster and more efficiently compared to the existing methods. To prove the feasibility and effectiveness of this methodology, seven different datasets that include various lengths of transmission lines are used. The robustness of the proposed methodology against generator voltage fluctuation, variation in fault distance, fault inception angle, fault resistance, and phase difference between the two generators are well shown, thus proving its practical values in the fault diagnosis of transmission lines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RamanNet: A generalized neural network architecture for Raman Spectrum Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09737">arxiv:2201.09737</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nabil Ibtehaz, Muhammad E. H. Chowdhury, Amith Khandakar, Susu M. Zughaier, Serkan Kiranyaz, M. Sohel Rahman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Raman spectroscopy provides a vibrational profile of the molecules and thus can be used to uniquely identify different kind of materials. This sort of fingerprinting molecules has thus led to widespread application of Raman spectrum in various fields like medical dignostics, forensics, mineralogy, bacteriology and virology etc. Despite the recent rise in Raman spectra data volume, there has not been any significant effort in developing generalized machine learning methods for Raman spectra analysis. We examine, experiment and evaluate existing methods and conjecture that neither current sequential models nor traditional machine learning models are satisfactorily sufficient to analyze Raman spectra. Both has their perks and pitfalls, therefore we attempt to mix the best of both worlds and propose a novel network architecture RamanNet. RamanNet is immune to invariance property in CNN and at the same time better than traditional machine learning models for the inclusion of sparse connectivity. Our experiments on 4 public datasets demonstrate superior performance over the much complex state-of-the-art methods and thus RamanNet has the potential to become the defacto standard in Raman spectra data analysis

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tensor and Matrix Low-Rank Value-Function Approximation in Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09736">arxiv:2201.09736</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sergio Rozada, Antonio G. Marques</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Value-function (VF) approximation is a central problem in Reinforcement Learning (RL). Classical non-parametric VF estimation suffers from the curse of dimensionality. As a result, parsimonious parametric models have been adopted to approximate VFs in high-dimensional spaces, with most efforts being focused on linear and neural-network-based approaches. Differently, this paper puts forth a a parsimonious non-parametric approach, where we use stochastic low-rank algorithms to estimate the VF matrix in an online and model-free fashion. Furthermore, as VFs tend to be multi-dimensional, we propose replacing the classical VF matrix representation with a tensor (multi-way array) representation and, then, use the PARAFAC decomposition to design an online model-free tensor low-rank algorithm. Different versions of the algorithms are proposed, their complexity is analyzed, and their performance is assessed numerically using standardized RL environments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Iterated Reasoning with Mutual Information in Cooperative and Byzantine Decentralized Teaming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08484">arxiv:2201.08484</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sachin Konan, Esmaeil Seraj, Matthew Gombolay</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Information sharing is key in building team cognition and enables coordination and cooperation. High-performing human teams also benefit from acting strategically with hierarchical levels of iterated communication and rationalizability, meaning a human agent can reason about the actions of their teammates in their decision-making. Yet, the majority of prior work in Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning (MARL) does not support iterated rationalizability and only encourage inter-agent communication, resulting in a suboptimal equilibrium cooperation strategy. In this work, we show that reformulating an agent's policy to be conditional on the policies of its neighboring teammates inherently maximizes Mutual Information (MI) lower-bound when optimizing under Policy Gradient (PG). Building on the idea of decision-making under bounded rationality and cognitive hierarchy theory, we show that our modified PG approach not only maximizes local agent rewards but also implicitly reasons about MI between agents without the need for any explicit ad-hoc regularization terms. Our approach, InfoPG, outperforms baselines in learning emergent collaborative behaviors and sets the state-of-the-art in decentralized cooperative MARL tasks. Our experiments validate the utility of InfoPG by achieving higher sample efficiency and significantly larger cumulative reward in several complex cooperative multi-agent domains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Kinit Classification in Ethiopian Chants, Azmaris and Modern Music: A New Dataset and CNN Benchmark</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08448">arxiv:2201.08448</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ephrem A. Retta, Richard Sutcliffe, Eiad Almekhlafi, Yosef K. Enku, Eyob Alemu, Tigist D. Gemechu, Michael A. Berwo, Mustafa Mhamed, Jun Feng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we create EMIR, the first-ever Music Information Retrieval dataset for Ethiopian music. EMIR is freely available for research purposes and contains 600 sample recordings of Orthodox Tewahedo chants, traditional Azmari songs and contemporary Ethiopian secular music. Each sample is classified by five expert judges into one of four well-known Ethiopian Kinits, Tizita, Bati, Ambassel and Anchihoye. Each Kinit uses its own pentatonic scale and also has its own stylistic characteristics. Thus, Kinit classification needs to combine scale identification with genre recognition. After describing the dataset, we present the Ethio Kinits Model (EKM), based on VGG, for classifying the EMIR clips. In Experiment 1, we investigated whether Filterbank, Mel-spectrogram, Chroma, or Mel-frequency Cepstral coefficient (MFCC) features work best for Kinit classification using EKM. MFCC was found to be superior and was therefore adopted for Experiment 2, where the performance of EKM models using MFCC was compared using three different audio sample lengths. 3s length gave the best results. In Experiment 3, EKM and four existing models were compared on the EMIR dataset: AlexNet, ResNet50, VGG16 and LSTM. EKM was found to have the best accuracy (95.00%) as well as the fastest training time. We hope this work will encourage others to explore Ethiopian music and to experiment with other models for Kinit classification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SoftDropConnect (SDC) -- Effective and Efficient Quantification of the Network Uncertainty in Deep MR Image Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08418">arxiv:2201.08418</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Qing Lyu, Christopher T. Whitlow, Ge Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, deep learning has achieved remarkable successes in medical image analysis. Although deep neural networks generate clinically important predictions, they have inherent uncertainty. Such uncertainty is a major barrier to report these predictions with confidence. In this paper, we propose a novel yet simple Bayesian inference approach called SoftDropConnect (SDC) to quantify the network uncertainty in medical imaging tasks with gliomas segmentation and metastases classification as initial examples. Our key idea is that during training and testing SDC modulates network parameters continuously so as to allow affected information processing channels still in operation, instead of disabling them as Dropout or DropConnet does. When compared with three popular Bayesian inference methods including Bayes By Backprop, Dropout, and DropConnect, our SDC method (SDC-W after optimization) outperforms the three competing methods with a substantial margin. Quantitatively, our proposed method generates results withsubstantially improved prediction accuracy (by 10.0%, 5.4% and 3.7% respectively for segmentation in terms of dice score; by 11.7%, 3.9%, 8.7% on classification in terms of test accuracy) and greatly reduced uncertainty in terms of mutual information (by 64%, 33% and 70% on segmentation; 98%, 88%, and 88% on classification). Our approach promises to deliver better diagnostic performance and make medical AI imaging more explainable and trustworthy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prediction of the electron density of states for crystalline compounds with Atomistic Line Graph Neural Networks (ALIGNN)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08348">arxiv:2201.08348</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Prathik R Kaundinya, Kamal Choudhary, Surya R. Kalidindi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning (ML) based models have greatly enhanced the traditional materials discovery and design pipeline. Specifically, in recent years, surrogate ML models for material property prediction have demonstrated success in predicting discrete scalar-valued target properties to within reasonable accuracy of their DFT-computed values. However, accurate prediction of spectral targets such as the electron Density of States (DOS) poses a much more challenging problem due to the complexity of the target, and the limited amount of available training data. In this study, we present an extension of the recently developed Atomistic Line Graph Neural Network (ALIGNN) to accurately predict DOS of a large set of material unit cell structures, trained to the publicly available JARVIS-DFT dataset. Furthermore, we evaluate two methods of representation of the target quantity - a direct discretized spectrum, and a compressed low-dimensional representation obtained using an autoencoder. Through this work, we demonstrate the utility of graph-based featurization and modeling methods in the prediction of complex targets that depend on both chemistry and directional characteristics of material structures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning with latent group sparsity via heat flow dynamics on networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08326">arxiv:2201.08326</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Subhroshekhar Ghosh, Soumendu Sundar Mukherjee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Group or cluster structure on explanatory variables in machine learning problems is a very general phenomenon, which has attracted broad interest from practitioners and theoreticians alike. In this work we contribute an approach to learning under such group structure, that does not require prior information on the group identities. Our paradigm is motivated by the Laplacian geometry of an underlying network with a related community structure, and proceeds by directly incorporating this into a penalty that is effectively computed via a heat flow-based local network dynamics. In fact, we demonstrate a procedure to construct such a network based on the available data. Notably, we dispense with computationally intensive pre-processing involving clustering of variables, spectral or otherwise. Our technique is underpinned by rigorous theorems that guarantee its effective performance and provide bounds on its sample complexity. In particular, in a wide range of settings, it provably suffices to run the heat flow dynamics for time that is only logarithmic in the problem dimensions. We explore in detail the interfaces of our approach with key statistical physics models in network science, such as the Gaussian Free Field and the Stochastic Block Model. We validate our approach by successful applications to real-world data from a wide array of application domains, including computer science, genetics, climatology and economics. Our work raises the possibility of applying similar diffusion-based techniques to classical learning tasks, exploiting the interplay between geometric, dynamical and stochastic structures underlying the data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accelerated Gradient Flow: Risk, Stability, and Implicit Regularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08311">arxiv:2201.08311</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yue Sheng, Alnur Ali</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Acceleration and momentum are the de facto standard in modern applications of machine learning and optimization, yet the bulk of the work on implicit regularization focuses instead on unaccelerated methods. In this paper, we study the statistical risk of the iterates generated by Nesterov's accelerated gradient method and Polyak's heavy ball method, when applied to least squares regression, drawing several connections to explicit penalization. We carry out our analyses in continuous-time, allowing us to make sharper statements than in prior work, and revealing complex interactions between early stopping, stability, and the curvature of the loss function.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-Domain Few-Shot Graph Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08265">arxiv:2201.08265</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kaveh Hassani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of few-shot graph classification across domains with nonequivalent feature spaces by introducing three new cross-domain benchmarks constructed from publicly available datasets. We also propose an attention-based graph encoder that uses three congruent views of graphs, one contextual and two topological views, to learn representations of task-specific information for fast adaptation, and task-agnostic information for knowledge transfer. We run exhaustive experiments to evaluate the performance of contrastive and meta-learning strategies. We show that when coupled with metric-based meta-learning frameworks, the proposed encoder achieves the best average meta-test classification accuracy across all benchmarks. The source code and data will be released here: https://github.com/kavehhassani/metagrl

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploiting Meta-Cognitive Features for a Machine-Learning-Based One-Shot Group-Decision Aggregation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08247">arxiv:2201.08247</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hilla Shinitzky, Yuval Shahar, Dan Avraham, Yizhak Vaisman, Yakir Tsizer, Yaniv Leedon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The outcome of a collective decision-making process, such as crowdsourcing, often relies on the procedure through which the perspectives of its individual members are aggregated. Popular aggregation methods, such as the majority rule, often fail to produce the optimal result, especially in high-complexity tasks. Methods that rely on meta-cognitive information, such as confidence-based methods and the Surprisingly Popular Option, had shown an improvement in various tasks. However, there is still a significant number of cases with no optimal solution. Our aim is to exploit meta-cognitive information and to learn from it, for the purpose of enhancing the ability of the group to produce a correct answer. Specifically, we propose two different feature-representation approaches: (1) Response-Centered feature Representation (RCR), which focuses on the characteristics of the individual response instances, and (2) Answer-Centered feature Representation (ACR), which focuses on the characteristics of each of the potential answers. Using these two feature-representation approaches, we train Machine-Learning (ML) models, for the purpose of predicting the correctness of a response and of an answer. The trained models are used as the basis of an ML-based aggregation methodology that, contrary to other ML-based techniques, has the advantage of being a "one-shot" technique, independent from the crowd-specific composition and personal record, and adaptive to various types of situations. To evaluate our methodology, we collected 2490 responses for different tasks, which we used for feature engineering and for the training of ML models. We tested our feature-representation approaches through the performance of our proposed ML-based aggregation methods. The results show an increase of 20% to 35% in the success rate, compared to the use of standard rule-based aggregation methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Before and After: Machine learning for perioperative patient care</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08095">arxiv:2201.08095</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Iuliia Ganskaia, Stanislav Abaimov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For centuries nursing has been known as a job that requires complex manual operations, that cannot be automated or replaced by any machinery. All the devices and techniques have been invented only to support, but never fully replace, a person with knowledge and expert intuition. With the rise of Artificial Intelligence and continuously increasing digital data flow in healthcare, new tools have arrived to improve patient care and reduce the labour-intensive work conditions of a nurse.
  This cross-disciplinary review aims to build a bridge over the gap between computer science and nursing. It outlines and classifies the methods for machine learning and data processing in patient care before and after the operation. It comprises of Process-, Patient-, Operator-, Feedback-, and Technology-centric classifications. The presented classifications are based on the technical aspects of patient case.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Classic Graph Structural Features Outperform Factorization-Based Graph Embedding Methods on Community Labeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08481">arxiv:2201.08481</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Andrew Stolman, Caleb Levy, C. Seshadhri, Aneesh Sharma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph representation learning (also called graph embeddings) is a popular technique for incorporating network structure into machine learning models. Unsupervised graph embedding methods aim to capture graph structure by learning a low-dimensional vector representation (the embedding) for each node. Despite the widespread use of these embeddings for a variety of downstream transductive machine learning tasks, there is little principled analysis of the effectiveness of this approach for common tasks. In this work, we provide an empirical and theoretical analysis for the performance of a class of embeddings on the common task of pairwise community labeling. This is a binary variant of the classic community detection problem, which seeks to build a classifier to determine whether a pair of vertices participate in a community. In line with our goal of foundational understanding, we focus on a popular class of unsupervised embedding techniques that learn low rank factorizations of a vertex proximity matrix (this class includes methods like GraRep, DeepWalk, node2vec, NetMF). We perform detailed empirical analysis for community labeling over a variety of real and synthetic graphs with ground truth. In all cases we studied, the models trained from embedding features perform poorly on community labeling. In constrast, a simple logistic model with classic graph structural features handily outperforms the embedding models. For a more principled understanding, we provide a theoretical analysis for the (in)effectiveness of these embeddings in capturing the community structure. We formally prove that popular low-dimensional factorization methods either cannot produce community structure, or can only produce ``unstable" communities. These communities are inherently unstable under small perturbations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DDPG-Driven Deep-Unfolding with Adaptive Depth for Channel Estimation with Sparse Bayesian Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08477">arxiv:2201.08477</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Qiyu Hu, Shuhan Shi, Yunlong Cai, Guanding Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep-unfolding neural networks (NNs) have received great attention since they achieve satisfactory performance with relatively low complexity. Typically, these deep-unfolding NNs are restricted to a fixed-depth for all inputs. However, the optimal number of layers required for convergence changes with different inputs. In this paper, we first develop a framework of deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG)-driven deep-unfolding with adaptive depth for different inputs, where the trainable parameters of deep-unfolding NN are learned by DDPG, rather than updated by the stochastic gradient descent algorithm directly. Specifically, the optimization variables, trainable parameters, and architecture of deep-unfolding NN are designed as the state, action, and state transition of DDPG, respectively. Then, this framework is employed to deal with the channel estimation problem in massive multiple-input multiple-output systems. Specifically, first of all we formulate the channel estimation problem with an off-grid basis and develop a sparse Bayesian learning (SBL)-based algorithm to solve it. Secondly, the SBL-based algorithm is unfolded into a layer-wise structure with a set of introduced trainable parameters. Thirdly, the proposed DDPG-driven deep-unfolding framework is employed to solve this channel estimation problem based on the unfolded structure of the SBL-based algorithm. To realize adaptive depth, we design the halting score to indicate when to stop, which is a function of the channel reconstruction error. Furthermore, the proposed framework is extended to realize the adaptive depth of the general deep neural networks (DNNs). Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm outperforms the conventional optimization algorithms and DNNs with fixed depth with much reduced number of layers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Post-Training Detection of Backdoor Attacks for Two-Class and Multi-Attack Scenarios</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08474">arxiv:2201.08474</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhen Xiang, David J. Miller, George Kesidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Backdoor attacks (BAs) are an emerging threat to deep neural network classifiers. A victim classifier will predict to an attacker-desired target class whenever a test sample is embedded with the same backdoor pattern (BP) that was used to poison the classifier's training set. Detecting whether a classifier is backdoor attacked is not easy in practice, especially when the defender is, e.g., a downstream user without access to the classifier's training set. This challenge is addressed here by a reverse-engineering defense (RED), which has been shown to yield state-of-the-art performance in several domains. However, existing REDs are not applicable when there are only {\it two classes} or when {\it multiple attacks} are present. These scenarios are first studied in the current paper, under the practical constraints that the defender neither has access to the classifier's training set nor to supervision from clean reference classifiers trained for the same domain. We propose a detection framework based on BP reverse-engineering and a novel {\it expected transferability} (ET) statistic. We show that our ET statistic is effective {\it using the same detection threshold}, irrespective of the classification domain, the attack configuration, and the BP reverse-engineering algorithm that is used. The excellent performance of our method is demonstrated on six benchmark datasets. Notably, our detection framework is also applicable to multi-class scenarios with multiple attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Android Malware Detection using Feature Ranking of Permissions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08468">arxiv:2201.08468</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Muhammad Suleman Saleem, Jelena Mišić, Vojislav B. Mišić</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We investigate the use of Android permissions as the vehicle to allow for quick and effective differentiation between benign and malware apps. To this end, we extract all Android permissions, eliminating those that have zero impact, and apply two feature ranking algorithms namely Chi-Square test and Fisher's Exact test to rank and additionally filter them, resulting in a comparatively small set of relevant permissions. Then we use Decision Tree, Support Vector Machine, and Random Forest Classifier algorithms to detect malware apps. Our analysis indicates that this approach can result in better accuracy and F-score value than other reported approaches. In particular, when random forest is used as the classifier with the combination of Fisher's Exact test, we achieve 99.34\% in accuracy and 92.17\% in F-score with the false positive rate of 0.56\% for the dataset in question, with results improving to 99.82\% in accuracy and 95.28\% in F-score with the false positive rate as low as 0.05\% when only malware from three most popular malware families are considered.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>VUDENC: Vulnerability Detection with Deep Learning on a Natural Codebase for Python</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08441">arxiv:2201.08441</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Laura Wartschinski, Yannic Noller, Thomas Vogel, Timo Kehrer, Lars Grunske</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Context: Identifying potential vulnerable code is important to improve the security of our software systems. However, the manual detection of software vulnerabilities requires expert knowledge and is time-consuming, and must be supported by automated techniques. Objective: Such automated vulnerability detection techniques should achieve a high accuracy, point developers directly to the vulnerable code fragments, scale to real-world software, generalize across the boundaries of a specific software project, and require no or only moderate setup or configuration effort. Method: In this article, we present VUDENC (Vulnerability Detection with Deep Learning on a Natural Codebase), a deep learning-based vulnerability detection tool that automatically learns features of vulnerable code from a large and real-world Python codebase. VUDENC applies a word2vec model to identify semantically similar code tokens and to provide a vector representation. A network of long-short-term memory cells (LSTM) is then used to classify vulnerable code token sequences at a fine-grained level, highlight the specific areas in the source code that are likely to contain vulnerabilities, and provide confidence levels for its predictions. Results: To evaluate VUDENC, we used 1,009 vulnerability-fixing commits from different GitHub repositories that contain seven different types of vulnerabilities (SQL injection, XSS, Command injection, XSRF, Remote code execution, Path disclosure, Open redirect) for training. In the experimental evaluation, VUDENC achieves a recall of 78%-87%, a precision of 82%-96%, and an F1 score of 80%-90%. VUDENC's code, the datasets for the vulnerabilities, and the Python corpus for the word2vec model are available for reproduction. Conclusions: Our experimental results suggest...

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Statistical prediction of extreme events from small datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08294">arxiv:2201.08294</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Alberto Racca, Luca Magri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose Echo State Networks (ESNs) to predict the statistics of extreme events in a turbulent flow. We train the ESNs on small datasets that lack information about the extreme events. We asses whether the networks are able to extrapolate from the small imperfect datasets and predict the heavy-tail statistics that describe the events. We find that the networks correctly predict the events and improve the statistics of the system with respect to the training data in almost all cases analysed. This opens up new possibilities for the statistical prediction of extreme events in turbulence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>OpenIPDM: A Probabilistic Framework for Estimating the Deterioration and Effect of Interventions on Bridges</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08254">arxiv:2201.08254</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zachary Hamida, Blanche Laurent, James-A. Goulet</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper describes OpenIPDM software for modelling the deterioration process of infrastructures using network-scale visual inspection data. In addition to the deterioration state estimates, OpenIPDM provides functions for quantifying the effect of interventions, estimating the service life of an intervention, and generating synthetic data for verification purposes. Each of the aforementioned functions are accessible by an interactive graphical user interface. OpenIPDM is designed based on the research work done on a network of bridges in Quebec province, so that the concepts presented in the software have been validated for applications in a real-world context. In addition, this software provides foundations for future developments in the subject area of modelling the deterioration as well as intervention planning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HEAM: High-Efficiency Approximate Multiplier Optimization for Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08022">arxiv:2201.08022</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Su Zheng, Zhen Li, Yao Lu, Jingbo Gao, Jide Zhang, Lingli Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose an optimization method for the automatic design of approximate multipliers, which minimizes the average error according to the operand distributions. Our multiplier achieves up to 50.24% higher accuracy than the best reproduced approximate multiplier in DNNs, with 15.76% smaller area, 25.05% less power consumption, and 3.50% shorter delay. Compared with an exact multiplier, our multiplier reduces the area, power consumption, and delay by 44.94%, 47.63%, and 16.78%, respectively, with negligible accuracy losses. The tested DNN accelerator modules with our multiplier obtain up to 18.70% smaller area and 9.99% less power consumption than the original modules.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Using a Novel COVID-19 Calculator to Measure Positive U.S. Socio-Economic Impact of a COVID-19 Pre-Screening Solution (AI/ML)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.11109">arxiv:2201.11109</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Richard Swartzbaugh, Amil Khanzada, Praveen Govindan, Mert Pilanci, Ayomide Owoyemi, Les Atlas, Hugo Estrada, Richard Nall, Michael Lotito, Rich Falcone, Jennifer Ranjani J</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The COVID-19 pandemic has been a scourge upon humanity, claiming the lives of more than 5.1 million people worldwide; the global economy contracted by 3.5% in 2020. This paper presents a COVID-19 calculator, synthesizing existing published calculators and data points, to measure the positive U.S. socio-economic impact of a COVID-19 AI/ML pre-screening solution (algorithm & application).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>alpha-Deep Probabilistic Inference (alpha-DPI): efficient uncertainty quantification from exoplanet astrometry to black hole feature extraction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08506">arxiv:2201.08506</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>He Sun, Katherine L. Bouman, Paul Tiede, Jason J. Wang, Sarah Blunt, Dimitri Mawet</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Inference is crucial in modern astronomical research, where hidden astrophysical features and patterns are often estimated from indirect and noisy measurements. Inferring the posterior of hidden features, conditioned on the observed measurements, is essential for understanding the uncertainty of results and downstream scientific interpretations. Traditional approaches for posterior estimation include sampling-based methods and variational inference. However, sampling-based methods are typically slow for high-dimensional inverse problems, while variational inference often lacks estimation accuracy. In this paper, we propose alpha-DPI, a deep learning framework that first learns an approximate posterior using alpha-divergence variational inference paired with a generative neural network, and then produces more accurate posterior samples through importance re-weighting of the network samples. It inherits strengths from both sampling and variational inference methods: it is fast, accurate, and scalable to high-dimensional problems. We apply our approach to two high-impact astronomical inference problems using real data: exoplanet astrometry and black hole feature extraction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Regional Negative Bias in Word Embeddings Predicts Racial Animus--but only via Name Frequency</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08451">arxiv:2201.08451</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Austin van Loon, Salvatore Giorgi, Robb Willer, Johannes Eichstaedt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The word embedding association test (WEAT) is an important method for measuring linguistic biases against social groups such as ethnic minorities in large text corpora. It does so by comparing the semantic relatedness of words prototypical of the groups (e.g., names unique to those groups) and attribute words (e.g., 'pleasant' and 'unpleasant' words). We show that anti-black WEAT estimates from geo-tagged social media data at the level of metropolitan statistical areas strongly correlate with several measures of racial animus--even when controlling for sociodemographic covariates. However, we also show that every one of these correlations is explained by a third variable: the frequency of Black names in the underlying corpora relative to White names. This occurs because word embeddings tend to group positive (negative) words and frequent (rare) words together in the estimated semantic space. As the frequency of Black names on social media is strongly correlated with Black Americans' prevalence in the population, this results in spurious anti-Black WEAT estimates wherever few Black Americans live. This suggests that research using the WEAT to measure bias should consider term frequency, and also demonstrates the potential consequences of using black-box models like word embeddings to study human cognition and behavior.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sketch-and-Lift: Scalable Subsampled Semidefinite Program for $K$-means Clustering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08226">arxiv:2201.08226</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yubo Zhuang, Xiaohui Chen, Yun Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Semidefinite programming (SDP) is a powerful tool for tackling a wide range of computationally hard problems such as clustering. Despite the high accuracy, semidefinite programs are often too slow in practice with poor scalability on large (or even moderate) datasets. In this paper, we introduce a linear time complexity algorithm for approximating an SDP relaxed $K$-means clustering. The proposed sketch-and-lift (SL) approach solves an SDP on a subsampled dataset and then propagates the solution to all data points by a nearest-centroid rounding procedure. It is shown that the SL approach enjoys a similar exact recovery threshold as the $K$-means SDP on the full dataset, which is known to be information-theoretically tight under the Gaussian mixture model. The SL method can be made adaptive with enhanced theoretic properties when the cluster sizes are unbalanced. Our simulation experiments demonstrate that the statistical accuracy of the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art fast clustering algorithms without sacrificing too much computational efficiency, and is comparable to the original $K$-means SDP with substantially reduced runtime.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Safety-Aware Multi-Agent Apprenticeship Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08111">arxiv:2201.08111</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Junchen Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Our objective of this project is to make the extension based on the technique mentioned in the paper "Safety-Aware Apprenticeship Learning" to improve the utility and the efficiency of the existing Reinforcement Learning model from a Single-Agent Learning framework to a Multi-Agent Learning framework. Our contributions to the project are presented in the following bullet points: 1. Regarding the fact that we will add an extension to the Inverse Reinforcement Learning model from a Single-Agent scenario to a Multi-Agentscenario. Our first contribution to this project is considering the case of extracting safe reward functions from expert behaviors in a Multi-Agent scenario instead of being from the Single-Agent scenario. 2. Our second contribution is extending the Single-Agent Learning Framework to a Multi-Agent Learning framework and designing a novel Learning Framework based on the extension in the end. 3. Our final contribution to this project is evaluating empirically the performance of my extension to the Single-Agent Inverse Reinforcement Learning framework.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.01.19]({{ '/2022/01/19/2022.01.19.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.01.21]({{ '/2022/01/21/2022.01.21.html' | relative_url }})