Prev: [2022.08.13]({{ '/2022/08/13/2022.08.13.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.08.15]({{ '/2022/08/15/2022.08.15.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-08-14, created on 2022-08-21


<details><summary><b>Who Finds the Short Proof? An Exploration of variants of Boolos' Curious Inference using Higher-order Automated Theorem Provers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06879">arxiv:2208.06879</a>
&#x1F4C8; 40 <br>
<p>Christoph Benzmüller, David Fuenmayor, Alexander Steen, Geoff Sutcliffe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We report on an exploration of variants of Boolos' curious inference using higher-order automated theorem provers (ATPs). Surprisingly, only a single shorthand notation still had to be provided by hand. All higher-order lemmas required for obtaining short proof are automatically discovered by the computer. Given the observations and suggestions in this paper, full proof automation of Boolos' example on the speedup of proof lengths, and related examples, now seems to be within reach for higher-order ATPs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Unified Causal View of Domain Invariant Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06987">arxiv:2208.06987</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Zihao Wang, Victor Veitch</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning methods can be unreliable when deployed in domains that differ from the domains on which they were trained. To address this, we may wish to learn representations of data that are domain-invariant in the sense that we preserve data structure that is stable across domains, but throw out spuriously-varying parts. There are many representation-learning approaches of this type, including methods based on data augmentation, distributional invariances, and risk invariance. Unfortunately, when faced with any particular real-world domain shift, it is unclear which, if any, of these methods might be expected to work. The purpose of this paper is to show how the different methods relate to each other, and clarify the real-world circumstances under which each is expected to succeed. The key tool is a new notion of domain shift relying on the idea that causal relationships are invariant, but non-causal relationships (e.g., due to confounding) may vary.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Syntax-driven Data Augmentation for Named Entity Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06957">arxiv:2208.06957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Arie Pratama Sutiono, Gus Hahn-Powell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In low resource settings, data augmentation strategies are commonly leveraged to improve performance. Numerous approaches have attempted document-level augmentation (e.g., text classification), but few studies have explored token-level augmentation. Performed naively, data augmentation can produce semantically incongruent and ungrammatical examples. In this work, we compare simple masked language model replacement and an augmentation method using constituency tree mutations to improve the performance of named entity recognition in low-resource settings with the aim of preserving linguistic cohesion of the augmented sentences.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HDR-Plenoxels: Self-Calibrating High Dynamic Range Radiance Fields</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06787">arxiv:2208.06787</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Kim Jun-Seong, Kim Yu-Ji, Moon Ye-Bin, Tae-Hyun Oh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose high dynamic range radiance (HDR) fields, HDR-Plenoxels, that learn a plenoptic function of 3D HDR radiance fields, geometry information, and varying camera settings inherent in 2D low dynamic range (LDR) images. Our voxel-based volume rendering pipeline reconstructs HDR radiance fields with only multi-view LDR images taken from varying camera settings in an end-to-end manner and has a fast convergence speed. To deal with various cameras in real-world scenarios, we introduce a tone mapping module that models the digital in-camera imaging pipeline (ISP) and disentangles radiometric settings. Our tone mapping module allows us to render by controlling the radiometric settings of each novel view. Finally, we build a multi-view dataset with varying camera conditions, which fits our problem setting. Our experiments show that HDR-Plenoxels can express detail and high-quality HDR novel views from only LDR images with various cameras.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On a Mechanism Framework of Autoencoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06995">arxiv:2208.06995</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Changcun Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes a theoretical framework on the mechanism of autoencoders. To the encoder part, under the main use of dimensionality reduction, we investigate its two fundamental properties: bijective maps and data disentangling. The general construction methods of an encoder that satisfies either or both of the above two properties are given. To the decoder part, as a consequence of the encoder constructions, we present a new basic principle of the solution, without using affine transforms. The generalization mechanism of autoencoders is modeled. The results of ReLU autoencoders are generalized to some non-ReLU cases, particularly for the sigmoid-unit autoencoder. Based on the theoretical framework above, we explain some experimental results of variational autoencoders, denoising autoencoders, and linear-unit autoencoders, with emphasis on the interpretation of the lower-dimensional representation of data via encoders; and the mechanism of image restoration through autoencoders is natural to be understood by those explanations. Compared to PCA and decision trees, the advantages of (generalized) autoencoders on dimensionality reduction and classification are demonstrated, respectively. Convolutional neural networks and randomly weighted neural networks are also interpreted by this framework.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Models of Music Cognition and Composition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06878">arxiv:2208.06878</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Abhimanyu Sethia,  Aayush</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Much like most of cognition research, music cognition is an interdisciplinary field, which attempts to apply methods of cognitive science (neurological, computational and experimental) to understand the perception and process of composition of music. In this paper, we first motivate why music is relevant to cognitive scientists and give an overview of the approaches to computational modelling of music cognition. We then review literature on the various models of music perception, including non-computational models, computational non-cognitive models and computational cognitive models. Lastly, we review literature on modelling the creative behaviour and on computer systems capable of composing music. Since a lot of technical terms from music theory have been used, we have appended a list of relevant terms and their definitions at the end.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DuETA: Traffic Congestion Propagation Pattern Modeling via Efficient Graph Learning for ETA Prediction at Baidu Maps</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06979">arxiv:2208.06979</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jizhou Huang, Zhengjie Huang, Xiaomin Fang, Shikun Feng, Xuyi Chen, Jiaxiang Liu, Haitao Yuan, Haifeng Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Estimated time of arrival (ETA) prediction, also known as travel time estimation, is a fundamental task for a wide range of intelligent transportation applications, such as navigation, route planning, and ride-hailing services. To accurately predict the travel time of a route, it is essential to take into account both contextual and predictive factors, such as spatial-temporal interaction, driving behavior, and traffic congestion propagation inference. The ETA prediction models previously deployed at Baidu Maps have addressed the factors of spatial-temporal interaction (ConSTGAT) and driving behavior (SSML). In this work, we focus on modeling traffic congestion propagation patterns to improve ETA performance. Traffic congestion propagation pattern modeling is challenging, and it requires accounting for impact regions over time and cumulative effect of delay variations over time caused by traffic events on the road network. In this paper, we present a practical industrial-grade ETA prediction framework named DuETA. Specifically, we construct a congestion-sensitive graph based on the correlations of traffic patterns, and we develop a route-aware graph transformer to directly learn the long-distance correlations of the road segments. This design enables DuETA to capture the interactions between the road segment pairs that are spatially distant but highly correlated with traffic conditions. Extensive experiments are conducted on large-scale, real-world datasets collected from Baidu Maps. Experimental results show that ETA prediction can significantly benefit from the learned traffic congestion propagation patterns. In addition, DuETA has already been deployed in production at Baidu Maps, serving billions of requests every day. This demonstrates that DuETA is an industrial-grade and robust solution for large-scale ETA prediction services.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rethinking Graph Neural Networks for the Graph Coloring Problem</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06975">arxiv:2208.06975</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Wei Li, Ruxuan Li, Yuzhe Ma, Siu On Chan, David Pan, Bei Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph coloring, a classical and critical NP-hard problem, is the problem of assigning connected nodes as different colors as possible. However, we observe that state-of-the-art GNNs are less successful in the graph coloring problem. We analyze the reasons from two perspectives. First, most GNNs fail to generalize the task under homophily to heterophily, i.e., graphs where connected nodes are assigned different colors. Second, GNNs are bounded by the network depth, making them possible to be a local method, which has been demonstrated to be non-optimal in Maximum Independent Set (MIS) problem. In this paper, we focus on the aggregation-combine GNNs (AC-GNNs), a popular class of GNNs. We first define the power of AC-GNNs in the coloring problem as the capability to assign nodes different colors. The definition is different with previous one that is based on the assumption of homophily. We identify node pairs that AC-GNNs fail to discriminate. Furthermore, we show that any AC-GNN is a local coloring method, and any local coloring method is non-optimal by exploring the limits of local methods over sparse random graphs, thereby demonstrating the non-optimality of AC-GNNs due to its local property. We then prove the positive correlation between model depth and its coloring power. Moreover, we discuss the color equivariance of graphs to tackle some practical constraints such as the pre-fixing constraints. Following the discussions above, we summarize a series of rules a series of rules that make a GNN color equivariant and powerful in the coloring problem. Then, we propose a simple AC-GNN variation satisfying these rules. We empirically validate our theoretical findings and demonstrate that our simple model substantially outperforms state-of-the-art heuristic algorithms in both quality and runtime.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>InvisibiliTee: Angle-agnostic Cloaking from Person-Tracking Systems with a Tee</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06962">arxiv:2208.06962</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yaxian Li, Bingqing Zhang, Guoping Zhao, Mingyu Zhang, Jiajun Liu, Ziwei Wang, Jirong Wen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** After a survey for person-tracking system-induced privacy concerns, we propose a black-box adversarial attack method on state-of-the-art human detection models called InvisibiliTee. The method learns printable adversarial patterns for T-shirts that cloak wearers in the physical world in front of person-tracking systems. We design an angle-agnostic learning scheme which utilizes segmentation of the fashion dataset and a geometric warping process so the adversarial patterns generated are effective in fooling person detectors from all camera angles and for unseen black-box detection models. Empirical results in both digital and physical environments show that with the InvisibiliTee on, person-tracking systems' ability to detect the wearer drops significantly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evaluating Dense Passage Retrieval using Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06959">arxiv:2208.06959</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nima Sadri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although representational retrieval models based on Transformers have been able to make major advances in the past few years, and despite the widely accepted conventions and best-practices for testing such models, a $\textit{standardized}$ evaluation framework for testing them has not been developed. In this work, we formalize the best practices and conventions followed by researchers in the literature, paving the path for more standardized evaluations - and therefore more fair comparisons between the models. Our framework (1) embeds the documents and queries; (2) for each query-document pair, computes the relevance score based on the dot product of the document and query embedding; (3) uses the $\texttt{dev}$ set of the MSMARCO dataset to evaluate the models; (4) uses the $\texttt{trec_eval}$ script to calculate MRR@100, which is the primary metric used to evaluate the models. Most importantly, we showcase the use of this framework by experimenting on some of the most well-known dense retrieval models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Continuous Active Learning Using Pretrained Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06955">arxiv:2208.06955</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nima Sadri, Gordon V. Cormack</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pre-trained and fine-tuned transformer models like BERT and T5 have improved the state of the art in ad-hoc retrieval and question-answering, but not as yet in high-recall information retrieval, where the objective is to retrieve substantially all relevant documents. We investigate whether the use of transformer-based models for reranking and/or featurization can improve the Baseline Model Implementation of the TREC Total Recall Track, which represents the current state of the art for high-recall information retrieval. We also introduce CALBERT, a model that can be used to continuously fine-tune a BERT-based model based on relevance feedback.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Model Generalization: A Sharpness Aware Optimization Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06915">arxiv:2208.06915</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jozef Marus Coldenhoff, Chengkun Li, Yurui Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sharpness-Aware Minimization (SAM) and adaptive sharpness-aware minimization (ASAM) aim to improve the model generalization. And in this project, we proposed three experiments to valid their generalization from the sharpness aware perspective. And our experiments show that sharpness aware-based optimization techniques could help to provide models with strong generalization ability. Our experiments also show that ASAM could improve the generalization performance on un-normalized data, but further research is needed to confirm this.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The SVD of Convolutional Weights: A CNN Interpretability Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06894">arxiv:2208.06894</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Brenda Praggastis, Davis Brown, Carlos Ortiz Marrero, Emilie Purvine, Madelyn Shapiro, Bei Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks used for image classification often use convolutional filters to extract distinguishing features before passing them to a linear classifier. Most interpretability literature focuses on providing semantic meaning to convolutional filters to explain a model's reasoning process and confirm its use of relevant information from the input domain. Fully connected layers can be studied by decomposing their weight matrices using a singular value decomposition, in effect studying the correlations between the rows in each matrix to discover the dynamics of the map. In this work we define a singular value decomposition for the weight tensor of a convolutional layer, which provides an analogous understanding of the correlations between filters, exposing the dynamics of the convolutional map. We validate our definition using recent results in random matrix theory. By applying the decomposition across the linear layers of an image classification network we suggest a framework against which interpretability methods might be applied using hypergraphs to model class separation. Rather than looking to the activations to explain the network, we use the singular vectors with the greatest corresponding singular values for each linear layer to identify those features most important to the network. We illustrate our approach with examples and introduce the DeepDataProfiler library, the analysis tool used for this study.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast Vocabulary Projection Method via Clustering for Multilingual Machine Translation on GPU</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06874">arxiv:2208.06874</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hossam Amer, Young Jin Kim, Mohamed Afify, Hitokazu Matsushita, Hany Hassan Awadallah</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multilingual Neural Machine Translation has been showing great success using transformer models. Deploying these models is challenging because they usually require large vocabulary (vocab) sizes for various languages. This limits the speed of predicting the output tokens in the last vocab projection layer. To alleviate these challenges, this paper proposes a fast vocabulary projection method via clustering which can be used for multilingual transformers on GPUs. First, we offline split the vocab search space into disjoint clusters given the hidden context vector of the decoder output, which results in much smaller vocab columns for vocab projection. Second, at inference time, the proposed method predicts the clusters and candidate active tokens for hidden context vectors at the vocab projection. This paper also includes analysis of different ways of building these clusters in multilingual settings. Our results show end-to-end speed gains in float16 GPU inference up to 25% while maintaining the BLEU score and slightly increasing memory cost. The proposed method speeds up the vocab projection step itself by up to 2.6x. We also conduct an extensive human evaluation to verify the proposed method preserves the quality of the translations from the original model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Virgo: Scalable Unsupervised Classification of Cosmological Shock Waves</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06859">arxiv:2208.06859</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Max Lamparth, Ludwig Böss, Ulrich Steinwandel, Klaus Dolag</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cosmological shock waves are essential to understanding the formation of cosmological structures. To study them, scientists run computationally expensive high-resolution 3D hydrodynamic simulations. Interpreting the simulation results is challenging because the resulting data sets are enormous, and the shock wave surfaces are hard to separate and classify due to their complex morphologies and multiple shock fronts intersecting. We introduce a novel pipeline, Virgo, combining physical motivation, scalability, and probabilistic robustness to tackle this unsolved unsupervised classification problem. To this end, we employ kernel principal component analysis with low-rank matrix approximations to denoise data sets of shocked particles and create labeled subsets. We perform supervised classification to recover full data resolution with stochastic variational deep kernel learning. We evaluate on three state-of-the-art data sets with varying complexity and achieve good results. The proposed pipeline runs automatically, has only a few hyperparameters, and performs well on all tested data sets. Our results are promising for large-scale applications, and we highlight now enabled future scientific work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reduced Implication-bias Logic Loss for Neuro-Symbolic Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06838">arxiv:2208.06838</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Haoyuan He, Wangzhou Dai, Ming Li, Yu Liu, Yongchang Ma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Integrating logical reasoning and machine learning by approximating logical inference with differentiable operators is a widely used technique in Neuro-Symbolic systems.
  However, some differentiable operators could bring a significant bias during backpropagation and degrade the performance of Neuro-Symbolic learning.
  In this paper, we reveal that this bias, named \textit{Implication Bias} is common in loss functions derived from fuzzy logic operators.
  Furthermore, we propose a simple yet effective method to transform the biased loss functions into \textit{Reduced Implication-bias Logic Loss (RILL)} to address the above problem.
  Empirical study shows that RILL can achieve significant improvements compared with the biased logic loss functions, especially when the knowledge base is incomplete, and keeps more robust than the compared methods when labelled data is insufficient.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DisenHCN: Disentangled Hypergraph Convolutional Networks for Spatiotemporal Activity Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06794">arxiv:2208.06794</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yinfeng Li, Chen Gao, Quanming Yao, Tong Li, Depeng Jin, Yong Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spatiotemporal activity prediction, aiming to predict user activities at a specific location and time, is crucial for applications like urban planning and mobile advertising. Existing solutions based on tensor decomposition or graph embedding suffer from the following two major limitations: 1) ignoring the fine-grained similarities of user preferences; 2) user's modeling is entangled. In this work, we propose a hypergraph neural network model called DisenHCN to bridge the above gaps. In particular, we first unify the fine-grained user similarity and the complex matching between user preferences and spatiotemporal activity into a heterogeneous hypergraph. We then disentangle the user representations into different aspects (location-aware, time-aware, and activity-aware) and aggregate corresponding aspect's features on the constructed hypergraph, capturing high-order relations from different aspects and disentangles the impact of each aspect for final prediction. Extensive experiments show that our DisenHCN outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by 14.23% to 18.10% on four real-world datasets. Further studies also convincingly verify the rationality of each component in our DisenHCN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Multi-objective Memetic Algorithm for Auto Adversarial Attack Optimization Design</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06984">arxiv:2208.06984</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jialiang Sun, Wen Yao, Tingsong Jiang, Xiaoqian Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The phenomenon of adversarial examples has been revealed in variant scenarios. Recent studies show that well-designed adversarial defense strategies can improve the robustness of deep learning models against adversarial examples. However, with the rapid development of defense technologies, it also tends to be more difficult to evaluate the robustness of the defensed model due to the weak performance of existing manually designed adversarial attacks. To address the challenge, given the defensed model, the efficient adversarial attack with less computational burden and lower robust accuracy is needed to be further exploited. Therefore, we propose a multi-objective memetic algorithm for auto adversarial attack optimization design, which realizes the automatical search for the near-optimal adversarial attack towards defensed models. Firstly, the more general mathematical model of auto adversarial attack optimization design is constructed, where the search space includes not only the attacker operations, magnitude, iteration number, and loss functions but also the connection ways of multiple adversarial attacks. In addition, we develop a multi-objective memetic algorithm combining NSGA-II and local search to solve the optimization problem. Finally, to decrease the evaluation cost during the search, we propose a representative data selection strategy based on the sorting of cross entropy loss values of each images output by models. Experiments on CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and ImageNet datasets show the effectiveness of our proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainable Artificial Intelligence for Assault Sentence Prediction in New Zealand</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06981">arxiv:2208.06981</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Harry Rodger, Andrew Lensen, Marcin Betkier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The judiciary has historically been conservative in its use of Artificial Intelligence, but recent advances in machine learning have prompted scholars to reconsider such use in tasks like sentence prediction. This paper investigates by experimentation the potential use of explainable artificial intelligence for predicting imprisonment sentences in assault cases in New Zealand's courts. We propose a proof-of-concept explainable model and verify in practice that it is fit for purpose, with predicted sentences accurate to within one year. We further analyse the model to understand the most influential phrases in sentence length prediction. We conclude the paper with an evaluative discussion of the future benefits and risks of different ways of using such an AI model in New Zealand's courts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Privacy-Preserving Decentralized Inference with Graph Neural Networks in Wireless Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06963">arxiv:2208.06963</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mengyuan Lee, Guanding Yu, Huaiyu Dai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As an efficient neural network model for graph data, graph neural networks (GNNs) recently find successful applications for various wireless optimization problems. Given that the inference stage of GNNs can be naturally implemented in a decentralized manner, GNN is a potential enabler for decentralized control/management in the next-generation wireless communications. Privacy leakage, however, may occur due to the information exchanges among neighbors during decentralized inference with GNNs. To deal with this issue, in this paper, we analyze and enhance the privacy of decentralized inference with GNNs in wireless networks. Specifically, we adopt local differential privacy as the metric, and design novel privacy-preserving signals as well as privacy-guaranteed training algorithms to achieve privacy-preserving inference. We also define the SNR-privacy trade-off function to analyze the performance upper bound of decentralized inference with GNNs in wireless networks. To further enhance the communication and computation efficiency, we adopt the over-the-air computation technique and theoretically demonstrate its advantage in privacy preservation. Through extensive simulations on the synthetic graph data, we validate our theoretical analysis, verify the effectiveness of proposed privacy-preserving wireless signaling and privacy-guaranteed training algorithm, and offer some guidance on practical implementation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GNPassGAN: Improved Generative Adversarial Networks For Trawling Offline Password Guessing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06943">arxiv:2208.06943</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Fangyi Yu, Miguel Vargas Martin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The security of passwords depends on a thorough understanding of the strategies used by attackers. Unfortunately, real-world adversaries use pragmatic guessing tactics like dictionary attacks, which are difficult to simulate in password security research. Dictionary attacks must be carefully configured and modified to represent an actual threat. This approach, however, needs domain-specific knowledge and expertise that are difficult to duplicate. This paper reviews various deep learning-based password guessing approaches that do not require domain knowledge or assumptions about users' password structures and combinations. It also introduces GNPassGAN, a password guessing tool built on generative adversarial networks for trawling offline attacks. In comparison to the state-of-the-art PassGAN model, GNPassGAN is capable of guessing 88.03\% more passwords and generating 31.69\% fewer duplicates.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HighlightNet: Highlighting Low-Light Potential Features for Real-Time UAV Tracking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06818">arxiv:2208.06818</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Changhong Fu, Haolin Dong, Junjie Ye, Guangze Zheng, Sihang Li, Jilin Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Low-light environments have posed a formidable challenge for robust unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) tracking even with state-of-the-art (SOTA) trackers since the potential image features are hard to extract under adverse light conditions. Besides, due to the low visibility, accurate online selection of the object also becomes extremely difficult for human monitors to initialize UAV tracking in ground control stations. To solve these problems, this work proposes a novel enhancer, i.e., HighlightNet, to light up potential objects for both human operators and UAV trackers. By employing Transformer, HighlightNet can adjust enhancement parameters according to global features and is thus adaptive for the illumination variation. Pixel-level range mask is introduced to make HighlightNet more focused on the enhancement of the tracking object and regions without light sources. Furthermore, a soft truncation mechanism is built to prevent background noise from being mistaken for crucial features. Evaluations on image enhancement benchmarks demonstrate HighlightNet has advantages in facilitating human perception. Experiments on the public UAVDark135 benchmark show that HightlightNet is more suitable for UAV tracking tasks than other SOTA low-light enhancers. In addition, real-world tests on a typical UAV platform verify HightlightNet's practicability and efficiency in nighttime aerial tracking-related applications. The code and demo videos are available at https://github.com/vision4robotics/HighlightNet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How Does Data Freshness Affect Real-time Supervised Learning?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06948">arxiv:2208.06948</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Md Kamran Chowdhury Shisher, Yin Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we analyze the impact of data freshness on real-time supervised learning, where a neural network is trained to infer a time-varying target (e.g., the position of the vehicle in front) based on features (e.g., video frames) observed at a sensing node (e.g., camera or lidar). One might expect that the performance of real-time supervised learning degrades monotonically as the feature becomes stale. Using an information-theoretic analysis, we show that this is true if the feature and target data sequence can be closely approximated as a Markov chain; it is not true if the data sequence is far from Markovian. Hence, the prediction error of real-time supervised learning is a function of the Age of Information (AoI), where the function could be non-monotonic. Several experiments are conducted to illustrate the monotonic and non-monotonic behaviors of the prediction error. To minimize the inference error in real-time, we propose a new "selection-from-buffer" model for sending the features, which is more general than the "generate-at-will" model used in earlier studies. By using Gittins and Whittle indices, low-complexity scheduling strategies are developed to minimize the inference error, where a new connection between the Gittins index theory and Age of Information (AoI) minimization is discovered. These scheduling results hold (i) for minimizing general AoI functions (monotonic or non-monotonic) and (ii) for general feature transmission time distributions. Data-driven evaluations are presented to illustrate the benefits of the proposed scheduling algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Shuffle Instances-based Vision Transformer for Pancreatic Cancer ROSE Image Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06833">arxiv:2208.06833</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tianyi Zhang, Youdan Feng, Yunlu Feng, Yu Zhao, Yanli Lei, Nan Ying, Zhiling Yan, Yufang He, Guanglei Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The rapid on-site evaluation (ROSE) technique can signifi-cantly accelerate the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer by im-mediately analyzing the fast-stained cytopathological images. Computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) can potentially address the shortage of pathologists in ROSE. However, the cancerous patterns vary significantly between different samples, making the CAD task extremely challenging. Besides, the ROSE images have complicated perturbations regarding color distribution, brightness, and contrast due to different staining qualities and various acquisition device types. To address these challenges, we proposed a shuffle instances-based Vision Transformer (SI-ViT) approach, which can reduce the perturbations and enhance the modeling among the instances. With the regrouped bags of shuffle instances and their bag-level soft labels, the approach utilizes a regression head to make the model focus on the cells rather than various perturbations. Simultaneously, combined with a classification head, the model can effectively identify the general distributive patterns among different instances. The results demonstrate significant improvements in the classification accuracy with more accurate attention regions, indicating that the diverse patterns of ROSE images are effectively extracted, and the complicated perturbations are significantly reduced. It also suggests that the SI-ViT has excellent potential in analyzing cytopathological images. The code and experimental results are available at https://github.com/sagizty/MIL-SI.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Surrogate-assisted Multi-objective Neural Architecture Search for Real-time Semantic Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06820">arxiv:2208.06820</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhichao Lu, Ran Cheng, Shihua Huang, Haoming Zhang, Changxiao Qiu, Fan Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The architectural advancements in deep neural networks have led to remarkable leap-forwards across a broad array of computer vision tasks. Instead of relying on human expertise, neural architecture search (NAS) has emerged as a promising avenue toward automating the design of architectures. While recent achievements in image classification have suggested opportunities, the promises of NAS have yet to be thoroughly assessed on more challenging tasks of semantic segmentation. The main challenges of applying NAS to semantic segmentation arise from two aspects: (i) high-resolution images to be processed; (ii) additional requirement of real-time inference speed (i.e., real-time semantic segmentation) for applications such as autonomous driving. To meet such challenges, we propose a surrogate-assisted multi-objective method in this paper. Through a series of customized prediction models, our method effectively transforms the original NAS task into an ordinary multi-objective optimization problem. Followed by a hierarchical pre-screening criterion for in-fill selection, our method progressively achieves a set of efficient architectures trading-off between segmentation accuracy and inference speed. Empirical evaluations on three benchmark datasets together with an application using Huawei Atlas 200 DK suggest that our method can identify architectures significantly outperforming existing state-of-the-art architectures designed both manually by human experts and automatically by other NAS methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Energy-Exergy Analysis and Optimal Design of a Hydrogen Turbofan Engine</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08890">arxiv:2208.08890</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Mohammadreza Sabzehali, Somayeh Davoodabadi Farahani, Amir Mosavi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this study, the effect of inlet air cooling and fuel type on the performance parameters of thrust-specific fuel consumption (TSFC), thermal and exergetic efficiencies, entropy generation rate, and Nitrogen oxide emission intensity index (SNOx) of the GENX 1B70 engine is analyzed in two states of take-off and on design. The results show that with a 20-degree delicious reduction in inlet air temperature on design conditions and JP10 fuel usage, the thermal efficiency and entropy generation rate, thrust and fuel mass flow rate, and TSFC of the engine increase by 1.85 percent, 16.51 percent, 11.76 percent, 10.53 percent, and 2.15 percent and SNOx and exergetic efficiency decrease by 2.11 percent and 26.60 percent, respectively. Also, optimization of the GENX 1B70 engine cycle as hydrogen fuel usage with three separate objective functions: thrust maximization, thermal efficiency maximization, and propulsive efficiency maximization on design point condition was performed based on the Genetic algorithm. Based on the economic approach and exero-environmental, the best cycles from the optimal states were selected using the TOPSIS algorithm. In on design conditions, entropy generation rate, nitrogen oxide production rate, and TSFC for the chosen cycle based on the economic approach +18.89 percent, +10.01 percent, and -0.21percent, respectively, and based on the exero-environmental approach -54.03percent, -42.02percent, and +21.44percent change compared to the base engine, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HyP$^2$ Loss: Beyond Hypersphere Metric Space for Multi-label Image Retrieval</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.06866">arxiv:2208.06866</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Chengyin Xu, Zenghao Chai, Zhengzhuo Xu, Chun Yuan, Yanbo Fan, Jue Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image retrieval has become an increasingly appealing technique with broad multimedia application prospects, where deep hashing serves as the dominant branch towards low storage and efficient retrieval. In this paper, we carried out in-depth investigations on metric learning in deep hashing for establishing a powerful metric space in multi-label scenarios, where the pair loss suffers high computational overhead and converge difficulty, while the proxy loss is theoretically incapable of expressing the profound label dependencies and exhibits conflicts in the constructed hypersphere space. To address the problems, we propose a novel metric learning framework with Hybrid Proxy-Pair Loss (HyP$^2$ Loss) that constructs an expressive metric space with efficient training complexity w.r.t. the whole dataset. The proposed HyP$^2$ Loss focuses on optimizing the hypersphere space by learnable proxies and excavating data-to-data correlations of irrelevant pairs, which integrates sufficient data correspondence of pair-based methods and high-efficiency of proxy-based methods. Extensive experiments on four standard multi-label benchmarks justify the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art, is robust among different hash bits and achieves significant performance gains with a faster, more stable convergence speed. Our code is available at https://github.com/JerryXu0129/HyP2-Loss.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.08.13]({{ '/2022/08/13/2022.08.13.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.08.15]({{ '/2022/08/15/2022.08.15.html' | relative_url }})