Prev: [2022.09.10]({{ '/2022/09/10/2022.09.10.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.09.12]({{ '/2022/09/12/2022.09.12.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-09-11, created on 2022-09-21


<details><summary><b>Git Re-Basin: Merging Models modulo Permutation Symmetries</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04836">arxiv:2209.04836</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10900 <br>
<p>Samuel K. Ainsworth, Jonathan Hayase, Siddhartha Srinivasa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The success of deep learning is thanks to our ability to solve certain massive non-convex optimization problems with relative ease. Despite non-convex optimization being NP-hard, simple algorithms -- often variants of stochastic gradient descent -- exhibit surprising effectiveness in fitting large neural networks in practice. We argue that neural network loss landscapes contain (nearly) a single basin, after accounting for all possible permutation symmetries of hidden units. We introduce three algorithms to permute the units of one model to bring them into alignment with units of a reference model. This transformation produces a functionally equivalent set of weights that lie in an approximately convex basin near the reference model. Experimentally, we demonstrate the single basin phenomenon across a variety of model architectures and datasets, including the first (to our knowledge) demonstration of zero-barrier linear mode connectivity between independently trained ResNet models on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100. Additionally, we identify intriguing phenomena relating model width and training time to mode connectivity across a variety of models and datasets. Finally, we discuss shortcomings of a single basin theory, including a counterexample to the linear mode connectivity hypothesis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning When to Say "I Don't Know"</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04944">arxiv:2209.04944</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4640 <br>
<p>Nicholas Kashani Motlagh, Jim Davis, Tim Anderson, Jeremy Gwinnup</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new Reject Option Classification technique to identify and remove regions of uncertainty in the decision space for a given neural classifier and dataset. Such existing formulations employ a learned rejection (remove)/selection (keep) function and require either a known cost for rejecting examples or strong constraints on the accuracy or coverage of the selected examples. We consider an alternative formulation by instead analyzing the complementary reject region and employing a validation set to learn per-class softmax thresholds. The goal is to maximize the accuracy of the selected examples subject to a natural randomness allowance on the rejected examples (rejecting more incorrect than correct predictions). We provide results showing the benefits of the proposed method over naïvely thresholding calibrated/uncalibrated softmax scores with 2-D points, imagery, and text classification datasets using state-of-the-art pretrained models. Source code is available at https://github.com/osu-cvl/learning-idk.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>"Calibeating": Beating Forecasters at Their Own Game</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04892">arxiv:2209.04892</a>
&#x1F4C8; 59 <br>
<p>Dean P. Foster, Sergiu Hart</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In order to identify expertise, forecasters should not be tested by their calibration score, which can always be made arbitrarily small, but rather by their Brier score. The Brier score is the sum of the calibration score and the refinement score; the latter measures how good the sorting into bins with the same forecast is, and thus attests to "expertise." This raises the question of whether one can gain calibration without losing expertise, which we refer to as "calibeating." We provide an easy way to calibeat any forecast, by a deterministic online procedure. We moreover show that calibeating can be achieved by a stochastic procedure that is itself calibrated, and then extend the results to simultaneously calibeating multiple procedures, and to deterministic procedures that are continuously calibrated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Knowledge Base Question Answering: A Semantic Parsing Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04994">arxiv:2209.04994</a>
&#x1F4C8; 41 <br>
<p>Yu Gu, Vardaan Pahuja, Gong Cheng, Yu Su</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances in deep learning have greatly propelled the research on semantic parsing. Improvement has since been made in many downstream tasks, including natural language interface to web APIs, text-to-SQL generation, among others. However, despite the close connection shared with these tasks, research on question answering over knowledge bases (KBQA) has comparatively been progressing slowly. We identify and attribute this to two unique challenges of KBQA, schema-level complexity and fact-level complexity. In this survey, we situate KBQA in the broader literature of semantic parsing and give a comprehensive account of how existing KBQA approaches attempt to address the unique challenges. Regardless of the unique challenges, we argue that we can still take much inspiration from the literature of semantic parsing, which has been overlooked by existing research on KBQA. Based on our discussion, we can better understand the bottleneck of current KBQA research and shed light on promising directions for KBQA to keep up with the literature of semantic parsing, particularly in the era of pre-trained language models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Instruction-driven history-aware policies for robotic manipulations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04899">arxiv:2209.04899</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Pierre-Louis Guhur, Shizhe Chen, Ricardo Garcia, Makarand Tapaswi, Ivan Laptev, Cordelia Schmid</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In human environments, robots are expected to accomplish a variety of manipulation tasks given simple natural language instructions. Yet, robotic manipulation is extremely challenging as it requires fine-grained motor control, long-term memory as well as generalization to previously unseen tasks and environments. To address these challenges, we propose a unified transformer-based approach that takes into account multiple inputs. In particular, our transformer architecture integrates (i) natural language instructions and (ii) multi-view scene observations while (iii) keeping track of the full history of observations and actions. Such an approach enables learning dependencies between history and instructions and improves manipulation precision using multiple views. We evaluate our method on the challenging RLBench benchmark and on a real-world robot. Notably, our approach scales to 74 diverse RLBench tasks and outperforms the state of the art. We also address instruction-conditioned tasks and demonstrate excellent generalization to previously unseen variations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptive Perturbation-Based Gradient Estimation for Discrete Latent Variable Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04862">arxiv:2209.04862</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Pasquale Minervini, Luca Franceschi, Mathias Niepert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The integration of discrete algorithmic components in deep learning architectures has numerous applications. Recently, Implicit Maximum Likelihood Estimation (IMLE, Niepert, Minervini, and Franceschi 2021), a class of gradient estimators for discrete exponential family distributions, was proposed by combining implicit differentiation through perturbation with the path-wise gradient estimator. However, due to the finite difference approximation of the gradients, it is especially sensitive to the choice of the finite difference step size which needs to be specified by the user. In this work, we present Adaptive IMLE (AIMLE) the first adaptive gradient estimator for complex discrete distributions: it adaptively identifies the target distribution for IMLE by trading off the density of gradient information with the degree of bias in the gradient estimates. We empirically evaluate our estimator on synthetic examples, as well as on Learning to Explain, Discrete Variational Auto-Encoders, and Neural Relational Inference tasks. In our experiments, we show that our adaptive gradient estimator can produce faithful estimates while requiring orders of magnitude fewer samples than other gradient estimators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Molecular Multimodal Foundation Model Associating Molecule Graphs with Natural Language</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.05481">arxiv:2209.05481</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Bing Su, Dazhao Du, Zhao Yang, Yujie Zhou, Jiangmeng Li, Anyi Rao, Hao Sun, Zhiwu Lu, Ji-Rong Wen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although artificial intelligence (AI) has made significant progress in understanding molecules in a wide range of fields, existing models generally acquire the single cognitive ability from the single molecular modality. Since the hierarchy of molecular knowledge is profound, even humans learn from different modalities including both intuitive diagrams and professional texts to assist their understanding. Inspired by this, we propose a molecular multimodal foundation model which is pretrained from molecular graphs and their semantically related textual data (crawled from published Scientific Citation Index papers) via contrastive learning. This AI model represents a critical attempt that directly bridges molecular graphs and natural language. Importantly, through capturing the specific and complementary information of the two modalities, our proposed model can better grasp molecular expertise. Experimental results show that our model not only exhibits promising performance in cross-modal tasks such as cross-modal retrieval and molecule caption, but also enhances molecular property prediction and possesses capability to generate meaningful molecular graphs from natural language descriptions. We believe that our model would have a broad impact on AI-empowered fields across disciplines such as biology, chemistry, materials, environment, and medicine, among others.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PoseIt: A Visual-Tactile Dataset of Holding Poses for Grasp Stability Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.05022">arxiv:2209.05022</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Shubham Kanitkar, Helen Jiang, Wenzhen Yuan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When humans grasp objects in the real world, we often move our arms to hold the object in a different pose where we can use it. In contrast, typical lab settings only study the stability of the grasp immediately after lifting, without any subsequent re-positioning of the arm. However, the grasp stability could vary widely based on the object's holding pose, as the gravitational torque and gripper contact forces could change completely. To facilitate the study of how holding poses affect grasp stability, we present PoseIt, a novel multi-modal dataset that contains visual and tactile data collected from a full cycle of grasping an object, re-positioning the arm to one of the sampled poses, and shaking the object. Using data from PoseIt, we can formulate and tackle the task of predicting whether a grasped object is stable in a particular held pose. We train an LSTM classifier that achieves 85% accuracy on the proposed task. Our experimental results show that multi-modal models trained on PoseIt achieve higher accuracy than using solely vision or tactile data and that our classifiers can also generalize to unseen objects and poses.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Consumer Preferences from Bundle Sales Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04942">arxiv:2209.04942</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Ningyuan Chen, Setareh Farajollahzadeh, Guan Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Product bundling is a common selling mechanism used in online retailing. To set profitable bundle prices, the seller needs to learn consumer preferences from the transaction data. When customers purchase bundles or multiple products, classical methods such as discrete choice models cannot be used to estimate customers' valuations. In this paper, we propose an approach to learn the distribution of consumers' valuations toward the products using bundle sales data. The approach reduces it to an estimation problem where the samples are censored by polyhedral regions. Using the EM algorithm and Monte Carlo simulation, our approach can recover the distribution of consumers' valuations. The framework allows for unobserved no-purchases and clustered market segments. We provide theoretical results on the identifiability of the probability model and the convergence of the EM algorithm. The performance of the approach is also demonstrated numerically.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Public Reaction to Scientific Research via Twitter Sentiment Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.07333">arxiv:2209.07333</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Murtuza Shahzad, Hamed Alhoori</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Social media users share their ideas, thoughts, and emotions with other users. However, it is not clear how online users would respond to new research outcomes. This study aims to predict the nature of the emotions expressed by Twitter users toward scientific publications. Additionally, we investigate what features of the research articles help in such prediction. Identifying the sentiments of research articles on social media will help scientists gauge a new societal impact of their research articles.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Subquadratic Kronecker Regression with Applications to Tensor Decomposition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04876">arxiv:2209.04876</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Matthew Fahrbach, Thomas Fu, Mehrdad Ghadiri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Kronecker regression is a highly-structured least squares problem $\min_{\mathbf{x}} \lVert \mathbf{K}\mathbf{x} - \mathbf{b} \rVert_{2}^2$, where the design matrix $\mathbf{K} = \mathbf{A}^{(1)} \otimes \cdots \otimes \mathbf{A}^{(N)}$ is a Kronecker product of factor matrices. This regression problem arises in each step of the widely-used alternating least squares (ALS) algorithm for computing the Tucker decomposition of a tensor. We present the first subquadratic-time algorithm for solving Kronecker regression to a $(1+\varepsilon)$-approximation that avoids the exponential term $O(\varepsilon^{-N})$ in the running time. Our techniques combine leverage score sampling and iterative methods. By extending our approach to block-design matrices where one block is a Kronecker product, we also achieve subquadratic-time algorithms for (1) Kronecker ridge regression and (2) updating the factor matrix of a Tucker decomposition in ALS, which is not a pure Kronecker regression problem, thereby improving the running time of all steps of Tucker ALS. We demonstrate the speed and accuracy of this Kronecker regression algorithm on synthetic data and real-world image tensors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Domain Adaptation for Question Answering via Question Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04998">arxiv:2209.04998</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhenrui Yue, Huimin Zeng, Ziyi Kou, Lanyu Shang, Dong Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Question answering (QA) has demonstrated impressive progress in answering questions from customized domains. Nevertheless, domain adaptation remains one of the most elusive challenges for QA systems, especially when QA systems are trained in a source domain but deployed in a different target domain. In this work, we investigate the potential benefits of question classification for QA domain adaptation. We propose a novel framework: Question Classification for Question Answering (QC4QA). Specifically, a question classifier is adopted to assign question classes to both the source and target data. Then, we perform joint training in a self-supervised fashion via pseudo-labeling. For optimization, inter-domain discrepancy between the source and target domain is reduced via maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) distance. We additionally minimize intra-class discrepancy among QA samples of the same question class for fine-grained adaptation performance. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work in QA domain adaptation to leverage question classification with self-supervised adaptation. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed QC4QA with consistent improvements against the state-of-the-art baselines on multiple datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A novel learning-based robust model predictive control energy management strategy for fuel cell electric vehicles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04995">arxiv:2209.04995</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shibo Li, Zhuoran Hou, Liang Chu, Jingjing Jiang, Yuanjian Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The multi-source electromechanical coupling makes the energy management of fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs) relatively nonlinear and complex especially in the types of 4-wheel-drive (4WD) FCEVs. Accurate state observing for complicated nonlinear system is the basis for fantastic energy managing in FCEVs. Aiming at releasing the energy-saving potential of FCEVs, a novel learning-based robust model predictive control (LRMPC) strategy is proposed for a 4WD FCEV, contributing to suitable power distribution among multiple energy sources. The well-designed strategy based on machine learning (ML) translates the knowledge of the nonlinear system to the explicit controlling scheme with superior robust performance. To start with, ML methods with high regression accuracy and superior generalization ability are trained offline to establish the precise state observer for SOC. Then, explicit data tables for SOC generated by state observer are used for grabbing accurate state changing, whose input features include the vehicle status and the states of vehicle components. To be specific, the vehicle velocity estimation for providing future speed reference is constructed by deep forest. Next, the components including explicit data tables and vehicle velocity estimation are combined with model predictive control (MPC) to release the state-of-the-art energy-saving ability for the multi-freedom system in FCEVs, whose name is LRMPC. At last, the detailed assessment is performed in simulation test to validate the advancing performance of LRMPC. The corresponding results highlight the optimal control effect in energy-saving potential and strong real-time application ability of LRMPC.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Kernel Learning for Explainable Climate Science</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04947">arxiv:2209.04947</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Vidhi Lalchand, Kenza Tazi, Talay M. Cheema, Richard E. Turner, Scott Hosking</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Upper Indus Basin, Himalayas provides water for 270 million people and countless ecosystems. However, precipitation, a key component to hydrological modelling, is poorly understood in this area. A key challenge surrounding this uncertainty comes from the complex spatial-temporal distribution of precipitation across the basin. In this work we propose Gaussian processes with structured non-stationary kernels to model precipitation patterns in the UIB. Previous attempts to quantify or model precipitation in the Hindu Kush Karakoram Himalayan region have often been qualitative or include crude assumptions and simplifications which cannot be resolved at lower resolutions. This body of research also provides little to no error propagation. We account for the spatial variation in precipitation with a non-stationary Gibbs kernel parameterised with an input dependent lengthscale. This allows the posterior function samples to adapt to the varying precipitation patterns inherent in the distinct underlying topography of the Indus region. The input dependent lengthscale is governed by a latent Gaussian process with a stationary squared-exponential kernel to allow the function level hyperparameters to vary smoothly. In ablation experiments we motivate each component of the proposed kernel by demonstrating its ability to model the spatial covariance, temporal structure and joint spatio-temporal reconstruction. We benchmark our model with a stationary Gaussian process and a Deep Gaussian processes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Applying wav2vec2 for Speech Recognition on Bengali Common Voices Dataset</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.06581">arxiv:2209.06581</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>H. A. Z. Sameen Shahgir, Khondker Salman Sayeed, Tanjeem Azwad Zaman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Speech is inherently continuous, where discrete words, phonemes and other units are not clearly segmented, and so speech recognition has been an active research problem for decades. In this work we have fine-tuned wav2vec 2.0 to recognize and transcribe Bengali speech -- training it on the Bengali Common Voice Speech Dataset. After training for 71 epochs, on a training set consisting of 36919 mp3 files, we achieved a training loss of 0.3172 and WER of 0.2524 on a validation set of size 7,747. Using a 5-gram language model, the Levenshtein Distance was 2.6446 on a test set of size 7,747. Then the training set and validation set were combined, shuffled and split into 85-15 ratio. Training for 7 more epochs on this combined dataset yielded an improved Levenshtein Distance of 2.60753 on the test set. Our model was the best performing one, achieving a Levenshtein Distance of 6.234 on a hidden dataset, which was 1.1049 units lower than other competing submissions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploiting Expert Knowledge for Assigning Firms to Industries: A Novel Deep Learning Method</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.05943">arxiv:2209.05943</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xiaohang Zhao, Xiao Fang, Jing He, Lihua Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Industry assignment, which assigns firms to industries according to a predefined Industry Classification System (ICS), is fundamental to a large number of critical business practices, ranging from operations and strategic decision making by firms to economic analyses by government agencies. Three types of expert knowledge are essential to effective industry assignment: definition-based knowledge (i.e., expert definitions of each industry), structure-based knowledge (i.e., structural relationships among industries as specified in an ICS), and assignment-based knowledge (i.e., prior firm-industry assignments performed by domain experts). Existing industry assignment methods utilize only assignment-based knowledge to learn a model that classifies unassigned firms to industries, and overlook definition-based and structure-based knowledge. Moreover, these methods only consider which industry a firm has been assigned to, but ignore the time-specificity of assignment-based knowledge, i.e., when the assignment occurs. To address the limitations of existing methods, we propose a novel deep learning-based method that not only seamlessly integrates the three types of knowledge for industry assignment but also takes the time-specificity of assignment-based knowledge into account. Methodologically, our method features two innovations: dynamic industry representation and hierarchical assignment. The former represents an industry as a sequence of time-specific vectors by integrating the three types of knowledge through our proposed temporal and spatial aggregation mechanisms. The latter takes industry and firm representations as inputs, computes the probability of assigning a firm to different industries, and assigns the firm to the industry with the highest probability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FiBiNet++:Improving FiBiNet by Greatly Reducing Model Size for CTR Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.05016">arxiv:2209.05016</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Pengtao Zhang, Junlin Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Click-Through Rate(CTR) estimation has become one of the most fundamental tasks in many real-world applications and various deep models have been proposed to resolve this problem. Some research has proved that FiBiNet is one of the best performance models and outperforms all other models on Avazu dataset.However, the large model size of FiBiNet hinders its wider applications.In this paper, we propose a novel FiBiNet++ model to redesign FiBiNet's model structure ,which greatly reducess model size while further improves its performance.Extensive experiments on three public datasets show that FiBiNet++ effectively reduces non-embedding model parameters of FiBiNet by 12x to 16x on three datasets and has comparable model size with DNN model which is the smallest one among deep CTR models.On the other hand, FiBiNet++ leads to significant performance improvements compared to state-of-the-art CTR methods,including FiBiNet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pathfinding in Random Partially Observable Environments with Vision-Informed Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04801">arxiv:2209.04801</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Anthony Dowling</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep reinforcement learning is a technique for solving problems in a variety of environments, ranging from Atari video games to stock trading. This method leverages deep neural network models to make decisions based on observations of a given environment with the goal of maximizing a reward function that can incorporate cost and rewards for reaching goals. With the aim of pathfinding, reward conditions can include reaching a specified target area along with costs for movement. In this work, multiple Deep Q-Network (DQN) agents are trained to operate in a partially observable environment with the goal of reaching a target zone in minimal travel time. The agent operates based on a visual representation of its surroundings, and thus has a restricted capability to observe the environment. A comparison between DQN, DQN-GRU, and DQN-LSTM is performed to examine each models capabilities with two different types of input. Through this evaluation, it is been shown that with equivalent training and analogous model architectures, a DQN model is able to outperform its recurrent counterparts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sampling for network function learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.07342">arxiv:2209.07342</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Li-Chun Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Given a valued graph, where both the nodes and the edges of the graph are associated with one or several values, any network function for a given node must be defined in terms of that node and its connected nodes in the graph. Generally, applying the same definition to the whole graph or any given subgraph of it would result in systematically different network functions. In this paper we consider the feasibility of graph sampling approach to network function learning, as well as the corresponding learning methods based on the sample graphs. This can be useful either when the edges are unknown to start with or the graph is too large (or dynamic) to be processed entirely.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Patching Weak Convolutional Neural Network Models through Modularization and Composition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.06116">arxiv:2209.06116</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Binhang Qi, Hailong Sun, Xiang Gao, Hongyu Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite great success in many applications, deep neural networks are not always robust in practice. For instance, a convolutional neuron network (CNN) model for classification tasks often performs unsatisfactorily in classifying some particular classes of objects. In this work, we are concerned with patching the weak part of a CNN model instead of improving it through the costly retraining of the entire model. Inspired by the fundamental concepts of modularization and composition in software engineering, we propose a compressed modularization approach, CNNSplitter, which decomposes a strong CNN model for $N$-class classification into $N$ smaller CNN modules. Each module is a sub-model containing a part of the convolution kernels of the strong model. To patch a weak CNN model that performs unsatisfactorily on a target class (TC), we compose the weak CNN model with the corresponding module obtained from a strong CNN model. The ability of the weak CNN model to recognize the TC can thus be improved through patching. Moreover, the ability to recognize non-TCs is also improved, as the samples misclassified as TC could be classified as non-TCs correctly. Experimental results with two representative CNNs on three widely-used datasets show that the averaged improvement on the TC in terms of precision and recall are 12.54% and 2.14%, respectively. Moreover, patching improves the accuracy of non-TCs by 1.18%. The results demonstrate that CNNSplitter can patch a weak CNN model through modularization and composition, thus providing a new solution for developing robust CNN models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analysing the Predictivity of Features to Characterise the Search Space</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.06114">arxiv:2209.06114</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rafet Durgut, Mehmet Emin Aydin, Hisham Ihshaish, Abdur Rakib</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Exploring search spaces is one of the most unpredictable challenges that has attracted the interest of researchers for decades. One way to handle unpredictability is to characterise the search spaces and take actions accordingly. A well-characterised search space can assist in mapping the problem states to a set of operators for generating new problem states. In this paper, a landscape analysis-based set of features has been analysed using the most renown machine learning approaches to determine the optimal feature set. However, in order to deal with problem complexity and induce commonality for transferring experience across domains, the selection of the most representative features remains crucial. The proposed approach analyses the predictivity of a set of features in order to determine the best categorization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Partial Observability during DRL for Robot Control</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04999">arxiv:2209.04999</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lingheng Meng, Rob Gorbet, Dana Kulić</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) has made tremendous advances in both simulated and real-world robot control tasks in recent years. Nevertheless, applying DRL to novel robot control tasks is still challenging, especially when researchers have to design the action and observation space and the reward function. In this paper, we investigate partial observability as a potential failure source of applying DRL to robot control tasks, which can occur when researchers are not confident whether the observation space fully represents the underlying state. We compare the performance of three common DRL algorithms, TD3, SAC and PPO under various partial observability conditions. We find that TD3 and SAC become easily stuck in local optima and underperform PPO. We propose multi-step versions of the vanilla TD3 and SAC to improve robustness to partial observability based on one-step bootstrapping.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data-Driven Blind Synchronization and Interference Rejection for Digital Communication Signals</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04871">arxiv:2209.04871</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alejandro Lancho, Amir Weiss, Gary C. F. Lee, Jennifer Tang, Yuheng Bu, Yury Polyanskiy, Gregory W. Wornell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the potential of data-driven deep learning methods for separation of two communication signals from an observation of their mixture. In particular, we assume knowledge on the generation process of one of the signals, dubbed signal of interest (SOI), and no knowledge on the generation process of the second signal, referred to as interference. This form of the single-channel source separation problem is also referred to as interference rejection. We show that capturing high-resolution temporal structures (nonstationarities), which enables accurate synchronization to both the SOI and the interference, leads to substantial performance gains. With this key insight, we propose a domain-informed neural network (NN) design that is able to improve upon both "off-the-shelf" NNs and classical detection and interference rejection methods, as demonstrated in our simulations. Our findings highlight the key role communication-specific domain knowledge plays in the development of data-driven approaches that hold the promise of unprecedented gains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Lossy Plus Residual Coding for Lossless and Near-lossless Image Compression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04847">arxiv:2209.04847</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yuanchao Bai, Xianming Liu, Kai Wang, Xiangyang Ji, Xiaolin Wu, Wen Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Lossless and near-lossless image compression is of paramount importance to professional users in many technical fields, such as medicine, remote sensing, precision engineering and scientific research. But despite rapidly growing research interests in learning-based image compression, no published method offers both lossless and near-lossless modes. In this paper, we propose a unified and powerful deep lossy plus residual (DLPR) coding framework for both lossless and near-lossless image compression. In the lossless mode, the DLPR coding system first performs lossy compression and then lossless coding of residuals. We solve the joint lossy and residual compression problem in the approach of VAEs, and add autoregressive context modeling of the residuals to enhance lossless compression performance. In the near-lossless mode, we quantize the original residuals to satisfy a given $\ell_\infty$ error bound, and propose a scalable near-lossless compression scheme that works for variable $\ell_\infty$ bounds instead of training multiple networks. To expedite the DLPR coding, we increase the degree of algorithm parallelization by a novel design of coding context, and accelerate the entropy coding with adaptive residual interval. Experimental results demonstrate that the DLPR coding system achieves both the state-of-the-art lossless and near-lossless image compression performance with competitive coding speed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to diagnose common thorax diseases on chest radiographs from radiology reports in Vietnamese</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04794">arxiv:2209.04794</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Thao T. B. Nguyen, Tam M. Vo, Thang V. Nguyen, Hieu H. Pham, Ha Q. Nguyen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a data collecting and annotation pipeline that extracts information from Vietnamese radiology reports to provide accurate labels for chest X-ray (CXR) images. This can benefit Vietnamese radiologists and clinicians by annotating data that closely match their endemic diagnosis categories which may vary from country to country. To assess the efficacy of the proposed labeling technique, we built a CXR dataset containing 9,752 studies and evaluated our pipeline using a subset of this dataset. With an F1-score of at least 0.9923, the evaluation demonstrates that our labeling tool performs precisely and consistently across all classes. After building the dataset, we train deep learning models that leverage knowledge transferred from large public CXR datasets. We employ a variety of loss functions to overcome the curse of imbalanced multi-label datasets and conduct experiments with various model architectures to select the one that delivers the best performance. Our best model (CheXpert-pretrained EfficientNet-B2) yields an F1-score of 0.6989 (95% CI 0.6740, 0.7240), AUC of 0.7912, sensitivity of 0.7064 and specificity of 0.8760 for the abnormal diagnosis in general. Finally, we demonstrate that our coarse classification (based on five specific locations of abnormalities) yields comparable results to fine classification (twelve pathologies) on the benchmark CheXpert dataset for general anomaly detection while delivering better performance in terms of the average performance of all classes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Synthetic Wavelength Imaging -- Utilizing Spectral Correlations for High-Precision Time-of-Flight Sensing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04941">arxiv:2209.04941</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Florian Willomitzer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This book chapter describes how spectral correlations in scattered light fields can be utilized for high-precision time-of-flight sensing. The chapter should serve as a gentle introduction and is intended for computational imaging scientists and students new to the fascinating topic of synthetic wavelength imaging. Technical details (such as detector or light source specifications) will be largely omitted. Instead, the similarities between different methods will be emphasized to "draw the bigger picture."

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Resisting Deep Learning Models Against Adversarial Attack Transferability via Feature Randomization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04930">arxiv:2209.04930</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ehsan Nowroozi, Mohammadreza Mohammadi, Pargol Golmohammadi, Yassine Mekdad, Mauro Conti, Selcuk Uluagac</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the past decades, the rise of artificial intelligence has given us the capabilities to solve the most challenging problems in our day-to-day lives, such as cancer prediction and autonomous navigation. However, these applications might not be reliable if not secured against adversarial attacks. In addition, recent works demonstrated that some adversarial examples are transferable across different models. Therefore, it is crucial to avoid such transferability via robust models that resist adversarial manipulations. In this paper, we propose a feature randomization-based approach that resists eight adversarial attacks targeting deep learning models in the testing phase. Our novel approach consists of changing the training strategy in the target network classifier and selecting random feature samples. We consider the attacker with a Limited-Knowledge and Semi-Knowledge conditions to undertake the most prevalent types of adversarial attacks. We evaluate the robustness of our approach using the well-known UNSW-NB15 datasets that include realistic and synthetic attacks. Afterward, we demonstrate that our strategy outperforms the existing state-of-the-art approach, such as the Most Powerful Attack, which consists of fine-tuning the network model against specific adversarial attacks. Finally, our experimental results show that our methodology can secure the target network and resists adversarial attack transferability by over 60%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Improved Algorithm For Online Reranking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04870">arxiv:2209.04870</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Marcin Bienkowski, Marcin Mucha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study a fundamental model of online preference aggregation, where an algorithm maintains an ordered list of $n$ elements. An input is a stream of preferred sets $R_1, R_2, \dots, R_t, \dots$. Upon seeing $R_t$ and without knowledge of any future sets, an algorithm has to rerank elements (change the list ordering), so that at least one element of $R_t$ is found near the list front. The incurred cost is a sum of the list update costs (the number of swaps of neighboring list elements) and access costs (position of the first element of $R_t$ on the list). This scenario occurs naturally in applications such as ordering items in an online shop using aggregated preferences of shop customers. The theoretical underpinning of this problem is known as Min-Sum Set Cover.
  Unlike previous work (Fotakis et al., ICALP 2020, NIPS 2020) that mostly studied the performance of an online algorithm ALG against the static optimal solution (a single optimal list ordering), in this paper, we study an arguably harder variant where the benchmark is the provably stronger optimal dynamic solution OPT (that may also modify the list ordering). In terms of an online shop, this means that the aggregated preferences of its user base evolve with time. We construct a computationally efficient randomized algorithm whose competitive ratio (ALG-to-OPT cost ratio) is $O(r^2)$ and prove the existence of a deterministic $O(r^4)$-competitive algorithm. Here, $r$ is the maximum cardinality of sets $R_t$. This is the first algorithm whose ratio does not depend on $n$: the previously best algorithm for this problem was $O(r^{3/2} \cdot \sqrt{n})$-competitive and $Ω(r)$ is a lower bound on the performance of any deterministic online algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Performance-Driven Controller Tuning via Derivative-Free Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04854">arxiv:2209.04854</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yuheng Lei, Jianyu Chen, Shengbo Eben Li, Sifa Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Choosing an appropriate parameter set for the designed controller is critical for the final performance but usually requires a tedious and careful tuning process, which implies a strong need for automatic tuning methods. However, among existing methods, derivative-free ones suffer from poor scalability or low efficiency, while gradient-based ones are often unavailable due to possibly non-differentiable controller structure. To resolve the issues, we tackle the controller tuning problem using a novel derivative-free reinforcement learning (RL) framework, which performs timestep-wise perturbation in parameter space during experience collection and integrates derivative-free policy updates into the advanced actor-critic RL architecture to achieve high versatility and efficiency. To demonstrate the framework's efficacy, we conduct numerical experiments on two concrete examples from autonomous driving, namely, adaptive cruise control with PID controller and trajectory tracking with MPC controller. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms popular baselines and highlight its strong potential for controller tuning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficiency Evaluation of Banks with Many Branches using a Heuristic Framework and Dynamic Data Envelopment Optimization Approach: A Real Case Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04822">arxiv:2209.04822</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Vahid Kayvanfar, Hamed Baziyad, Shaya Sheikh, Frank Werner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Evaluating the efficiency of organizations and branches within an organization is a challenging issue for managers. Evaluation criteria allow organizations to rank their internal units, identify their position concerning their competitors, and implement strategies for improvement and development purposes. Among the methods that have been applied in the evaluation of bank branches, non-parametric methods have captured the attention of researchers in recent years. One of the most widely used non-parametric methods is the data envelopment analysis (DEA) which leads to promising results. However, the static DEA approaches do not consider the time in the model. Therefore, this paper uses a dynamic DEA (DDEA) method to evaluate the branches of a private Iranian bank over three years (2017-2019). The results are then compared with static DEA. After ranking the branches, they are clustered using the K-means method. Finally, a comprehensive sensitivity analysis approach is introduced to help the managers to decide about changing variables to shift a branch from one cluster to a more efficient one.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.09.10]({{ '/2022/09/10/2022.09.10.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.09.12]({{ '/2022/09/12/2022.09.12.html' | relative_url }})