Prev: [2022.02.07]({{ '/2022/02/07/2022.02.07.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.02.09]({{ '/2022/02/09/2022.02.09.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-02-08, created on 2022-02-18


<details><summary><b>DALL-Eval: Probing the Reasoning Skills and Social Biases of Text-to-Image Generative Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04053">arxiv:2202.04053</a>
&#x1F4C8; 40 <br>
<p>Jaemin Cho, Abhay Zala, Mohit Bansal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generating images from textual descriptions has gained a lot of attention. Recently, DALL-E, a multimodal transformer language model, and its variants have shown high-quality text-to-image generation capabilities with a simple architecture and training objective, powered by large-scale training data and computation. However, despite the interesting image generation results, there has not been a detailed analysis on how to evaluate such models. In this work, we investigate the reasoning capabilities and social biases of such text-to-image generative transformers in detail. First, we measure four visual reasoning skills: object recognition, object counting, color recognition, and spatial relation understanding. For this, we propose PaintSkills, a diagnostic dataset and evaluation toolkit that measures these four visual reasoning skills. Second, we measure the text alignment and quality of the generated images based on pretrained image captioning, image-text retrieval, and image classification models. Third, we assess social biases in the models. For this, we suggest evaluation of gender and racial biases of text-to-image generation models based on a pretrained image-text retrieval model and human evaluation. In our experiments, we show that recent text-to-image models perform better in recognizing and counting objects than recognizing colors and understanding spatial relations, while there exists a large gap between model performances and oracle accuracy on all skills. Next, we demonstrate that recent text-to-image models learn specific gender/racial biases from web image-text pairs. We also show that our automatic evaluations of visual reasoning skills and gender bias are highly correlated with human judgments. We hope our work will help guide future progress in improving text-to-image models on visual reasoning skills and social biases. Code and data at: https://github.com/j-min/DallEval

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TimeLMs: Diachronic Language Models from Twitter</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03829">arxiv:2202.03829</a>
&#x1F4C8; 25 <br>
<p>Daniel Loureiro, Francesco Barbieri, Leonardo Neves, Luis Espinosa Anke, Jose Camacho-Collados</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite its importance, the time variable has been largely neglected in the NLP and language model literature. In this paper, we present TimeLMs, a set of language models specialized on diachronic Twitter data. We show that a continual learning strategy contributes to enhancing Twitter-based language models' capacity to deal with future and out-of-distribution tweets, while making them competitive with standardized and more monolithic benchmarks. We also perform a number of qualitative analyses showing how they cope with trends and peaks in activity involving specific named entities or concept drift.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generative multitask learning mitigates target-causing confounding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04136">arxiv:2202.04136</a>
&#x1F4C8; 24 <br>
<p>Taro Makino, Krzysztof Geras, Kyunghyun Cho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a simple and scalable approach to causal representation learning for multitask learning. Our approach requires minimal modification to existing ML systems, and improves robustness to prior probability shift. The improvement comes from mitigating unobserved confounders that cause the targets, but not the input. We refer to them as target-causing confounders. These confounders induce spurious dependencies between the input and targets. This poses a problem for the conventional approach to multitask learning, due to its assumption that the targets are conditionally independent given the input. Our proposed approach takes into account the dependency between the targets in order to alleviate target-causing confounding. All that is required in addition to usual practice is to estimate the joint distribution of the targets to switch from discriminative to generative classification, and to predict all targets jointly. Our results on the Attributes of People and Taskonomy datasets reflect the conceptual improvement in robustness to prior probability shift.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evaluating Causal Inference Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04208">arxiv:2202.04208</a>
&#x1F4C8; 21 <br>
<p>Harsh Parikh, Carlos Varjao, Louise Xu, Eric Tchetgen Tchetgen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The fundamental challenge of drawing causal inference is that counterfactual outcomes are not fully observed for any unit. Furthermore, in observational studies, treatment assignment is likely to be confounded. Many statistical methods have emerged for causal inference under unconfoundedness conditions given pre-treatment covariates, including propensity score-based methods, prognostic score-based methods, and doubly robust methods. Unfortunately for applied researchers, there is no `one-size-fits-all' causal method that can perform optimally universally. In practice, causal methods are primarily evaluated quantitatively on handcrafted simulated data. Such data-generative procedures can be of limited value because they are typically stylized models of reality. They are simplified for tractability and lack the complexities of real-world data. For applied researchers, it is critical to understand how well a method performs for the data at hand. Our work introduces a deep generative model-based framework, Credence, to validate causal inference methods. The framework's novelty stems from its ability to generate synthetic data anchored at the empirical distribution for the observed sample, and therefore virtually indistinguishable from the latter. The approach allows the user to specify ground truth for the form and magnitude of causal effects and confounding bias as functions of covariates. Thus simulated data sets are used to evaluate the potential performance of various causal estimation methods when applied to data similar to the observed sample. We demonstrate Credence's ability to accurately assess the relative performance of causal estimation techniques in an extensive simulation study and two real-world data applications from Lalonde and Project STAR studies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Results and findings of the 2021 Image Similarity Challenge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04007">arxiv:2202.04007</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Zoë Papakipos, Giorgos Tolias, Tomas Jenicek, Ed Pizzi, Shuhei Yokoo, Wenhao Wang, Yifan Sun, Weipu Zhang, Yi Yang, Sanjay Addicam, Sergio Manuel Papadakis, Cristian Canton Ferrer, Ondrej Chum, Matthijs Douze</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The 2021 Image Similarity Challenge introduced a dataset to serve as a new benchmark to evaluate recent image copy detection methods. There were 200 participants to the competition. This paper presents a quantitative and qualitative analysis of the top submissions. It appears that the most difficult image transformations involve either severe image crops or hiding into unrelated images, combined with local pixel perturbations. The key algorithmic elements in the winning submissions are: training on strong augmentations, self-supervised learning, score normalization, explicit overlay detection, and global descriptor matching followed by pairwise image comparison.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Approximating Gradients for Differentiable Quality Diversity in Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03666">arxiv:2202.03666</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Bryon Tjanaka, Matthew C. Fontaine, Julian Togelius, Stefanos Nikolaidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Consider a walking agent that must adapt to damage. To approach this task, we can train a collection of policies and have the agent select a suitable policy when damaged. Training this collection may be viewed as a quality diversity (QD) optimization problem, where we search for solutions (policies) which maximize an objective (walking forward) while spanning a set of measures (measurable characteristics). Recent work shows that differentiable quality diversity (DQD) algorithms greatly accelerate QD optimization when exact gradients are available for the objective and measures. However, such gradients are typically unavailable in RL settings due to non-differentiable environments. To apply DQD in RL settings, we propose to approximate objective and measure gradients with evolution strategies and actor-critic methods. We develop two variants of the DQD algorithm CMA-MEGA, each with different gradient approximations, and evaluate them on four simulated walking tasks. One variant achieves comparable performance (QD score) with the state-of-the-art PGA-MAP-Elites in two tasks. The other variant performs comparably in all tasks but is less efficient than PGA-MAP-Elites in two tasks. These results provide insight into the limitations of CMA-MEGA in domains that require rigorous optimization of the objective and where exact gradients are unavailable.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring the Limits of Domain-Adaptive Training for Detoxifying Large-Scale Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04173">arxiv:2202.04173</a>
&#x1F4C8; 18 <br>
<p>Boxin Wang, Wei Ping, Chaowei Xiao, Peng Xu, Mostofa Patwary, Mohammad Shoeybi, Bo Li, Anima Anandkumar, Bryan Catanzaro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pre-trained language models (LMs) are shown to easily generate toxic language. In this work, we systematically explore domain-adaptive training to reduce the toxicity of language models. We conduct this study on three dimensions: training corpus, model size, and parameter efficiency. For the training corpus, we propose to leverage the generative power of LMs and generate nontoxic datasets for domain-adaptive training, which mitigates the exposure bias and is shown to be more data-efficient than using a curated pre-training corpus. We demonstrate that the self-generation method consistently outperforms the existing baselines across various model sizes on both automatic and human evaluations, even when it uses a 1/3 smaller training corpus. We then comprehensively study detoxifying LMs with parameter sizes ranging from 126M up to 530B (3x larger than GPT-3), a scale that has never been studied before. We find that i) large LMs have similar toxicity levels as smaller ones given the same pre-training corpus, and ii) large LMs require more endeavor to detoxify. We also explore parameter-efficient training methods for detoxification. We demonstrate that adding and training adapter-only layers in LMs not only saves a lot of parameters but also achieves a better trade-off between toxicity and perplexity than whole model adaptation for the large-scale models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>InferGrad: Improving Diffusion Models for Vocoder by Considering Inference in Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03751">arxiv:2202.03751</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Zehua Chen, Xu Tan, Ke Wang, Shifeng Pan, Danilo Mandic, Lei He, Sheng Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Denoising diffusion probabilistic models (diffusion models for short) require a large number of iterations in inference to achieve the generation quality that matches or surpasses the state-of-the-art generative models, which invariably results in slow inference speed. Previous approaches aim to optimize the choice of inference schedule over a few iterations to speed up inference. However, this results in reduced generation quality, mainly because the inference process is optimized separately, without jointly optimizing with the training process. In this paper, we propose InferGrad, a diffusion model for vocoder that incorporates inference process into training, to reduce the inference iterations while maintaining high generation quality. More specifically, during training, we generate data from random noise through a reverse process under inference schedules with a few iterations, and impose a loss to minimize the gap between the generated and ground-truth data samples. Then, unlike existing approaches, the training of InferGrad considers the inference process. The advantages of InferGrad are demonstrated through experiments on the LJSpeech dataset showing that InferGrad achieves better voice quality than the baseline WaveGrad under same conditions while maintaining the same voice quality as the baseline but with $3$x speedup ($2$ iterations for InferGrad vs $6$ iterations for WaveGrad).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How to Understand Masked Autoencoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03670">arxiv:2202.03670</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Shuhao Cao, Peng Xu, David A. Clifton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** "Masked Autoencoders (MAE) Are Scalable Vision Learners" revolutionizes the self-supervised learning method in that it not only achieves the state-of-the-art for image pre-training, but is also a milestone that bridges the gap between visual and linguistic masked autoencoding (BERT-style) pre-trainings. However, to our knowledge, to date there are no theoretical perspectives to explain the powerful expressivity of MAE. In this paper, we, for the first time, propose a unified theoretical framework that provides a mathematical understanding for MAE. Specifically, we explain the patch-based attention approaches of MAE using an integral kernel under a non-overlapping domain decomposition setting. To help the research community to further comprehend the main reasons of the great success of MAE, based on our framework, we pose five questions and answer them with mathematical rigor using insights from operator theory.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bingham Policy Parameterization for 3D Rotations in Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03957">arxiv:2202.03957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Stephen James, Pieter Abbeel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new policy parameterization for representing 3D rotations during reinforcement learning. Today in the continuous control reinforcement learning literature, many stochastic policy parameterizations are Gaussian. We argue that universally applying a Gaussian policy parameterization is not always desirable for all environments. One such case in particular where this is true are tasks that involve predicting a 3D rotation output, either in isolation, or coupled with translation as part of a full 6D pose output. Our proposed Bingham Policy Parameterization (BPP) models the Bingham distribution and allows for better rotation (quaternion) prediction over a Gaussian policy parameterization in a range of reinforcement learning tasks. We evaluate BPP on the rotation Wahba problem task, as well as a set of vision-based next-best pose robot manipulation tasks from RLBench. We hope that this paper encourages more research into developing other policy parameterization that are more suited for particular environments, rather than always assuming Gaussian.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Conditioned Generative Adversarial Networks for Image Editing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04040">arxiv:2202.04040</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Yunzhe Liu, Rinon Gal, Amit H. Bermano, Baoquan Chen, Daniel Cohen-Or</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are susceptible to bias, learned from either the unbalanced data, or through mode collapse. The networks focus on the core of the data distribution, leaving the tails - or the edges of the distribution - behind. We argue that this bias is responsible not only for fairness concerns, but that it plays a key role in the collapse of latent-traversal editing methods when deviating away from the distribution's core. Building on this observation, we outline a method for mitigating generative bias through a self-conditioning process, where distances in the latent-space of a pre-trained generator are used to provide initial labels for the data. By fine-tuning the generator on a re-sampled distribution drawn from these self-labeled data, we force the generator to better contend with rare semantic attributes and enable more realistic generation of these properties. We compare our models to a wide range of latent editing methods, and show that by alleviating the bias they achieve finer semantic control and better identity preservation through a wider range of transformations. Our code and models will be available at https://github.com/yzliu567/sc-gan

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep learning for drug repurposing: methods, databases, and applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05145">arxiv:2202.05145</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Xiaoqin Pan, Xuan Lin, Dongsheng Cao, Xiangxiang Zeng, Philip S. Yu, Lifang He, Ruth Nussinov, Feixiong Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Drug development is time-consuming and expensive. Repurposing existing drugs for new therapies is an attractive solution that accelerates drug development at reduced experimental costs, specifically for Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). However, comprehensively obtaining and productively integrating available knowledge and big biomedical data to effectively advance deep learning models is still challenging for drug repurposing in other complex diseases. In this review, we introduce guidelines on how to utilize deep learning methodologies and tools for drug repurposing. We first summarized the commonly used bioinformatics and pharmacogenomics databases for drug repurposing. Next, we discuss recently developed sequence-based and graph-based representation approaches as well as state-of-the-art deep learning-based methods. Finally, we present applications of drug repurposing to fight the COVID-19 pandemic, and outline its future challenges.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spectral Propagation Graph Network for Few-shot Time Series Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04769">arxiv:2202.04769</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Ling Yang, Shenda Hong, Luxia Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Few-shot Time Series Classification (few-shot TSC) is a challenging problem in time series analysis. It is more difficult to classify when time series of the same class are not completely consistent in spectral domain or time series of different classes are partly consistent in spectral domain. To address this problem, we propose a novel method named Spectral Propagation Graph Network (SPGN) to explicitly model and propagate the spectrum-wise relations between different time series with graph network. To the best of our knowledge, SPGN is the first to utilize spectral comparisons in different intervals and involve spectral propagation across all time series with graph networks for few-shot TSC. SPGN first uses bandpass filter to expand time series in spectral domain for calculating spectrum-wise relations between time series. Equipped with graph networks, SPGN then integrates spectral relations with label information to make spectral propagation. The further study conveys the bi-directional effect between spectral relations acquisition and spectral propagation. We conduct extensive experiments on few-shot TSC benchmarks. SPGN outperforms state-of-the-art results by a large margin in $4\% \sim 13\%$. Moreover, SPGN surpasses them by around $12\%$ and $9\%$ under cross-domain and cross-way settings respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Trained Model in Supervised Deep Learning is a Conditional Risk Minimizer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03674">arxiv:2202.03674</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yutong Xie, Dufan Wu, Bin Dong, Quanzheng Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We proved that a trained model in supervised deep learning minimizes the conditional risk for each input (Theorem 2.1). This property provided insights into the behavior of trained models and established a connection between supervised and unsupervised learning in some cases. In addition, when the labels are intractable but can be written as a conditional risk minimizer, we proved an equivalent form of the original supervised learning problem with accessible labels (Theorem 2.2). We demonstrated that many existing works, such as Noise2Score, Noise2Noise and score function estimation can be explained by our theorem. Moreover, we derived a property of classification problem with noisy labels using Theorem 2.1 and validated it using MNIST dataset. Furthermore, We proposed a method to estimate uncertainty in image super-resolution based on Theorem 2.2 and validated it using ImageNet dataset. Our code is available on github.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Boosting Graph Neural Networks by Injecting Pooling in Message Passing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04768">arxiv:2202.04768</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Hyeokjin Kwon, Jong-Min Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There has been tremendous success in the field of graph neural networks (GNNs) as a result of the development of the message-passing (MP) layer, which updates the representation of a node by combining it with its neighbors to address variable-size and unordered graphs. Despite the fruitful progress of MP GNNs, their performance can suffer from over-smoothing, when node representations become too similar and even indistinguishable from one another. Furthermore, it has been reported that intrinsic graph structures are smoothed out as the GNN layer increases. Inspired by the edge-preserving bilateral filters used in image processing, we propose a new, adaptable, and powerful MP framework to prevent over-smoothing. Our bilateral-MP estimates a pairwise modular gradient by utilizing the class information of nodes, and further preserves the global graph structure by using the gradient when the aggregating function is applied. Our proposed scheme can be generalized to all ordinary MP GNNs. Experiments on five medium-size benchmark datasets using four state-of-the-art MP GNNs indicate that the bilateral-MP improves performance by alleviating over-smoothing. By inspecting quantitative measurements, we additionally validate the effectiveness of the proposed mechanism in preventing the over-smoothing issue.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Computational Complexity in Statistical Models with Second-Order Information</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04219">arxiv:2202.04219</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Tongzheng Ren, Jiacheng Zhuo, Sujay Sanghavi, Nhat Ho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It is known that when the statistical models are singular, i.e., the Fisher information matrix at the true parameter is degenerate, the fixed step-size gradient descent algorithm takes polynomial number of steps in terms of the sample size $n$ to converge to a final statistical radius around the true parameter, which can be unsatisfactory for the application. To further improve that computational complexity, we consider the utilization of the second-order information in the design of optimization algorithms. Specifically, we study the normalized gradient descent (NormGD) algorithm for solving parameter estimation in parametric statistical models, which is a variant of gradient descent algorithm whose step size is scaled by the maximum eigenvalue of the Hessian matrix of the empirical loss function of statistical models. When the population loss function, i.e., the limit of the empirical loss function when $n$ goes to infinity, is homogeneous in all directions, we demonstrate that the NormGD iterates reach a final statistical radius around the true parameter after a logarithmic number of iterations in terms of $n$. Therefore, for fixed dimension $d$, the NormGD algorithm achieves the optimal overall computational complexity $\mathcal{O}(n)$ to reach the final statistical radius. This computational complexity is cheaper than that of the fixed step-size gradient descent algorithm, which is of the order $\mathcal{O}(n^τ)$ for some $τ> 1$, to reach the same statistical radius. We illustrate our general theory under two statistical models: generalized linear models and mixture models, and experimental results support our prediction with general theory.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rainbow Differential Privacy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03974">arxiv:2202.03974</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Ziqi Zhou, Onur Günlü, Rafael G. L. D'Oliveira, Muriel Médard, Parastoo Sadeghi, Rafael F. Schaefer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We extend a previous framework for designing differentially private (DP) mechanisms via randomized graph colorings that was restricted to binary functions, corresponding to colorings in a graph, to multi-valued functions. As before, datasets are nodes in the graph and any two neighboring datasets are connected by an edge. In our setting, we assume each dataset has a preferential ordering for the possible outputs of the mechanism, which we refer to as a rainbow. Different rainbows partition the graph of datasets into different regions. We show that when the DP mechanism is pre-specified at the boundary of such regions, at most one optimal mechanism can exist. Moreover, if the mechanism is to behave identically for all same-rainbow boundary datasets, the problem can be greatly simplified and solved by means of a morphism to a line graph. We then show closed form expressions for the line graph in the case of ternary functions. Treatment of ternary queries in this paper displays enough richness to be extended to higher-dimensional query spaces with preferential query ordering, but the optimality proof does not seem to follow directly from the ternary proof.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Uncertainty Modeling for Out-of-Distribution Generalization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03958">arxiv:2202.03958</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Xiaotong Li, Yongxing Dai, Yixiao Ge, Jun Liu, Ying Shan, Ling-Yu Duan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Though remarkable progress has been achieved in various vision tasks, deep neural networks still suffer obvious performance degradation when tested in out-of-distribution scenarios. We argue that the feature statistics (mean and standard deviation), which carry the domain characteristics of the training data, can be properly manipulated to improve the generalization ability of deep learning models. Common methods often consider the feature statistics as deterministic values measured from the learned features and do not explicitly consider the uncertain statistics discrepancy caused by potential domain shifts during testing. In this paper, we improve the network generalization ability by modeling the uncertainty of domain shifts with synthesized feature statistics during training. Specifically, we hypothesize that the feature statistic, after considering the potential uncertainties, follows a multivariate Gaussian distribution. Hence, each feature statistic is no longer a deterministic value, but a probabilistic point with diverse distribution possibilities. With the uncertain feature statistics, the models can be trained to alleviate the domain perturbations and achieve better robustness against potential domain shifts. Our method can be readily integrated into networks without additional parameters. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed method consistently improves the network generalization ability on multiple vision tasks, including image classification, semantic segmentation, and instance retrieval. The code will be released soon at https://github.com/lixiaotong97/DSU.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>What are the best systems? New perspectives on NLP Benchmarking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03799">arxiv:2202.03799</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Pierre Colombo, Nathan Noiry, Ekhine Irurozki, Stephan Clemencon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In Machine Learning, a benchmark refers to an ensemble of datasets associated with one or multiple metrics together with a way to aggregate different systems performances. They are instrumental in (i) assessing the progress of new methods along different axes and (ii) selecting the best systems for practical use. This is particularly the case for NLP with the development of large pre-trained models (e.g. GPT, BERT) that are expected to generalize well on a variety of tasks. While the community mainly focused on developing new datasets and metrics, there has been little interest in the aggregation procedure, which is often reduced to a simple average over various performance measures. However, this procedure can be problematic when the metrics are on a different scale, which may lead to spurious conclusions. This paper proposes a new procedure to rank systems based on their performance across different tasks. Motivated by the social choice theory, the final system ordering is obtained through aggregating the rankings induced by each task and is theoretically grounded. We conduct extensive numerical experiments (on over 270k scores) to assess the soundness of our approach both on synthetic and real scores (e.g. GLUE, EXTREM, SEVAL, TAC, FLICKR). In particular, we show that our method yields different conclusions on state-of-the-art systems than the mean-aggregation procedure while being both more reliable and robust.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Survey of Breast Cancer Screening Techniques: Thermography and Electrical Impedance Tomography</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03737">arxiv:2202.03737</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Juan Zuluaga-Gomez, N. Zerhouni, Z. Al Masry, C. Devalland, C. Varnier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Breast cancer is a disease that threatens many women's life, thus, early and accurate detection plays a key role in reducing the mortality rate. Mammography stands as the reference technique for breast cancer screening; nevertheless, many countries still lack access to mammograms due to economic, social, and cultural issues. Last advances in computational tools, infrared cameras, and devices for bio-impedance quantification allowed the development of parallel techniques like thermography, infrared imaging, and electrical impedance tomography, these being faster, reliable and cheaper. In the last decades, these have been considered as complement procedures for breast cancer diagnosis, where many studies concluded that false positive and false negative rates are greatly reduced. This work aims to review the last breakthroughs about the three above-mentioned techniques describing the benefits of mixing several computational skills to obtain a better global performance. In addition, we provide a comparison between several machine learning techniques applied to breast cancer diagnosis going from logistic regression, decision trees, and random forest to artificial, deep, and convolutional neural networks. Finally, it is mentioned several recommendations for 3D breast simulations, pre-processing techniques, biomedical devices in the research field, prediction of tumor location and size.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Orthogonal Matrices for MBAT Vector Symbolic Architectures, and a "Soft" VSA Representation for JSON</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04771">arxiv:2202.04771</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Stephen I. Gallant</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Vector Symbolic Architectures (VSAs) give a way to represent a complex object as a single fixed-length vector, so that similar objects have similar vector representations. These vector representations then become easy to use for machine learning or nearest-neighbor search. We review a previously proposed VSA method, MBAT (Matrix Binding of Additive Terms), which uses multiplication by random matrices for binding related terms. However, multiplying by such matrices introduces instabilities which can harm performance. Making the random matrices be orthogonal matrices provably fixes this problem. With respect to larger scale applications, we see how to apply MBAT vector representations for any data expressed in JSON. JSON is used in numerous programming languages to express complex data, but its native format appears highly unsuited for machine learning. Expressing JSON as a fixed-length vector makes it readily usable for machine learning and nearest-neighbor search. Creating such JSON vectors also shows that a VSA needs to employ binding operations that are non-commutative.
  VSAs are now ready to try with full-scale practical applications, including healthcare, pharmaceuticals, and genomics.
  Keywords: MBAT (Matrix Binding of Additive Terms), VSA (Vector Symbolic Architecture), HDC (Hyperdimensional Computing), Distributed Representations, Binding, Orthogonal Matrices, Recurrent Connections, Machine Learning, Search, JSON, VSA Applications

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Parsimonious Learning-Augmented Caching</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04262">arxiv:2202.04262</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Sungjin Im, Ravi Kumar, Aditya Petety, Manish Purohit</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning-augmented algorithms -- in which, traditional algorithms are augmented with machine-learned predictions -- have emerged as a framework to go beyond worst-case analysis. The overarching goal is to design algorithms that perform near-optimally when the predictions are accurate yet retain certain worst-case guarantees irrespective of the accuracy of the predictions. This framework has been successfully applied to online problems such as caching where the predictions can be used to alleviate uncertainties.
  In this paper we introduce and study the setting in which the learning-augmented algorithm can utilize the predictions parsimoniously. We consider the caching problem -- which has been extensively studied in the learning-augmented setting -- and show that one can achieve quantitatively similar results but only using a sublinear number of predictions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Source Separation via Self-Supervised Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03875">arxiv:2202.03875</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Ertuğ Karamatlı, Serap Kırbız</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce two novel unsupervised (blind) source separation methods, which involve self-supervised training from single-channel two-source speech mixtures without any access to the ground truth source signals. Our first method employs permutation invariant training (PIT) to separate artificially-generated mixtures of the original mixtures back into the original mixtures, which we named mixture permutation invariant training (MixPIT). We found this challenging objective to be a valid proxy task for learning to separate the underlying sources. We improve upon this first method by creating mixtures of source estimates and employing PIT to separate these new mixtures in a cyclic fashion. We named this second method cyclic mixture permutation invariant training (MixCycle), where cyclic refers to the fact that we use the same model to produce artificial mixtures and to learn from them continuously. We show that MixPIT outperforms a common baseline (MixIT) on our small dataset (SC09Mix), and they have comparable performance on a standard dataset (LibriMix). Strikingly, we also show that MixCycle surpasses the performance of supervised PIT by being data-efficient, thanks to its inherent data augmentation mechanism. To the best of our knowledge, no other purely unsupervised method is able to match or exceed the performance of supervised training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MetaKG: Meta-learning on Knowledge Graph for Cold-start Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03851">arxiv:2202.03851</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yuntao Du, Xinjun Zhu, Lu Chen, Ziquan Fang, Yunjun Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A knowledge graph (KG) consists of a set of interconnected typed entities and their attributes. Recently, KGs are popularly used as the auxiliary information to enable more accurate, explainable, and diverse user preference recommendations. Specifically, existing KG-based recommendation methods target modeling high-order relations/dependencies from long connectivity user-item interactions hidden in KG. However, most of them ignore the cold-start problems (i.e., user cold-start and item cold-start) of recommendation analytics, which restricts their performance in scenarios when involving new users or new items. Inspired by the success of meta-learning on scarce training samples, we propose a novel meta-learning based framework called MetaKG, which encompasses a collaborative-aware meta learner and a knowledge-aware meta learner, to capture meta users' preference and entities' knowledge for cold-start recommendations. The collaborative-aware meta learner aims to locally aggregate user preferences for each user preference learning task. In contrast, the knowledge-aware meta learner is to globally generalize knowledge representation across different user preference learning tasks. Guided by two meta learners, MetaKG can effectively capture the high-order collaborative relations and semantic representations, which could be easily adapted to cold-start scenarios. Besides, we devise a novel adaptive task scheduler which can adaptively select the informative tasks for meta learning in order to prevent the model from being corrupted by noisy tasks. Extensive experiments on various cold-start scenarios using three real data sets demonstrate that our presented MetaKG outperforms all the existing state-of-the-art competitors in terms of effectiveness, efficiency, and scalability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Width is Less Important than Depth in ReLU Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03841">arxiv:2202.03841</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Gal Vardi, Gilad Yehudai, Ohad Shamir</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We solve an open question from Lu et al. (2017), by showing that any target network with inputs in $\mathbb{R}^d$ can be approximated by a width $O(d)$ network (independent of the target network's architecture), whose number of parameters is essentially larger only by a linear factor. In light of previous depth separation theorems, which imply that a similar result cannot hold when the roles of width and depth are interchanged, it follows that depth plays a more significant role than width in the expressive power of neural networks.
  We extend our results to constructing networks with bounded weights, and to constructing networks with width at most $d+2$, which is close to the minimal possible width due to previous lower bounds. Both of these constructions cause an extra polynomial factor in the number of parameters over the target network. We also show an exact representation of wide and shallow networks using deep and narrow networks which, in certain cases, does not increase the number of parameters over the target network.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A two-step approach to leverage contextual data: speech recognition in air-traffic communications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03725">arxiv:2202.03725</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Iuliia Nigmatulina, Juan Zuluaga-Gomez, Amrutha Prasad, Seyyed Saeed Sarfjoo, Petr Motlicek</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), as the assistance of speech communication between pilots and air-traffic controllers, can significantly reduce the complexity of the task and increase the reliability of transmitted information. ASR application can lead to a lower number of incidents caused by misunderstanding and improve air traffic management (ATM) efficiency. Evidently, high accuracy predictions, especially, of key information, i.e., callsigns and commands, are required to minimize the risk of errors. We prove that combining the benefits of ASR and Natural Language Processing (NLP) methods to make use of surveillance data (i.e. additional modality) helps to considerably improve the recognition of callsigns (named entity). In this paper, we investigate a two-step callsign boosting approach: (1) at the 1 step (ASR), weights of probable callsign n-grams are reduced in G.fst and/or in the decoding FST (lattices), (2) at the 2 step (NLP), callsigns extracted from the improved recognition outputs with Named Entity Recognition (NER) are correlated with the surveillance data to select the most suitable one. Boosting callsign n-grams with the combination of ASR and NLP methods eventually leads up to 53.7% of an absolute, or 60.4% of a relative, improvement in callsign recognition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hair Color Digitization through Imaging and Deep Inverse Graphics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03723">arxiv:2202.03723</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Robin Kips, Panagiotis-Alexandros Bokaris, Matthieu Perrot, Pietro Gori, Isabelle Bloch</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hair appearance is a complex phenomenon due to hair geometry and how the light bounces on different hair fibers. For this reason, reproducing a specific hair color in a rendering environment is a challenging task that requires manual work and expert knowledge in computer graphics to tune the result visually. While current hair capture methods focus on hair shape estimation many applications could benefit from an automated method for capturing the appearance of a physical hair sample, from augmented/virtual reality to hair dying development. Building on recent advances in inverse graphics and material capture using deep neural networks, we introduce a novel method for hair color digitization. Our proposed pipeline allows capturing the color appearance of a physical hair sample and renders synthetic images of hair with a similar appearance, simulating different hair styles and/or lighting environments. Since rendering realistic hair images requires path-tracing rendering, the conventional inverse graphics approach based on differentiable rendering is untractable. Our method is based on the combination of a controlled imaging device, a path-tracing renderer, and an inverse graphics model based on self-supervised machine learning, which does not require to use differentiable rendering to be trained. We illustrate the performance of our hair digitization method on both real and synthetic images and show that our approach can accurately capture and render hair color.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhancing ASR for Stuttered Speech with Limited Data Using Detect and Pass</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05396">arxiv:2202.05396</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Olabanji Shonibare, Xiaosu Tong, Venkatesh Ravichandran</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It is estimated that around 70 million people worldwide are affected by a speech disorder called stuttering. With recent advances in Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), voice assistants are increasingly useful in our everyday lives. Many technologies in education, retail, telecommunication and healthcare can now be operated through voice. Unfortunately, these benefits are not accessible for People Who Stutter (PWS). We propose a simple but effective method called 'Detect and Pass' to make modern ASR systems accessible for People Who Stutter in a limited data setting. The algorithm uses a context aware classifier trained on a limited amount of data, to detect acoustic frames that contain stutter. To improve robustness on stuttered speech, this extra information is passed on to the ASR model to be utilized during inference. Our experiments show a reduction of 12.18% to 71.24% in Word Error Rate (WER) across various state of the art ASR systems. Upon varying the threshold of the associated posterior probability of stutter for each stacked frame used in determining low frame rate (LFR) acoustic features, we were able to determine an optimal setting that reduced the WER by 23.93% to 71.67% across different ASR systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficacy of Transformer Networks for Classification of Raw EEG Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05170">arxiv:2202.05170</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Gourav Siddhad, Anmol Gupta, Debi Prosad Dogra, Partha Pratim Roy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the unprecedented success of transformer networks in natural language processing (NLP), recently, they have been successfully adapted to areas like computer vision, generative adversarial networks (GAN), and reinforcement learning. Classifying electroencephalogram (EEG) data has been challenging and researchers have been overly dependent on pre-processing and hand-crafted feature extraction. Despite having achieved automated feature extraction in several other domains, deep learning has not yet been accomplished for EEG. In this paper, the efficacy of the transformer network for the classification of raw EEG data (cleaned and pre-processed) is explored. The performance of transformer networks was evaluated on a local (age and gender data) and a public dataset (STEW). First, a classifier using a transformer network is built to classify the age and gender of a person with raw resting-state EEG data. Second, the classifier is tuned for mental workload classification with open access raw multi-tasking mental workload EEG data (STEW). The network achieves an accuracy comparable to state-of-the-art accuracy on both the local (Age and Gender dataset; 94.53% (gender) and 87.79% (age)) and the public (STEW dataset; 95.28% (two workload levels) and 88.72% (three workload levels)) dataset. The accuracy values have been achieved using raw EEG data without feature extraction. Results indicate that the transformer-based deep learning models can successfully abate the need for heavy feature-extraction of EEG data for successful classification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A multiscale spatiotemporal approach for smallholder irrigation detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04239">arxiv:2202.04239</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Terence Conlon, Christopher Small, Vijay Modi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In presenting an irrigation detection methodology that leverages multiscale satellite imagery of vegetation abundance, this paper introduces a process to supplement limited ground-collected labels and ensure classifier applicability in an area of interest. Spatiotemporal analysis of MODIS 250m Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI) timeseries characterizes native vegetation phenologies at regional scale to provide the basis for a continuous phenology map that guides supplementary label collection over irrigated and non-irrigated agriculture. Subsequently, validated dry season greening and senescence cycles observed in 10m Sentinel-2 imagery are used to train a suite of classifiers for automated detection of potential smallholder irrigation. Strategies to improve model robustness are demonstrated, including a method of data augmentation that randomly shifts training samples; and an assessment of classifier types that produce the best performance in withheld target regions. The methodology is applied to detect smallholder irrigation in two states in the Ethiopian highlands, Tigray and Amhara. Results show that a transformer-based neural network architecture allows for the most robust prediction performance in withheld regions, followed closely by a CatBoost random forest model. Over withheld ground-collection survey labels, the transformer-based model achieves 96.7% accuracy over non-irrigated samples and 95.9% accuracy over irrigated samples. Over a larger set of samples independently collected via the introduced method of label supplementation, non-irrigated and irrigated labels are predicted with 98.3% and 95.5% accuracy, respectively. The detection model is then deployed over Tigray and Amhara, revealing crop rotation patterns and year-over-year irrigated area change. Predictions suggest that irrigated area in these two states has decreased by approximately 40% from 2020 to 2021.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Robust Convolutional Neural Networks with Relevant Feature Focusing via Explanations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04237">arxiv:2202.04237</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Kazuki Adachi, Shin'ya Yamaguchi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing image recognition techniques based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) basically assume that the training and test datasets are sampled from i.i.d distributions. However, this assumption is easily broken in the real world because of the distribution shift that occurs when the co-occurrence relations between objects and backgrounds in input images change. Under this type of distribution shift, CNNs learn to focus on features that are not task-relevant, such as backgrounds from the training data, and degrade their accuracy on the test data. To tackle this problem, we propose relevant feature focusing (ReFF). ReFF detects task-relevant features and regularizes CNNs via explanation outputs (e.g., Grad-CAM). Since ReFF is composed of post-hoc explanation modules, it can be easily applied to off-the-shelf CNNs. Furthermore, ReFF requires no additional inference cost at test time because it is only used for regularization while training. We demonstrate that CNNs trained with ReFF focus on features relevant to the target task and that ReFF improves the test-time accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TransformNet: Self-supervised representation learning through predicting geometric transformations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04181">arxiv:2202.04181</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Sayed Hashim, Muhammad Ali</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks need a big amount of training data, while in the real world there is a scarcity of data available for training purposes. To resolve this issue unsupervised methods are used for training with limited data. In this report, we describe the unsupervised semantic feature learning approach for recognition of the geometric transformation applied to the input data. The basic concept of our approach is that if someone is unaware of the objects in the images, he/she would not be able to quantitatively predict the geometric transformation that was applied to them. This self supervised scheme is based on pretext task and the downstream task. The pretext classification task to quantify the geometric transformations should force the CNN to learn high-level salient features of objects useful for image classification. In our baseline model, we define image rotations by multiples of 90 degrees. The CNN trained on this pretext task will be used for the classification of images in the CIFAR-10 dataset as a downstream task. we run the baseline method using various models, including ResNet, DenseNet, VGG-16, and NIN with a varied number of rotations in feature extracting and fine-tuning settings. In extension of this baseline model we experiment with transformations other than rotation in pretext task. We compare performance of selected models in various settings with different transformations applied to images,various data augmentation techniques as well as using different optimizers. This series of different type of experiments will help us demonstrate the recognition accuracy of our self-supervised model when applied to a downstream task of classification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PGMax: Factor Graphs for Discrete Probabilistic Graphical Models and Loopy Belief Propagation in JAX</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04110">arxiv:2202.04110</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Guangyao Zhou, Nishanth Kumar, Miguel Lázaro-Gredilla, Shrinu Kushagra, Dileep George</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** PGMax is an open-source Python package for easy specification of discrete Probabilistic Graphical Models (PGMs) as factor graphs, and automatic derivation of efficient and scalable loopy belief propagation (LBP) implementation in JAX. It supports general factor graphs, and can effectively leverage modern accelerators like GPUs for inference. Compared with existing alternatives, PGMax obtains higher-quality inference results with orders-of-magnitude inference speedups. PGMax additionally interacts seamlessly with the rapidly growing JAX ecosystem, opening up exciting new possibilities. Our source code, examples and documentation are available at https://github.com/vicariousinc/PGMax.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Latent gaze information in highly dynamic decision-tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04072">arxiv:2202.04072</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Benedikt Hosp</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Digitization is penetrating more and more areas of life. Tasks are increasingly being completed digitally, and are therefore not only fulfilled faster, more efficiently but also more purposefully and successfully. The rapid developments in the field of artificial intelligence in recent years have played a major role in this, as they brought up many helpful approaches to build on. At the same time, the eyes, their movements, and the meaning of these movements are being progressively researched. The combination of these developments has led to exciting approaches. In this dissertation, I present some of these approaches which I worked on during my Ph.D.
  First, I provide insight into the development of models that use artificial intelligence to connect eye movements with visual expertise. This is demonstrated for two domains or rather groups of people: athletes in decision-making actions and surgeons in arthroscopic procedures. The resulting models can be considered as digital diagnostic models for automatic expertise recognition. Furthermore, I show approaches that investigate the transferability of eye movement patterns to different expertise domains and subsequently, important aspects of techniques for generalization. Finally, I address the temporal detection of confusion based on eye movement data. The results suggest the use of the resulting model as a clock signal for possible digital assistance options in the training of young professionals. An interesting aspect of my research is that I was able to draw on very valuable data from DFB youth elite athletes as well as on long-standing experts in arthroscopy. In particular, the work with the DFB data attracted the interest of radio and print media, namely DeutschlandFunk Nova and SWR DasDing. All resulting articles presented here have been published in internationally renowned journals or at conferences.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Equivariance versus Augmentation for Spherical Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03990">arxiv:2202.03990</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jan E. Gerken, Oscar Carlsson, Hampus Linander, Fredrik Ohlsson, Christoffer Petersson, Daniel Persson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We analyze the role of rotational equivariance in convolutional neural networks (CNNs) applied to spherical images. We compare the performance of the group equivariant networks known as S2CNNs and standard non-equivariant CNNs trained with an increasing amount of data augmentation. The chosen architectures can be considered baseline references for the respective design paradigms. Our models are trained and evaluated on single or multiple items from the MNIST or FashionMNIST dataset projected onto the sphere. For the task of image classification, which is inherently rotationally invariant, we find that by considerably increasing the amount of data augmentation and the size of the networks, it is possible for the standard CNNs to reach at least the same performance as the equivariant network. In contrast, for the inherently equivariant task of semantic segmentation, the non-equivariant networks are consistently outperformed by the equivariant networks with significantly fewer parameters. We also analyze and compare the inference latency and training times of the different networks, enabling detailed tradeoff considerations between equivariant architectures and data augmentation for practical problems. The equivariant spherical networks used in the experiments will be made available at https://github.com/JanEGerken/sem_seg_s2cnn .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Counterfactual Multi-Token Fairness in Text Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03792">arxiv:2202.03792</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Pranay Lohia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The counterfactual token generation has been limited to perturbing only a single token in texts that are generally short and single sentences. These tokens are often associated with one of many sensitive attributes. With limited counterfactuals generated, the goal to achieve invariant nature for machine learning classification models towards any sensitive attribute gets bounded, and the formulation of Counterfactual Fairness gets narrowed. In this paper, we overcome these limitations by solving root problems and opening bigger domains for understanding. We have curated a resource of sensitive tokens and their corresponding perturbation tokens, even extending the support beyond traditionally used sensitive attributes like Age, Gender, Race to Nationality, Disability, and Religion. The concept of Counterfactual Generation has been extended to multi-token support valid over all forms of texts and documents. We define the method of generating counterfactuals by perturbing multiple sensitive tokens as Counterfactual Multi-token Generation. The method has been conceptualized to showcase significant performance improvement over single-token methods and validated over multiple benchmark datasets. The emendation in counterfactual generation propagates in achieving improved Counterfactual Multi-token Fairness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fourier Representations for Black-Box Optimization over Categorical Variables</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03712">arxiv:2202.03712</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hamid Dadkhahi, Jesus Rios, Karthikeyan Shanmugam, Payel Das</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Optimization of real-world black-box functions defined over purely categorical variables is an active area of research. In particular, optimization and design of biological sequences with specific functional or structural properties have a profound impact in medicine, materials science, and biotechnology. Standalone search algorithms, such as simulated annealing (SA) and Monte Carlo tree search (MCTS), are typically used for such optimization problems. In order to improve the performance and sample efficiency of such algorithms, we propose to use existing methods in conjunction with a surrogate model for the black-box evaluations over purely categorical variables. To this end, we present two different representations, a group-theoretic Fourier expansion and an abridged one-hot encoded Boolean Fourier expansion. To learn such representations, we consider two different settings to update our surrogate model. First, we utilize an adversarial online regression setting where Fourier characters of each representation are considered as experts and their respective coefficients are updated via an exponential weight update rule each time the black box is evaluated. Second, we consider a Bayesian setting where queries are selected via Thompson sampling and the posterior is updated via a sparse Bayesian regression model (over our proposed representation) with a regularized horseshoe prior. Numerical experiments over synthetic benchmarks as well as real-world RNA sequence optimization and design problems demonstrate the representational power of the proposed methods, which achieve competitive or superior performance compared to state-of-the-art counterparts, while improving the computation cost and/or sample efficiency, substantially.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rethinking Graph Convolutional Networks in Knowledge Graph Completion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05679">arxiv:2202.05679</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhanqiu Zhang, Jie Wang, Jieping Ye, Feng Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph convolutional networks (GCNs) -- which are effective in modeling graph structures -- have been increasingly popular in knowledge graph completion (KGC). GCN-based KGC models first use GCNs to generate expressive entity representations and then use knowledge graph embedding (KGE) models to capture the interactions among entities and relations. However, many GCN-based KGC models fail to outperform state-of-the-art KGE models though introducing additional computational complexity. This phenomenon motivates us to explore the real effect of GCNs in KGC. Therefore, in this paper, we build upon representative GCN-based KGC models and introduce variants to find which factor of GCNs is critical in KGC. Surprisingly, we observe from experiments that the graph structure modeling in GCNs does not have a significant impact on the performance of KGC models, which is in contrast to the common belief. Instead, the transformations for entity representations are responsible for the performance improvements. Based on the observation, we propose a simple yet effective framework named LTE-KGE, which equips existing KGE models with linearly transformed entity embeddings. Experiments demonstrate that LTE-KGE models lead to similar performance improvements with GCN-based KGC methods, while being more computationally efficient. These results suggest that existing GCNs are unnecessary for KGC, and novel GCN-based KGC models should count on more ablation studies to validate their effectiveness. The code of all the experiments is available on GitHub at https://github.com/MIRALab-USTC/GCN4KGC.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Volcspeech system for the ICASSP 2022 multi-channel multi-party meeting transcription challenge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04261">arxiv:2202.04261</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Chen Shen, Yi Liu, Wenzhi Fan, Bin Wang, Shixue Wen, Yao Tian, Jun Zhang, Jingsheng Yang, Zejun Ma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper describes our submission to ICASSP 2022 Multi-channel Multi-party Meeting Transcription (M2MeT) Challenge. For Track 1, we propose several approaches to empower the clustering-based speaker diarization system to handle overlapped speech. Front-end dereverberation and the direction-of-arrival (DOA) estimation are used to improve the accuracy of speaker diarization. Multi-channel combination and overlap detection are applied to reduce the missed speaker error. A modified DOVER-Lap is also proposed to fuse the results of different systems. We achieve the final DER of 5.79% on the Eval set and 7.23% on the Test set. For Track 2, we develop our system using the Conformer model in a joint CTC-attention architecture. Serialized output training is adopted to multi-speaker overlapped speech recognition. We propose a neural front-end module to model multi-channel audio and train the model end-to-end. Various data augmentation methods are utilized to mitigate over-fitting in the multi-channel multi-speaker E2E system. Transformer language model fusion is developed to achieve better performance. The final CER is 19.2% on the Eval set and 20.8% on the Test set.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Regulatory Instruments for Fair Personalized Pricing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04245">arxiv:2202.04245</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Renzhe Xu, Xingxuan Zhang, Peng Cui, Bo Li, Zheyan Shen, Jiazheng Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Personalized pricing is a business strategy to charge different prices to individual consumers based on their characteristics and behaviors. It has become common practice in many industries nowadays due to the availability of a growing amount of high granular consumer data. The discriminatory nature of personalized pricing has triggered heated debates among policymakers and academics on how to design regulation policies to balance market efficiency and equity. In this paper, we propose two sound policy instruments, i.e., capping the range of the personalized prices or their ratios. We investigate the optimal pricing strategy of a profit-maximizing monopoly under both regulatory constraints and the impact of imposing them on consumer surplus, producer surplus, and social welfare. We theoretically prove that both proposed constraints can help balance consumer surplus and producer surplus at the expense of total surplus for common demand distributions, such as uniform, logistic, and exponential distributions. Experiments on both simulation and real-world datasets demonstrate the correctness of these theoretical results. Our findings and insights shed light on regulatory policy design for the increasingly monopolized business in the digital era.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Covariate-informed Representation Learning with Samplewise Optimal Identifiable Variational Autoencoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04206">arxiv:2202.04206</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Young-geun Kim, Ying Liu, Xuexin Wei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently proposed identifiable variational autoencoder (iVAE, Khemakhem et al. (2020)) framework provides a promising approach for learning latent independent components of the data. Although the identifiability is appealing, the objective function of iVAE does not enforce the inverse relation between encoders and decoders. Without the inverse relation, representations from the encoder in iVAE may not reconstruct observations,i.e., representations lose information in observations. To overcome this limitation, we develop a new approach, covariate-informed identifiable VAE (CI-iVAE). Different from previous iVAE implementations, our method critically leverages the posterior distribution of latent variables conditioned only on observations. In doing so, the objective function enforces the inverse relation, and learned representation contains more information of observations. Furthermore, CI-iVAE extends the original iVAE objective function to a larger class and finds the optimal one among them, thus providing a better fit to the data. Theoretically, our method has tighter evidence lower bounds (ELBOs) than the original iVAE. We demonstrate that our approach can more reliably learn features of various synthetic datasets, two benchmark image datasets (EMNIST and Fashion MNIST), and a large-scale brain imaging dataset for adolescent mental health research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Learning of Generative Image Priors for MRI Reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04175">arxiv:2202.04175</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Gokberk Elmas, Salman UH Dar, Yilmaz Korkmaz, Emir Ceyani, Burak Susam, Muzaffer Özbey, Salman Avestimehr, Tolga Çukur</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-institutional efforts can facilitate training of deep MRI reconstruction models, albeit privacy risks arise during cross-site sharing of imaging data. Federated learning (FL) has recently been introduced to address privacy concerns by enabling distributed training without transfer of imaging data. Existing FL methods for MRI reconstruction employ conditional models to map from undersampled to fully-sampled acquisitions via explicit knowledge of the imaging operator. Since conditional models generalize poorly across different acceleration rates or sampling densities, imaging operators must be fixed between training and testing, and they are typically matched across sites. To improve generalization and flexibility in multi-institutional collaborations, here we introduce a novel method for MRI reconstruction based on Federated learning of Generative IMage Priors (FedGIMP). FedGIMP leverages a two-stage approach: cross-site learning of a generative MRI prior, and subject-specific injection of the imaging operator. The global MRI prior is learned via an unconditional adversarial model that synthesizes high-quality MR images based on latent variables. Specificity in the prior is preserved via a mapper subnetwork that produces site-specific latents. During inference, the prior is combined with subject-specific imaging operators to enable reconstruction, and further adapted to individual test samples by minimizing data-consistency loss. Comprehensive experiments on multi-institutional datasets clearly demonstrate enhanced generalization performance of FedGIMP against site-specific and federated methods based on conditional models, as well as traditional reconstruction methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding the bias-variance tradeoff of Bregman divergences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04167">arxiv:2202.04167</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ben Adlam, Neha Gupta, Zelda Mariet, Jamie Smith</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper builds upon the work of Pfau (2013), which generalized the bias variance tradeoff to any Bregman divergence loss function. Pfau (2013) showed that for Bregman divergences, the bias and variances are defined with respect to a central label, defined as the mean of the label variable, and a central prediction, of a more complex form. We show that, similarly to the label, the central prediction can be interpreted as the mean of a random variable, where the mean operates in a dual space defined by the loss function itself. Viewing the bias-variance tradeoff through operations taken in dual space, we subsequently derive several results of interest. In particular, (a) the variance terms satisfy a generalized law of total variance; (b) if a source of randomness cannot be controlled, its contribution to the bias and variance has a closed form; (c) there exist natural ensembling operations in the label and prediction spaces which reduce the variance and do not affect the bias.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Logical Reasoning for Task Oriented Dialogue Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04161">arxiv:2202.04161</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sajjad Beygi, Maryam Fazel-Zarandi, Alessandra Cervone, Prakash Krishnan, Siddhartha Reddy Jonnalagadda</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, large pretrained models have been used in dialogue systems to improve successful task completion rates. However, lack of reasoning capabilities of dialogue platforms make it difficult to provide relevant and fluent responses, unless the designers of a conversational experience spend a considerable amount of time implementing these capabilities in external rule based modules. In this work, we propose a novel method to fine-tune pretrained transformer models such as Roberta and T5. to reason over a set of facts in a given dialogue context. Our method includes a synthetic data generation mechanism which helps the model learn logical relations, such as comparison between list of numerical values, inverse relations (and negation), inclusion and exclusion for categorical attributes, and application of a combination of attributes over both numerical and categorical values, and spoken form for numerical values, without need for additional training dataset. We show that the transformer based model can perform logical reasoning to answer questions when the dialogue context contains all the required information, otherwise it is able to extract appropriate constraints to pass to downstream components (e.g. a knowledge base) when partial information is available. We observe that transformer based models such as UnifiedQA-T5 can be fine-tuned to perform logical reasoning (such as numerical and categorical attributes' comparison) over attributes that been seen in training time (e.g., accuracy of 90\%+ for comparison of smaller than $k_{\max}$=5 values over heldout test dataset).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hierarchical Dependency Constrained Tree Augmented Naive Bayes Classifiers for Hierarchical Feature Spaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04105">arxiv:2202.04105</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Cen Wan, Alex A. Freitas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Tree Augmented Naive Bayes (TAN) classifier is a type of probabilistic graphical model that constructs a single-parent dependency tree to estimate the distribution of the data. In this work, we propose two novel Hierarchical dependency-based Tree Augmented Naive Bayes algorithms, i.e. Hie-TAN and Hie-TAN-Lite. Both methods exploit the pre-defined parent-child (generalisation-specialisation) relationships between features as a type of constraint to learn the tree representation of dependencies among features, whilst the latter further eliminates the hierarchical redundancy during the classifier learning stage. The experimental results showed that Hie-TAN successfully obtained better predictive performance than several other hierarchical dependency constrained classification algorithms, and its predictive performance was further improved by eliminating the hierarchical redundancy, as suggested by the higher accuracy obtained by Hie-TAN-Lite.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-level Contrastive Learning and Consistency Constraint for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04074">arxiv:2202.04074</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xinkai Zhao, Chaowei Fang, De-Jun Fan, Xutao Lin, Feng Gao, Guanbin Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Semi-supervised learning (SSL), which aims at leveraging a few labeled images and a large number of unlabeled images for network training, is beneficial for relieving the burden of data annotation in medical image segmentation. According to the experience of medical imaging experts, local attributes such as texture, luster and smoothness are very important factors for identifying target objects like lesions and polyps in medical images. Motivated by this, we propose a cross-level contrastive learning scheme to enhance representation capacity for local features in semi-supervised medical image segmentation. Compared to existing image-wise, patch-wise and point-wise contrastive learning algorithms, our devised method is capable of exploring more complex similarity cues, namely the relational characteristics between global and local patch-wise representations. Additionally, for fully making use of cross-level semantic relations, we devise a novel consistency constraint that compares the predictions of patches against those of the full image. With the help of the cross-level contrastive learning and consistency constraint, the unlabelled data can be effectively explored to improve segmentation performance on two medical image datasets for polyp and skin lesion segmentation respectively. Code of our approach is available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Social-DualCVAE: Multimodal Trajectory Forecasting Based on Social Interactions Pattern Aware and Dual Conditional Variational Auto-Encoder</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03954">arxiv:2202.03954</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiashi Gao, Xinming Shi, James J. Q. Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pedestrian trajectory forecasting is a fundamental task in multiple utility areas, such as self-driving, autonomous robots, and surveillance systems. The future trajectory forecasting is multi-modal, influenced by physical interaction with scene contexts and intricate social interactions among pedestrians. The mainly existing literature learns representations of social interactions by deep learning networks, while the explicit interaction patterns are not utilized. Different interaction patterns, such as following or collision avoiding, will generate different trends of next movement, thus, the awareness of social interaction patterns is important for trajectory forecasting. Moreover, the social interaction patterns are privacy concerned or lack of labels. To jointly address the above issues, we present a social-dual conditional variational auto-encoder (Social-DualCVAE) for multi-modal trajectory forecasting, which is based on a generative model conditioned not only on the past trajectories but also the unsupervised classification of interaction patterns. After generating the category distribution of the unlabeled social interaction patterns, DualCVAE, conditioned on the past trajectories and social interaction pattern, is proposed for multi-modal trajectory prediction by latent variables estimating. A variational bound is derived as the minimization objective during training. The proposed model is evaluated on widely used trajectory benchmarks and outperforms the prior state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robustness Verification for Attention Networks using Mixed Integer Programming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03932">arxiv:2202.03932</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hsuan-Cheng Liao, Chih-Hong Cheng, Maximilian Kneissl, Alois Knoll</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Attention networks such as transformers have been shown powerful in many applications ranging from natural language processing to object recognition. This paper further considers their robustness properties from both theoretical and empirical perspectives. Theoretically, we formulate a variant of attention networks containing linearized layer normalization and sparsemax activation, and reduce its robustness verification to a Mixed Integer Programming problem. Apart from a naïve encoding, we derive tight intervals from admissible perturbation regions and examine several heuristics to speed up the verification process. More specifically, we find a novel bounding technique for sparsemax activation, which is also applicable to softmax activation in general neural networks. Empirically, we evaluate our proposed techniques with a case study on lane departure warning and demonstrate a performance gain of approximately an order of magnitude. Furthermore, although attention networks typically deliver higher accuracy than general neural networks, contrasting its robustness against a similar-sized multi-layer perceptron surprisingly shows that they are not necessarily more robust.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Hybrid Learning With Expert Augmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03881">arxiv:2202.03881</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Antoine Wehenkel, Jens Behrmann, Hsiang Hsu, Guillermo Sapiro, Gilles Louppe, Jörn-Henrik Jacobsen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hybrid modelling reduces the misspecification of expert models by combining them with machine learning (ML) components learned from data. Like for many ML algorithms, hybrid model performance guarantees are limited to the training distribution. Leveraging the insight that the expert model is usually valid even outside the training domain, we overcome this limitation by introducing a hybrid data augmentation strategy termed \textit{expert augmentation}. Based on a probabilistic formalization of hybrid modelling, we show why expert augmentation improves generalization. Finally, we validate the practical benefits of augmented hybrid models on a set of controlled experiments, modelling dynamical systems described by ordinary and partial differential equations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Class Density and Dataset Quality in High-Dimensional, Unstructured Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03856">arxiv:2202.03856</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Adam Byerly, Tatiana Kalganova</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We provide a definition for class density that can be used to measure the aggregate similarity of the samples within each of the classes in a high-dimensional, unstructured dataset. We then put forth several candidate methods for calculating class density and analyze the correlation between the values each method produces with the corresponding individual class test accuracies achieved on a trained model. Additionally, we propose a definition for dataset quality for high-dimensional, unstructured data and show that those datasets that met a certain quality threshold (experimentally demonstrated to be > 10 for the datasets studied) were candidates for eliding redundant data based on the individual class densities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>skrl: Modular and Flexible Library for Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03825">arxiv:2202.03825</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Antonio Serrano-Muñoz, Nestor Arana-Arexolaleiba, Dimitrios Chrysostomou, Simon Bøgh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** skrl is an open-source modular library for reinforcement learning written in Python and designed with a focus on readability, simplicity, and transparency of algorithm implementations. Apart from supporting environments that use the traditional OpenAI Gym interface, it allows loading, configuring, and operating NVIDIA Isaac Gym environments, enabling the parallel training of several agents with adjustable scopes, which may or may not share resources, in the same execution. The library's documentation can be found at https://skrl.readthedocs.io and its source code is available on GitHub at url{https://github.com/Toni-SM/skrl.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Novel Plug-in Module for Fine-Grained Visual Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03822">arxiv:2202.03822</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Po-Yung Chou, Cheng-Hung Lin, Wen-Chung Kao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual classification can be divided into coarse-grained and fine-grained classification. Coarse-grained classification represents categories with a large degree of dissimilarity, such as the classification of cats and dogs, while fine-grained classification represents classifications with a large degree of similarity, such as cat species, bird species, and the makes or models of vehicles. Unlike coarse-grained visual classification, fine-grained visual classification often requires professional experts to label data, which makes data more expensive. To meet this challenge, many approaches propose to automatically find the most discriminative regions and use local features to provide more precise features. These approaches only require image-level annotations, thereby reducing the cost of annotation. However, most of these methods require two- or multi-stage architectures and cannot be trained end-to-end. Therefore, we propose a novel plug-in module that can be integrated to many common backbones, including CNN-based or Transformer-based networks to provide strongly discriminative regions. The plugin module can output pixel-level feature maps and fuse filtered features to enhance fine-grained visual classification. Experimental results show that the proposed plugin module outperforms state-of-the-art approaches and significantly improves the accuracy to 92.77\% and 92.83\% on CUB200-2011 and NABirds, respectively. We have released our source code in Github https://github.com/chou141253/FGVC-PIM.git.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SCR: Smooth Contour Regression with Geometric Priors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03784">arxiv:2202.03784</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Gaetan Bahl, Lionel Daniel, Florent Lafarge</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While object detection methods traditionally make use of pixel-level masks or bounding boxes, alternative representations such as polygons or active contours have recently emerged. Among them, methods based on the regression of Fourier or Chebyshev coefficients have shown high potential on freeform objects. By defining object shapes as polar functions, they are however limited to star-shaped domains. We address this issue with SCR: a method that captures resolution-free object contours as complex periodic functions. The method offers a good compromise between accuracy and compactness thanks to the design of efficient geometric shape priors. We benchmark SCR on the popular COCO 2017 instance segmentation dataset, and show its competitiveness against existing algorithms in the field. In addition, we design a compact version of our network, which we benchmark on embedded hardware with a wide range of power targets, achieving up to real-time performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semantic features of object concepts generated with GPT-3</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03753">arxiv:2202.03753</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hannes Hansen, Martin N. Hebart</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Semantic features have been playing a central role in investigating the nature of our conceptual representations. Yet the enormous time and effort required to empirically sample and norm features from human raters has restricted their use to a limited set of manually curated concepts. Given recent promising developments with transformer-based language models, here we asked whether it was possible to use such models to automatically generate meaningful lists of properties for arbitrary object concepts and whether these models would produce features similar to those found in humans. To this end, we probed a GPT-3 model to generate semantic features for 1,854 objects and compared automatically-generated features to existing human feature norms. GPT-3 generated many more features than humans, yet showed a similar distribution in the types of generated features. Generated feature norms rivaled human norms in predicting similarity, relatedness, and category membership, while variance partitioning demonstrated that these predictions were driven by similar variance in humans and GPT-3. Together, these results highlight the potential of large language models to capture important facets of human knowledge and yield a new approach for automatically generating interpretable feature sets, thus drastically expanding the potential use of semantic features in psychological and linguistic studies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Navigating to Objects in Unseen Environments by Distance Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03735">arxiv:2202.03735</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Minzhao Zhu, Binglei Zhao, Tao Kong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Object Goal Navigation (ObjectNav) task is to navigate an agent to an object instance in unseen environments. The traditional navigation paradigm plans the shortest path on a pre-built map. Inspired by this, we propose an object goal navigation framework, which could directly perform path planning based on an estimated distance map. Specifically, our model takes a birds-eye-view semantic map as input, and estimates the distance from the map cells to the target object based on the learned prior knowledge. With the estimated distance map, the agent could explore the environment and navigate to the target objects based on either human-designed or learned navigation policy. Empirical results in visually realistic simulation environments show that the proposed method outperforms a wide range of baselines on success rate and efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computing H-Partitions in ASP and Datalog</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03730">arxiv:2202.03730</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Chloé Capon, Nicolas Lecomte, Jef Wijsen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A $H$-partition of a finite undirected simple graph $G$ is a labeling of $G$'s vertices such that the constraints expressed by the model graph $H$ are satisfied. For every model graph $H$, it can be decided in non-deterministic polynomial time whether a given input graph $G$ admits a $H$-partition. Moreover, it has been shown by Dantas et al. that for most model graphs, this decision problem is in deterministic polynomial time. In this paper, we show that these polynomial-time algorithms for finding $H$-partitions can be expressed in Datalog with stratified negation. Moreover, using the answer set solver Clingo, we have conducted experiments to compare straightforward guess-and-check programs with Datalog programs. Our experiments indicate that in Clingo, guess-and-check programs run faster than their equivalent Datalog programs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring Inter-Channel Correlation for Diversity-preserved KnowledgeDistillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03680">arxiv:2202.03680</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Li Liu, Qingle Huang, Sihao Lin, Hongwei Xie, Bing Wang, Xiaojun Chang, Xiaodan Liang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge Distillation has shown very promising abil-ity in transferring learned representation from the largermodel (teacher) to the smaller one (student).Despitemany efforts, prior methods ignore the important role ofretaining inter-channel correlation of features, leading tothe lack of capturing intrinsic distribution of the featurespace and sufficient diversity properties of features in theteacher network.To solve the issue, we propose thenovel Inter-Channel Correlation for Knowledge Distillation(ICKD), with which the diversity and homology of the fea-ture space of the student network can align with that ofthe teacher network. The correlation between these twochannels is interpreted as diversity if they are irrelevantto each other, otherwise homology. Then the student isrequired to mimic the correlation within its own embed-ding space. In addition, we introduce the grid-level inter-channel correlation, making it capable of dense predictiontasks. Extensive experiments on two vision tasks, includ-ing ImageNet classification and Pascal VOC segmentation,demonstrate the superiority of our ICKD, which consis-tently outperforms many existing methods, advancing thestate-of-the-art in the fields of Knowledge Distillation. Toour knowledge, we are the first method based on knowl-edge distillation boosts ResNet18 beyond 72% Top-1 ac-curacy on ImageNet classification. Code is available at:https://github.com/ADLab-AutoDrive/ICKD.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Calibrated Learning to Defer with One-vs-All Classifiers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03673">arxiv:2202.03673</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Rajeev Verma, Eric Nalisnick</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The learning to defer (L2D) framework has the potential to make AI systems safer. For a given input, the system can defer the decision to a human if the human is more likely than the model to take the correct action. We study the calibration of L2D systems, investigating if the probabilities they output are sound. We find that Mozannar & Sontag's (2020) multiclass framework is not calibrated with respect to expert correctness. Moreover, it is not even guaranteed to produce valid probabilities due to its parameterization being degenerate for this purpose. We propose an L2D system based on one-vs-all classifiers that is able to produce calibrated probabilities of expert correctness. Furthermore, our loss function is also a consistent surrogate for multiclass L2D, like Mozannar & Sontag's (2020). Our experiments verify that not only is our system calibrated, but this benefit comes at no cost to accuracy. Our model's accuracy is always comparable (and often superior) to Mozannar & Sontag's (2020) model's in tasks ranging from hate speech detection to galaxy classification to diagnosis of skin lesions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CAD-RADS Scoring using Deep Learning and Task-Specific Centerline Labeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03671">arxiv:2202.03671</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Felix Denzinger, Michael Wels, Oliver Taubmann, Mehmet A. Gülsün, Max Schöbinger, Florian André, Sebastian J. Buss, Johannes Görich, Michael Sühling, Andreas Maier, Katharina Breininger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With coronary artery disease (CAD) persisting to be one of the leading causes of death worldwide, interest in supporting physicians with algorithms to speed up and improve diagnosis is high. In clinical practice, the severeness of CAD is often assessed with a coronary CT angiography (CCTA) scan and manually graded with the CAD-Reporting and Data System (CAD-RADS) score. The clinical questions this score assesses are whether patients have CAD or not (rule-out) and whether they have severe CAD or not (hold-out). In this work, we reach new state-of-the-art performance for automatic CAD-RADS scoring. We propose using severity-based label encoding, test time augmentation (TTA) and model ensembling for a task-specific deep learning architecture. Furthermore, we introduce a novel task- and model-specific, heuristic coronary segment labeling, which subdivides coronary trees into consistent parts across patients. It is fast, robust, and easy to implement. We were able to raise the previously reported area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) from 0.914 to 0.942 in the rule-out and from 0.921 to 0.950 in the hold-out task respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Data-Driven Approach to Robust Hypothesis Testing Using Sinkhorn Uncertainty Sets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04258">arxiv:2202.04258</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jie Wang, Yao Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hypothesis testing for small-sample scenarios is a practically important problem. In this paper, we investigate the robust hypothesis testing problem in a data-driven manner, where we seek the worst-case detector over distributional uncertainty sets centered around the empirical distribution from samples using Sinkhorn distance. Compared with the Wasserstein robust test, the corresponding least favorable distributions are supported beyond the training samples, which provides a more flexible detector. Various numerical experiments are conducted on both synthetic and real datasets to validate the competitive performances of our proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Parametric t-Stochastic Neighbor Embedding With Quantum Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04238">arxiv:2202.04238</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yoshiaki Kawase, Kosuke Mitarai, Keisuke Fujii</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** t-Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE) is a non-parametric data visualization method in classical machine learning. It maps the data from the high-dimensional space into a low-dimensional space, especially a two-dimensional plane, while maintaining the relationship, or similarities, between the surrounding points. In t-SNE, the initial position of the low-dimensional data is randomly determined, and the visualization is achieved by moving the low-dimensional data to minimize a cost function. Its variant called parametric t-SNE uses neural networks for this mapping. In this paper, we propose to use quantum neural networks for parametric t-SNE to reflect the characteristics of high-dimensional quantum data on low-dimensional data. We use fidelity-based metrics instead of Euclidean distance in calculating high-dimensional data similarity. We visualize both classical (Iris dataset) and quantum (time-depending Hamiltonian dynamics) data for classification tasks. Since this method allows us to represent a quantum dataset in a higher dimensional Hilbert space by a quantum dataset in a lower dimension while keeping their similarity, the proposed method can also be used to compress quantum data for further quantum machine learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Neural Networks to Correct Sub-Precision Errors in CFD</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04233">arxiv:2202.04233</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Akash Haridas, Nagabhushana Rao Vadlamani, Yuki Minamoto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Loss of information in numerical simulations can arise from various sources while solving discretized partial differential equations. In particular, precision-related errors can accumulate in the quantities of interest when the simulations are performed using low-precision 16-bit floating-point arithmetic compared to an equivalent 64-bit simulation. Here, low-precision computation requires much lower resources than high-precision computation. Several machine learning (ML) techniques proposed recently have been successful in correcting the errors arising from spatial discretization. In this work, we extend these techniques to improve Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) simulations performed using low numerical precision. We first quantify the precision related errors accumulated in a Kolmogorov forced turbulence test case. Subsequently, we employ a Convolutional Neural Network together with a fully differentiable numerical solver performing 16-bit arithmetic to learn a tightly-coupled ML-CFD hybrid solver. Compared to the 16-bit solver, we demonstrate the efficacy of the ML-CFD hybrid solver towards reducing the error accumulation in the velocity field and improving the kinetic energy spectrum at higher frequencies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Real-Time Event-Based Tracking and Detection for Maritime Environments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04231">arxiv:2202.04231</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Stephanie Aelmore, Richard C. Ordonez, Shibin Parameswaran, Justin Mauger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Event cameras are ideal for object tracking applications due to their ability to capture fast-moving objects while mitigating latency and data redundancy. Existing event-based clustering and feature tracking approaches for surveillance and object detection work well in the majority of cases, but fall short in a maritime environment. Our application of maritime vessel detection and tracking requires a process that can identify features and output a confidence score representing the likelihood that the feature was produced by a vessel, which may trigger a subsequent alert or activate a classification system. However, the maritime environment presents unique challenges such as the tendency of waves to produce the majority of events, demanding the majority of computational processing and producing false positive detections. By filtering redundant events and analyzing the movement of each event cluster, we can identify and track vessels while ignoring shorter lived and erratic features such as those produced by waves.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Managers versus Machines: Do Algorithms Replicate Human Intuition in Credit Ratings?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04218">arxiv:2202.04218</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Matthew Harding, Gabriel F. R. Vasconcelos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We use machine learning techniques to investigate whether it is possible to replicate the behavior of bank managers who assess the risk of commercial loans made by a large commercial US bank. Even though a typical bank already relies on an algorithmic scorecard process to evaluate risk, bank managers are given significant latitude in adjusting the risk score in order to account for other holistic factors based on their intuition and experience. We show that it is possible to find machine learning algorithms that can replicate the behavior of the bank managers. The input to the algorithms consists of a combination of standard financials and soft information available to bank managers as part of the typical loan review process. We also document the presence of significant heterogeneity in the adjustment process that can be traced to differences across managers and industries. Our results highlight the effectiveness of machine learning based analytic approaches to banking and the potential challenges to high-skill jobs in the financial sector.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Mini-Block Natural Gradient Method for Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04124">arxiv:2202.04124</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Achraf Bahamou, Donald Goldfarb, Yi Ren</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The training of deep neural networks (DNNs) is currently predominantly done using first-order methods. Some of these methods (e.g., Adam, AdaGrad, and RMSprop, and their variants) incorporate a small amount of curvature information by using a diagonal matrix to precondition the stochastic gradient. Recently, effective second-order methods, such as KFAC, K-BFGS, Shampoo, and TNT, have been developed for training DNNs, by preconditioning the stochastic gradient by layer-wise block-diagonal matrices. Here we propose and analyze the convergence of an approximate natural gradient method, mini-block Fisher (MBF), that lies in between these two classes of methods. Specifically, our method uses a block-diagonal approximation to the Fisher matrix, where for each layer in the DNN, whether it is convolutional or feed-forward and fully connected, the associated diagonal block is also block-diagonal and is composed of a large number of mini-blocks of modest size. Our novel approach utilizes the parallelism of GPUs to efficiently perform computations on the large number of matrices in each layer. Consequently, MBF's per-iteration computational cost is only slightly higher than it is for first-order methods. Finally, the performance of our proposed method is compared to that of several baseline methods, on both Auto-encoder and CNN problems, to validate its effectiveness both in terms of time efficiency and generalization power.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Low-Rank Extragradient Method for Nonsmooth and Low-Rank Matrix Optimization Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04026">arxiv:2202.04026</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dan Garber, Atara Kaplan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Low-rank and nonsmooth matrix optimization problems capture many fundamental tasks in statistics and machine learning. While significant progress has been made in recent years in developing efficient methods for \textit{smooth} low-rank optimization problems that avoid maintaining high-rank matrices and computing expensive high-rank SVDs, advances for nonsmooth problems have been slow paced.
  In this paper we consider standard convex relaxations for such problems. Mainly, we prove that under a natural \textit{generalized strict complementarity} condition and under the relatively mild assumption that the nonsmooth objective can be written as a maximum of smooth functions, the \textit{extragradient method}, when initialized with a "warm-start" point, converges to an optimal solution with rate $O(1/t)$ while requiring only two \textit{low-rank} SVDs per iteration. We give a precise trade-off between the rank of the SVDs required and the radius of the ball in which we need to initialize the method. We support our theoretical results with empirical experiments on several nonsmooth low-rank matrix recovery tasks, demonstrating that using simple initializations, the extragradient method produces exactly the same iterates when full-rank SVDs are replaced with SVDs of rank that matches the rank of the (low-rank) ground-truth matrix to be recovered.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Algorithms for High-Dimensional Convex Subspace Optimization via Strict Complementarity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04020">arxiv:2202.04020</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dan Garber, Ron Fisher</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider optimization problems in which the goal is find a $k$-dimensional subspace of $\reals^n$, $k<<n$, which minimizes a convex and smooth loss. Such problemsgeneralize the fundamental task of principal component analysis (PCA) to include robust and sparse counterparts, and logistic PCA for binary data, among others. While this problem is not convex it admits natural algorithms with very efficient iterations and memory requirements, which is highly desired in high-dimensional regimes however, arguing about their fast convergence to a global optimal solution is difficult. On the other hand, there exists a simple convex relaxation for which convergence to the global optimum is straightforward, however corresponding algorithms are not efficient when the dimension is very large. In this work we present a natural deterministic sufficient condition so that the optimal solution to the convex relaxation is unique and is also the optimal solution to the original nonconvex problem. Mainly, we prove that under this condition, a natural highly-efficient nonconvex gradient method, which we refer to as \textit{gradient orthogonal iteration}, when initialized with a "warm-start", converges linearly for the nonconvex problem. We also establish similar results for the nonconvex projected gradient method, and the Frank-Wolfe method when applied to the convex relaxation. We conclude with empirical evidence on synthetic data which demonstrate the appeal of our approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved Convergence Rates for Sparse Approximation Methods in Kernel-Based Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04005">arxiv:2202.04005</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sattar Vakili, Jonathan Scarlett, Da-shan Shiu, Alberto Bernacchia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Kernel-based models such as kernel ridge regression and Gaussian processes are ubiquitous in machine learning applications for regression and optimization. It is well known that a serious downside for kernel-based models is the high computational cost; given a dataset of $n$ samples, the cost grows as $\mathcal{O}(n^3)$. Existing sparse approximation methods can yield a significant reduction in the computational cost, effectively reducing the real world cost down to as low as $\mathcal{O}(n)$ in certain cases. Despite this remarkable empirical success, significant gaps remain in the existing results for the analytical confidence bounds on the error due to approximation. In this work, we provide novel confidence intervals for the Nyström method and the sparse variational Gaussian processes approximation method. Our confidence intervals lead to improved error bounds in both regression and optimization. We establish these confidence intervals using novel interpretations of the approximate (surrogate) posterior variance of the models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data Consistency for Weakly Supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03987">arxiv:2202.03987</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chidubem Arachie, Bert Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In many applications, training machine learning models involves using large amounts of human-annotated data. Obtaining precise labels for the data is expensive. Instead, training with weak supervision provides a low-cost alternative. We propose a novel weak supervision algorithm that processes noisy labels, i.e., weak signals, while also considering features of the training data to produce accurate labels for training. Our method searches over classifiers of the data representation to find plausible labelings. We call this paradigm data consistent weak supervision. A key facet of our framework is that we are able to estimate labels for data examples low or no coverage from the weak supervision. In addition, we make no assumptions about the joint distribution of the weak signals and true labels of the data. Instead, we use weak signals and the data features to solve a constrained optimization that enforces data consistency among the labels we generate. Empirical evaluation of our method on different datasets shows that it significantly outperforms state-of-the-art weak supervision methods on both text and image classification tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Provable Reinforcement Learning with a Short-Term Memory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03983">arxiv:2202.03983</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yonathan Efroni, Chi Jin, Akshay Krishnamurthy, Sobhan Miryoosefi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Real-world sequential decision making problems commonly involve partial observability, which requires the agent to maintain a memory of history in order to infer the latent states, plan and make good decisions. Coping with partial observability in general is extremely challenging, as a number of worst-case statistical and computational barriers are known in learning Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes (POMDPs). Motivated by the problem structure in several physical applications, as well as a commonly used technique known as "frame stacking", this paper proposes to study a new subclass of POMDPs, whose latent states can be decoded by the most recent history of a short length $m$. We establish a set of upper and lower bounds on the sample complexity for learning near-optimal policies for this class of problems in both tabular and rich-observation settings (where the number of observations is enormous). In particular, in the rich-observation setting, we develop new algorithms using a novel "moment matching" approach with a sample complexity that scales exponentially with the short length $m$ rather than the problem horizon, and is independent of the number of observations. Our results show that a short-term memory suffices for reinforcement learning in these environments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Systematically improving existing k-means initialization algorithms at nearly no cost, by pairwise-nearest-neighbor smoothing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03949">arxiv:2202.03949</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Carlo Baldassi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a meta-method for initializing (seeding) the $k$-means clustering algorithm called PNN-smoothing. It consists in splitting a given dataset into $J$ random subsets, clustering each of them individually, and merging the resulting clusterings with the pairwise-nearest-neighbor (PNN) method. It is a meta-method in the sense that when clustering the individual subsets any seeding algorithm can be used. If the computational complexity of that seeding algorithm is linear in the size of the data $N$ and the number of clusters $k$, PNN-smoothing is also almost linear with an appropriate choice of $J$, and in fact only at most a few percent slower in most cases in practice. We show empirically, using several existing seeding methods and testing on several synthetic and real datasets, that this procedure results in systematically better costs. It can even be applied recursively, and easily parallelized. Our implementation is publicly available at https://github.com/carlobaldassi/KMeansPNNSmoothing.jl

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detecting Anomalies within Time Series using Local Neural Transformations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03944">arxiv:2202.03944</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tim Schneider, Chen Qiu, Marius Kloft, Decky Aspandi Latif, Steffen Staab, Stephan Mandt, Maja Rudolph</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a new method to detect anomalies within time series, which is essential in many application domains, reaching from self-driving cars, finance, and marketing to medical diagnosis and epidemiology. The method is based on self-supervised deep learning that has played a key role in facilitating deep anomaly detection on images, where powerful image transformations are available. However, such transformations are widely unavailable for time series. Addressing this, we develop Local Neural Transformations(LNT), a method learning local transformations of time series from data. The method produces an anomaly score for each time step and thus can be used to detect anomalies within time series. We prove in a theoretical analysis that our novel training objective is more suitable for transformation learning than previous deep Anomaly detection(AD) methods. Our experiments demonstrate that LNT can find anomalies in speech segments from the LibriSpeech data set and better detect interruptions to cyber-physical systems than previous work. Visualization of the learned transformations gives insight into the type of transformations that LNT learns.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>If a Human Can See It, So Should Your System: Reliability Requirements for Machine Vision Components</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03930">arxiv:2202.03930</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Boyue Caroline Hu, Lina Marsso, Krzysztof Czarnecki, Rick Salay, Huakun Shen, Marsha Chechik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine Vision Components (MVC) are becoming safety-critical. Assuring their quality, including safety, is essential for their successful deployment. Assurance relies on the availability of precisely specified and, ideally, machine-verifiable requirements. MVCs with state-of-the-art performance rely on machine learning (ML) and training data but largely lack such requirements.
  In this paper, we address the need for defining machine-verifiable reliability requirements for MVCs against transformations that simulate the full range of realistic and safety-critical changes in the environment. Using human performance as a baseline, we define reliability requirements as: 'if the changes in an image do not affect a human's decision, neither should they affect the MVC's.' To this end, we provide: (1) a class of safety-related image transformations; (2) reliability requirement classes to specify correctness-preservation and prediction-preservation for MVCs; (3) a method to instantiate machine-verifiable requirements from these requirements classes using human performance experiment data; (4) human performance experiment data for image recognition involving eight commonly used transformations, from about 2000 human participants; and (5) a method for automatically checking whether an MVC satisfies our requirements. Further, we show that our reliability requirements are feasible and reusable by evaluating our methods on 13 state-of-the-art pre-trained image classification models. Finally, we demonstrate that our approach detects reliability gaps in MVCs that other existing methods are unable to detect.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distribution Regression with Sliced Wasserstein Kernels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03926">arxiv:2202.03926</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dimitri Meunier, Massimiliano Pontil, Carlo Ciliberto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The problem of learning functions over spaces of probabilities - or distribution regression - is gaining significant interest in the machine learning community. A key challenge behind this problem is to identify a suitable representation capturing all relevant properties of the underlying functional mapping. A principled approach to distribution regression is provided by kernel mean embeddings, which lifts kernel-induced similarity on the input domain at the probability level. This strategy effectively tackles the two-stage sampling nature of the problem, enabling one to derive estimators with strong statistical guarantees, such as universal consistency and excess risk bounds. However, kernel mean embeddings implicitly hinge on the maximum mean discrepancy (MMD), a metric on probabilities, which may fail to capture key geometrical relations between distributions. In contrast, optimal transport (OT) metrics, are potentially more appealing, as documented by the recent literature on the topic. In this work, we propose the first OT-based estimator for distribution regression. We build on the Sliced Wasserstein distance to obtain an OT-based representation. We study the theoretical properties of a kernel ridge regression estimator based on such representation, for which we prove universal consistency and excess risk bounds. Preliminary experiments complement our theoretical findings by showing the effectiveness of the proposed approach and compare it with MMD-based estimators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Edge-based fever screening system over private 5G</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03917">arxiv:2202.03917</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Murugan Sankaradas, Kunal Rao, Ravi Rajendran, Amit Redkar, Srimat Chakradhar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Edge computing and 5G have made it possible to perform analytics closer to the source of data and achieve super-low latency response times, which is not possible with centralized cloud deployment. In this paper, we present a novel fever-screening system, which uses edge machine learning techniques and leverages private 5G to accurately identify and screen individuals with fever in real-time. Particularly, we present deep-learning based novel techniques for fusion and alignment of cross-spectral visual and thermal data streams at the edge. Our novel Cross-Spectral Generative Adversarial Network (CS-GAN) synthesizes visual images that have the key, representative object level features required to uniquely associate objects across visual and thermal spectrum. Two key features of CS-GAN are a novel, feature-preserving loss function that results in high-quality pairing of corresponding cross-spectral objects, and dual bottleneck residual layers with skip connections (a new, network enhancement) to not only accelerate real-time inference, but to also speed up convergence during model training at the edge. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first technique that leverages 5G networks and limited edge resources to enable real-time feature-level association of objects in visual and thermal streams (30 ms per full HD frame on an Intel Core i7-8650 4-core, 1.9GHz mobile processor). To the best of our knowledge, this is also the first system to achieve real-time operation, which has enabled fever screening of employees and guests in arenas, theme parks, airports and other critical facilities. By leveraging edge computing and 5G, our fever screening system is able to achieve 98.5% accuracy and is able to process about 5X more people when compared to a centralized cloud deployment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>KENN: Enhancing Deep Neural Networks by Leveraging Knowledge for Time Series Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03903">arxiv:2202.03903</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Muhammad Ali Chattha, Ludger van Elst, Muhammad Imran Malik, Andreas Dengel, Sheraz Ahmed</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** End-to-end data-driven machine learning methods often have exuberant requirements in terms of quality and quantity of training data which are often impractical to fulfill in real-world applications. This is specifically true in time series domain where problems like disaster prediction, anomaly detection, and demand prediction often do not have a large amount of historical data. Moreover, relying purely on past examples for training can be sub-optimal since in doing so we ignore one very important domain i.e knowledge, which has its own distinct advantages. In this paper, we propose a novel knowledge fusion architecture, Knowledge Enhanced Neural Network (KENN), for time series forecasting that specifically aims towards combining strengths of both knowledge and data domains while mitigating their individual weaknesses. We show that KENN not only reduces data dependency of the overall framework but also improves performance by producing predictions that are better than the ones produced by purely knowledge and data driven domains. We also compare KENN with state-of-the-art forecasting methods and show that predictions produced by KENN are significantly better even when trained on only 50\% of the data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Comparative Study Between Distance Measures On Supervised Optimum-Path Forest Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03854">arxiv:2202.03854</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Gustavo Henrique de Rosa, Mateus Roder, João Paulo Papa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine Learning has attracted considerable attention throughout the past decade due to its potential to solve far-reaching tasks, such as image classification, object recognition, anomaly detection, and data forecasting. A standard approach to tackle such applications is based on supervised learning, which is assisted by large sets of labeled data and is conducted by the so-called classifiers, such as Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, and Support Vector Machines, among others. An alternative to traditional classifiers is the parameterless Optimum-Path Forest (OPF), which uses a graph-based methodology and a distance measure to create arcs between nodes and hence sets of trees, responsible for conquering the nodes, defining their labels, and shaping the forests. Nevertheless, its performance is strongly associated with an appropriate distance measure, which may vary according to the dataset's nature. Therefore, this work proposes a comparative study over a wide range of distance measures applied to the supervised Optimum-Path Forest classification. The experimental results are conducted using well-known literature datasets and compared across benchmarking classifiers, illustrating OPF's ability to adapt to distinct domains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Pitfalls of Using the Residual Error as Anomaly Score</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03826">arxiv:2202.03826</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Felix Meissen, Benedikt Wiestler, Georgios Kaissis, Daniel Rueckert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many current state-of-the-art methods for anomaly localization in medical images rely on calculating a residual image between a potentially anomalous input image and its "healthy" reconstruction. As the reconstruction of the unseen anomalous region should be erroneous, this yields large residuals as a score to detect anomalies in medical images. However, this assumption does not take into account residuals resulting from imperfect reconstructions of the machine learning models used. Such errors can easily overshadow residuals of interest and therefore strongly question the use of residual images as scoring function. Our work explores this fundamental problem of residual images in detail. We theoretically define the problem and thoroughly evaluate the influence of intensity and texture of anomalies against the effect of imperfect reconstructions in a series of experiments. Code and experiments are available under https://github.com/FeliMe/residual-score-pitfalls

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimal Transport of Binary Classifiers to Fairness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03814">arxiv:2202.03814</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Maarten Buyl, Tijl De Bie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Much of the past work on fairness in machine learning has focused on forcing the predictions of classifiers to have similar statistical properties for individuals of different demographics. Yet, such methods often simply perform a rescaling of the classifier scores and ignore whether individuals of different groups have similar features. Our proposed method, Optimal Transport to Fairness (OTF), applies Optimal Transport (OT) to take this similarity into account by quantifying unfairness as the smallest cost of OT between a classifier and any score function that satisfies fairness constraints. For a flexible class of linear fairness constraints, we show a practical way to compute OTF as an unfairness cost term that can be added to any standard classification setting. Experiments show that OTF can be used to achieve an effective trade-off between predictive power and fairness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Predict Graphs with Fused Gromov-Wasserstein Barycenters</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03813">arxiv:2202.03813</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Luc Brogat-Motte, Rémi Flamary, Céline Brouard, Juho Rousu, Florence d'Alché-Buc</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper introduces a novel and generic framework to solve the flagship task of supervised labeled graph prediction by leveraging Optimal Transport tools. We formulate the problem as regression with the Fused Gromov-Wasserstein (FGW) loss and propose a predictive model relying on a FGW barycenter whose weights depend on inputs. First we introduce a non-parametric estimator based on kernel ridge regression for which theoretical results such as consistency and excess risk bound are proved. Next we propose an interpretable parametric model where the barycenter weights are modeled with a neural network and the graphs on which the FGW barycenter is calculated are additionally learned. Numerical experiments show the strength of the method and its ability to interpolate in the labeled graph space on simulated data and on a difficult metabolic identification problem where it can reach very good performance with very little engineering.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep learning fluid flow reconstruction around arbitrary two-dimensional objects from sparse sensors using conformal mappings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03798">arxiv:2202.03798</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ali Girayhan Özbay, Sylvain Laizet</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The usage of deep neural networks (DNNs) for flow reconstruction (FR) tasks from a limited number of sensors is attracting strong research interest, owing to DNNs' ability to replicate very high dimensional relationships. Trained over a single flow case for a given Reynolds number or over a reduced range of Reynolds numbers, these models are unfortunately not able to handle fluid flows around different objects without re-training. In this work, we propose a new framework called Spatial Multi-Geometry FR (SMGFR) task, capable of reconstructing fluid flows around different two-dimensional objects without re-training, mapping the computational domain as an annulus. Different DNNs for different sensor setups (where information about the flow is collected) are trained with high-fidelity simulation data for a Reynolds number equal to approximately $300$ for 64 objects randomly generated using Bezier curves. The performance of the models and sensor setups are then assessed for the flow around 16 unseen objects. It is shown that our mapping approach improves percentage errors by up to 15\% in SMGFR when compared to a more conventional approach where the models are trained on a Cartesian grid. Finally, the SMGFR task is extended to predictions of fluid flow snapshots in the future, introducing the Spatio-temporal MGFR (STMGFR) task. For this spatio-temporal reconstruction task, a novel approach is developed involving splitting DNNs into a spatial and a temporal component. Our results demonstrate that this approach is able to reproduce, in time and in space, the main features of a fluid flow around arbitrary objects.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Particle Transformer for Jet Tagging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03772">arxiv:2202.03772</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Huilin Qu, Congqiao Li, Sitian Qian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Jet tagging is a critical yet challenging classification task in particle physics. While deep learning has transformed jet tagging and significantly improved performance, the lack of a large-scale public dataset impedes further enhancement. In this work, we present JetClass, a new comprehensive dataset for jet tagging. The JetClass dataset consists of 100 M jets, about two orders of magnitude larger than existing public datasets. A total of 10 types of jets are simulated, including several types unexplored for tagging so far. Based on the large dataset, we propose a new Transformer-based architecture for jet tagging, called Particle Transformer (ParT). By incorporating pairwise particle interactions in the attention mechanism, ParT achieves higher tagging performance than a plain Transformer and surpasses the previous state-of-the-art, ParticleNet, by a large margin. The pre-trained ParT models, once fine-tuned, also substantially enhance the performance on two widely adopted jet tagging benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Impact of Parameter Sparsity on Stochastic Gradient MCMC Methods for Bayesian Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03770">arxiv:2202.03770</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Meet P. Vadera, Adam D. Cobb, Brian Jalaian, Benjamin M. Marlin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian methods hold significant promise for improving the uncertainty quantification ability and robustness of deep neural network models. Recent research has seen the investigation of a number of approximate Bayesian inference methods for deep neural networks, building on both the variational Bayesian and Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) frameworks. A fundamental issue with MCMC methods is that the improvements they enable are obtained at the expense of increased computation time and model storage costs. In this paper, we investigate the potential of sparse network structures to flexibly trade-off model storage costs and inference run time against predictive performance and uncertainty quantification ability. We use stochastic gradient MCMC methods as the core Bayesian inference method and consider a variety of approaches for selecting sparse network structures. Surprisingly, our results show that certain classes of randomly selected substructures can perform as well as substructures derived from state-of-the-art iterative pruning methods while drastically reducing model training times.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cascaded Debiasing : Studying the Cumulative Effect of Multiple Fairness-Enhancing Interventions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03734">arxiv:2202.03734</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Bhavya Ghai, Mihir Mishra, Klaus Mueller</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Understanding the cumulative effect of multiple fairness enhancing interventions at different stages of the machine learning (ML) pipeline is a critical and underexplored facet of the fairness literature. Such knowledge can be valuable to data scientists/ML practitioners in designing fair ML pipelines. This paper takes the first step in exploring this area by undertaking an extensive empirical study comprising 60 combinations of interventions, 9 fairness metrics, 2 utility metrics (Accuracy and F1 Score) across 4 benchmark datasets. We quantitatively analyze the experimental data to measure the impact of multiple interventions on fairness, utility and population groups. We found that applying multiple interventions results in better fairness and lower utility than individual interventions on aggregate. However, adding more interventions do no always result in better fairness or worse utility. The likelihood of achieving high performance (F1 Score) along with high fairness increases with larger number of interventions. On the downside, we found that fairness-enhancing interventions can negatively impact different population groups, especially the privileged group. This study highlights the need for new fairness metrics that account for the impact on different population groups apart from just the disparity between groups. Lastly, we offer a list of combinations of interventions that perform best for different fairness and utility metrics to aid the design of fair ML pipelines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cyrus 2D Simulation Team Description Paper 2016</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03726">arxiv:2202.03726</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nader Zare, Ashkan Keshavarzi, Seyed Ehsan Beheshtian, Hadi Mowla, Aryan Akbarpour, Hossein Jafari, Keyvan Arab Baraghi, Mohammad Amin Zarifi, Reza Javidan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This description includes some explanation about algorithms and also algorithms that are being implemented by Cyrus team members. The objectives of this description are to express a brief explanation about shoot, block, mark and defensive decision will be given. It also explained about the parts that has been implemented. The base code that Cyrus used is agent 3.11.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Design of Flexible Meander Line Antenna for Healthcare for Wireless Medical Body Area Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05166">arxiv:2202.05166</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shahid M Ali, Cheab Sovuthy, Sima Noghanian, Qammer H. Abbasi, Tatjana Asenova, Peter Derleth, Alex Casson, Tughrul Arslan, Amir Hussain</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A flexible meander line monopole antenna (MMA) is presented in this paper. The antenna can be worn for on-and off-body applications. The overall dimension of the MMA is 37 mm x 50 mm x2.37 mm3. The MMA was manufactured and measured, and the results matched with simulation results. The MMA design shows a bandwidth of up to 1282.4 (450.5) MHz and provides gains of 3.03 (4.85) dBi in the lower and upper operating bands, respectively, showing omnidirectional radiation patterns in free space. While worn on the chest or arm, bandwidths as high as 688.9 (500.9) MHz and 1261.7 (524.2) MHz, and the gains of 3.80 (4.67) dBi and 3.00 (4.55) dBi were observed. The experimental measurements of the read range confirmed the results of the coverage range of up to 11 meters.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Effective classification of ecg signals using enhanced convolutional neural network in iot</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05154">arxiv:2202.05154</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ahmad M. Karim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, a novel ECG monitoring approach based on IoT technology is suggested. This paper proposes a routing system for IoT healthcare platforms based on Dynamic Source Routing (DSR) and Routing by Energy and Link Quality (REL). In addition, the Artificial Neural Network (ANN), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Convolution Neural Networks (CNNs)-based approaches for ECG signal categorization were tested in this study. Deep-ECG will employ a deep CNN to extract important characteristics, which will then be compared using simple and fast distance functions in order to classify cardiac problems efficiently. This work has suggested algorithms for the categorization of ECG data acquired from mobile watch users in order to identify aberrant data. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Beth Israel Hospital (MIT/BIH) Arrhythmia Database have been used for experimental verification of the suggested approaches. The results show that the proposed strategy outperforms others in terms of classification accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Wireless Transmission of Images With The Assistance of Multi-level Semantic Information</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04754">arxiv:2202.04754</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhenguo Zhang, Qianqian Yang, Shibo He, Mingyang Sun, Jiming Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Semantic-oriented communication has been considered as a promising to boost the bandwidth efficiency by only transmitting the semantics of the data. In this paper, we propose a multi-level semantic aware communication system for wireless image transmission, named MLSC-image, which is based on the deep learning techniques and trained in an end to end manner. In particular, the proposed model includes a multilevel semantic feature extractor, that extracts both the highlevel semantic information, such as the text semantics and the segmentation semantics, and the low-level semantic information, such as local spatial details of the images. We employ a pretrained image caption to capture the text semantics and a pretrained image segmentation model to obtain the segmentation semantics. These high-level and low-level semantic features are then combined and encoded by a joint semantic and channel encoder into symbols to transmit over the physical channel. The numerical results validate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed semantic communication system, especially under the limited bandwidth condition, which indicates the advantages of the high-level semantics in the compression of images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Intelligent Autonomous Intersection Management</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04224">arxiv:2202.04224</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Udesh Gunarathna, Shanika Karunasekara, Renata Borovica-Gajic, Egemen Tanin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Connected Autonomous Vehicles will make autonomous intersection management a reality replacing traditional traffic signal control. Autonomous intersection management requires time and speed adjustment of vehicles arriving at an intersection for collision-free passing through the intersection. Due to its computational complexity, this problem has been studied only when vehicle arrival times towards the vicinity of the intersection are known beforehand, which limits the applicability of these solutions for real-time deployment. To solve the real-time autonomous traffic intersection management problem, we propose a reinforcement learning (RL) based multiagent architecture and a novel RL algorithm coined multi-discount Q-learning. In multi-discount Q-learning, we introduce a simple yet effective way to solve a Markov Decision Process by preserving both short-term and long-term goals, which is crucial for collision-free speed control. Our empirical results show that our RL-based multiagent solution can achieve near-optimal performance efficiently when minimizing the travel time through an intersection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SwiftAgg: Communication-Efficient and Dropout-Resistant Secure Aggregation for Federated Learning with Worst-Case Security Guarantees</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04169">arxiv:2202.04169</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tayyebeh Jahani-Nezhad, Mohammad Ali Maddah-Ali, Songze Li, Giuseppe Caire</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose SwiftAgg, a novel secure aggregation protocol for federated learning systems, where a central server aggregates local models of $N$ distributed users, each of size $L$, trained on their local data, in a privacy-preserving manner. Compared with state-of-the-art secure aggregation protocols, SwiftAgg significantly reduces the communication overheads without any compromise on security. Specifically, in presence of at most $D$ dropout users, SwiftAgg achieves a users-to-server communication load of $(T+1)L$ and a users-to-users communication load of up to $(N-1)(T+D+1)L$, with a worst-case information-theoretic security guarantee, against any subset of up to $T$ semi-honest users who may also collude with the curious server. The key idea of SwiftAgg is to partition the users into groups of size $D+T+1$, then in the first phase, secret sharing and aggregation of the individual models are performed within each group, and then in the second phase, model aggregation is performed on $D+T+1$ sequences of users across the groups. If a user in a sequence drops out in the second phase, the rest of the sequence remain silent. This design allows only a subset of users to communicate with each other, and only the users in a single group to directly communicate with the server, eliminating the requirements of 1) all-to-all communication network across users; and 2) all users communicating with the server, for other secure aggregation protocols. This helps to substantially slash the communication costs of the system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Rate-Distortion-Perception Tradeoff: The Role of Common Randomness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04147">arxiv:2202.04147</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Aaron B. Wagner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A rate-distortion-perception (RDP) tradeoff has recently been proposed by Blau and Michaeli and also Matsumoto. Focusing on the case of perfect realism, which coincides with the problem of distribution-preserving lossy compression studied by Li et al., a coding theorem for the RDP tradeoff that allows for a specified amount of common randomness between the encoder and decoder is provided. The existing RDP tradeoff is recovered by allowing for the amount of common randomness to be infinite. The quadratic Gaussian case is examined in detail.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The EMory BrEast imaging Dataset (EMBED): A Racially Diverse, Granular Dataset of 3.5M Screening and Diagnostic Mammograms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04073">arxiv:2202.04073</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jiwoong J. Jeong, Brianna L. Vey, Ananth Reddy, Thomas Kim, Thiago Santos, Ramon Correa, Raman Dutt, Marina Mosunjac, Gabriela Oprea-Ilies, Geoffrey Smith, Minjae Woo, Christopher R. McAdams, Mary S. Newell, Imon Banerjee, Judy Gichoya, Hari Trivedi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Developing and validating artificial intelligence models in medical imaging requires datasets that are large, granular, and diverse. To date, the majority of publicly available breast imaging datasets lack in one or more of these areas. Models trained on these data may therefore underperform on patient populations or pathologies that have not previously been encountered. The EMory BrEast imaging Dataset (EMBED) addresses these gaps by providing 3650,000 2D and DBT screening and diagnostic mammograms for 116,000 women divided equally between White and African American patients. The dataset also contains 40,000 annotated lesions linked to structured imaging descriptors and 61 ground truth pathologic outcomes grouped into six severity classes. Our goal is to share this dataset with research partners to aid in development and validation of breast AI models that will serve all patients fairly and help decrease bias in medical AI.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physics-informed neural networks for solving parametric magnetostatic problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04041">arxiv:2202.04041</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Andrés Beltrán-Pulido, Ilias Bilionis, Dionysios Aliprantis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The optimal design of magnetic devices becomes intractable using current computational methods when the number of design parameters is high. The emerging physics-informed deep learning framework has the potential to alleviate this curse of dimensionality. The objective of this paper is to investigate the ability of physics-informed neural networks to learn the magnetic field response as a function of design parameters in the context of a two-dimensional (2-D) magnetostatic problem. Our approach is as follows. We derive the variational principle for 2-D parametric magnetostatic problems, and prove the existence and uniqueness of the solution that satisfies the equations of the governing physics, i.e., Maxwell's equations. We use a deep neural network (DNN) to represent the magnetic field as a function of space and a total of ten parameters that describe geometric features and operating point conditions. We train the DNN by minimizing the physics-informed loss function using a variant of stochastic gradient descent. Subsequently, we conduct systematic numerical studies using a parametric EI-core electromagnet problem. In these studies, we vary the DNN architecture trying more than one hundred different possibilities. For each study, we evaluate the accuracy of the DNN by comparing its predictions to those of finite element analysis. In an exhaustive non-parametric study, we observe that sufficiently parameterized dense networks result in relative errors of less than 1%. Residual connections always improve relative errors for the same number of training iterations. Also, we observe that Fourier encoding features aligned with the device geometry do improve the rate of convergence, albeit higher-order harmonics are not necessary. Finally, we demonstrate our approach on a ten-dimensional problem with parameterized geometry.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>From Generalisation Error to Transportation-cost Inequalities and Back</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03956">arxiv:2202.03956</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Amedeo Roberto Esposito, Michael Gastpar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we connect the problem of bounding the expected generalisation error with transportation-cost inequalities. Exposing the underlying pattern behind both approaches we are able to generalise them and go beyond Kullback-Leibler Divergences/Mutual Information and sub-Gaussian measures. In particular, we are able to provide a result showing the equivalence between two families of inequalities: one involving functionals and one involving measures. This result generalises the one proposed by Bobkov and Götze that connects transportation-cost inequalities with concentration of measure. Moreover, it allows us to recover all standard generalisation error bounds involving mutual information and to introduce new, more general bounds, that involve arbitrary divergence measures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Improved Analysis of Gradient Tracking for Decentralized Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03836">arxiv:2202.03836</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Anastasia Koloskova, Tao Lin, Sebastian U. Stich</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider decentralized machine learning over a network where the training data is distributed across $n$ agents, each of which can compute stochastic model updates on their local data. The agent's common goal is to find a model that minimizes the average of all local loss functions. While gradient tracking (GT) algorithms can overcome a key challenge, namely accounting for differences between workers' local data distributions, the known convergence rates for GT algorithms are not optimal with respect to their dependence on the mixing parameter $p$ (related to the spectral gap of the connectivity matrix).
  We provide a tighter analysis of the GT method in the stochastic strongly convex, convex and non-convex settings. We improve the dependency on $p$ from $\mathcal{O}(p^{-2})$ to $\mathcal{O}(p^{-1}c^{-1})$ in the noiseless case and from $\mathcal{O}(p^{-3/2})$ to $\mathcal{O}(p^{-1/2}c^{-1})$ in the general stochastic case, where $c \geq p$ is related to the negative eigenvalues of the connectivity matrix (and is a constant in most practical applications). This improvement was possible due to a new proof technique which could be of independent interest.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Can We Generate Shellcodes via Natural Language? An Empirical Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03755">arxiv:2202.03755</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pietro Liguori, Erfan Al-Hossami, Domenico Cotroneo, Roberto Natella, Bojan Cukic, Samira Shaikh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Writing software exploits is an important practice for offensive security analysts to investigate and prevent attacks. In particular, shellcodes are especially time-consuming and a technical challenge, as they are written in assembly language. In this work, we address the task of automatically generating shellcodes, starting purely from descriptions in natural language, by proposing an approach based on Neural Machine Translation (NMT). We then present an empirical study using a novel dataset (Shellcode_IA32), which consists of 3,200 assembly code snippets of real Linux/x86 shellcodes from public databases, annotated using natural language. Moreover, we propose novel metrics to evaluate the accuracy of NMT at generating shellcodes. The empirical analysis shows that NMT can generate assembly code snippets from the natural language with high accuracy and that in many cases can generate entire shellcodes with no errors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Weights can be Harmful: Pareto Search versus Weighted Search in Multi-Objective Search-Based Software Engineering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03728">arxiv:2202.03728</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tao Chen, Miqing Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In presence of multiple objectives to be optimized in Search-Based Software Engineering (SBSE), Pareto search has been commonly adopted. It searches for a good approximation of the problem's Pareto optimal solutions, from which the stakeholders choose the most preferred solution according to their preferences. However, when clear preferences of the stakeholders (e.g., a set of weights which reflect relative importance between objectives) are available prior to the search, weighted search is believed to be the first choice since it simplifies the search via converting the original multi-objective problem into a single-objective one and enable the search to focus on what only the stakeholders are interested in.
  This paper questions such a "weighted search first" belief. We show that the weights can, in fact, be harmful to the search process even in the presence of clear preferences. Specifically, we conduct a large scale empirical study which consists of 38 systems/projects from three representative SBSE problems, together with two types of search budget and nine sets of weights, leading to 604 cases of comparisons. Our key finding is that weighted search reaches a certain level of solution quality by consuming relatively less resources at the early stage of the search; however, Pareto search is at the majority of the time (up to 77% of the cases) significantly better than its weighted counterpart, as long as we allow a sufficient, but not unrealistic search budget. This, together with other findings and actionable suggestions in the paper, allows us to codify pragmatic and comprehensive guidance on choosing weighted and Pareto search for SBSE under the circumstance that clear preferences are available. All code and data can be accessed at: https://github.com/ideas-labo/pareto-vs-weight-for-sbse.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Iterative Bilinear Temporal-Spectral Fusion for Unsupervised Time-Series Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04770">arxiv:2202.04770</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ling Yang, Shenda Hong, Luxia Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised/self-supervised time series representation learning is a challenging problem because of its complex dynamics and sparse annotations. Existing works mainly adopt the framework of contrastive learning with the time-based augmentation techniques to sample positives and negatives for contrastive training. Nevertheless, they mostly use segment-level augmentation derived from time slicing, which may bring about sampling bias and incorrect optimization with false negatives due to the loss of global context. Besides, they all pay no attention to incorporate the spectral information in feature representation. In this paper, we propose a unified framework, namely Bilinear Temporal-Spectral Fusion (BTSF). Specifically, we firstly utilize the instance-level augmentation with a simple dropout on the entire time series for maximally capturing long-term dependencies. We devise a novel iterative bilinear temporal-spectral fusion to explicitly encode the affinities of abundant time-frequency pairs, and iteratively refines representations in a fusion-and-squeeze manner with Spectrum-to-Time (S2T) and Time-to-Spectrum (T2S) Aggregation modules. We firstly conducts downstream evaluations on three major tasks for time series including classification, forecasting and anomaly detection. Experimental results shows that our BTSF consistently significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>IoT Malware Detection Architecture using a Novel Channel Boosted and Squeezed CNN</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04121">arxiv:2202.04121</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Muhammad Asam, Saddam Hussain Khan, Tauseef Jamal, Asifullah Khan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Interaction between devices, people, and the Internet has given birth to a new digital communication model, the Internet of Things (IoT). The seamless network of these smart devices is the core of this IoT model. However, on the other hand, integrating smart devices to constitute a network introduces many security challenges. These connected devices have created a security blind spot, where cybercriminals can easily launch an attack to compromise the devices using malware proliferation techniques. Therefore, malware detection is considered a lifeline for the survival of IoT devices against cyberattacks. This study proposes a novel IoT Malware Detection Architecture (iMDA) using squeezing and boosting dilated convolutional neural network (CNN). The proposed architecture exploits the concepts of edge and smoothing, multi-path dilated convolutional operations, channel squeezing, and boosting in CNN. Edge and smoothing operations are employed with split-transform-merge (STM) blocks to extract local structure and minor contrast variation in the malware images. STM blocks performed multi-path dilated convolutional operations, which helped recognize the global structure of malware patterns. Additionally, channel squeezing and merging helped to get the prominent reduced and diverse feature maps, respectively. Channel squeezing and boosting are applied with the help of STM block at the initial, middle and final levels to capture the texture variation along with the depth for the sake of malware pattern hunting. The proposed architecture has shown substantial performance compared with the customized CNN models. The proposed iMDA has achieved Accuracy: 97.93%, F1-Score: 0.9394, Precision: 0.9864, MCC: 0. 8796, Recall: 0.8873, AUC-PR: 0.9689 and AUC-ROC: 0.9938.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GraphDCA -- a Framework for Node Distribution Comparison in Real and Synthetic Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03884">arxiv:2202.03884</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ciwan Ceylan, Petra Poklukar, Hanna Hultin, Alexander Kravchenko, Anastasia Varava, Danica Kragic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We argue that when comparing two graphs, the distribution of node structural features is more informative than global graph statistics which are often used in practice, especially to evaluate graph generative models. Thus, we present GraphDCA - a framework for evaluating similarity between graphs based on the alignment of their respective node representation sets. The sets are compared using a recently proposed method for comparing representation spaces, called Delaunay Component Analysis (DCA), which we extend to graph data. To evaluate our framework, we generate a benchmark dataset of graphs exhibiting different structural patterns and show, using three node structure feature extractors, that GraphDCA recognizes graphs with both similar and dissimilar local structure. We then apply our framework to evaluate three publicly available real-world graph datasets and demonstrate, using gradual edge perturbations, that GraphDCA satisfyingly captures gradually decreasing similarity, unlike global statistics. Finally, we use GraphDCA to evaluate two state-of-the-art graph generative models, NetGAN and CELL, and conclude that further improvements are needed for these models to adequately reproduce local structural features.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Indy Autonomous Challenge -- Autonomous Race Cars at the Handling Limits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03807">arxiv:2202.03807</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Alexander Wischnewski, Maximilian Geisslinger, Johannes Betz, Tobias Betz, Felix Fent, Alexander Heilmeier, Leonhard Hermansdorfer, Thomas Herrmann, Sebastian Huch, Phillip Karle, Felix Nobis, Levent Ögretmen, Matthias Rowold, Florian Sauerbeck, Tim Stahl, Rainer Trauth, Markus Lienkamp, Boris Lohmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Motorsport has always been an enabler for technological advancement, and the same applies to the autonomous driving industry. The team TUM Auton-omous Motorsports will participate in the Indy Autonomous Challenge in Octo-ber 2021 to benchmark its self-driving software-stack by racing one out of ten autonomous Dallara AV-21 racecars at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. The first part of this paper explains the reasons for entering an autonomous vehicle race from an academic perspective: It allows focusing on several edge cases en-countered by autonomous vehicles, such as challenging evasion maneuvers and unstructured scenarios. At the same time, it is inherently safe due to the motor-sport related track safety precautions. It is therefore an ideal testing ground for the development of autonomous driving algorithms capable of mastering the most challenging and rare situations. In addition, we provide insight into our soft-ware development workflow and present our Hardware-in-the-Loop simulation setup. It is capable of running simulations of up to eight autonomous vehicles in real time. The second part of the paper gives a high-level overview of the soft-ware architecture and covers our development priorities in building a high-per-formance autonomous racing software: maximum sensor detection range, relia-ble handling of multi-vehicle situations, as well as reliable motion control under uncertainty.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.02.07]({{ '/2022/02/07/2022.02.07.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.02.09]({{ '/2022/02/09/2022.02.09.html' | relative_url }})