Prev: [2022.05.17]({{ '/2022/05/17/2022.05.17.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.05.19]({{ '/2022/05/19/2022.05.19.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-05-18, created on 2022-05-25


<details><summary><b>Meta-Learning Sparse Compression Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08957">arxiv:2205.08957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1770 <br>
<p>Jonathan Richard Schwarz, Yee Whye Teh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent work in Deep Learning has re-imagined the representation of data as functions mapping from a coordinate space to an underlying continuous signal. When such functions are approximated by neural networks this introduces a compelling alternative to the more common multi-dimensional array representation. Recent work on such Implicit Neural Representations (INRs) has shown that - following careful architecture search - INRs can outperform established compression methods such as JPEG (e.g. Dupont et al., 2021). In this paper, we propose crucial steps towards making such ideas scalable: Firstly, we employ stateof-the-art network sparsification techniques to drastically improve compression. Secondly, introduce the first method allowing for sparsification to be employed in the inner-loop of commonly used Meta-Learning algorithms, drastically improving both compression and the computational cost of learning INRs. The generality of this formalism allows us to present results on diverse data modalities such as images, manifolds, signed distance functions, 3D shapes and scenes, several of which establish new state-of-the-art results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Masked Autoencoders As Spatiotemporal Learners</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09113">arxiv:2205.09113</a>
&#x1F4C8; 79 <br>
<p>Christoph Feichtenhofer, Haoqi Fan, Yanghao Li, Kaiming He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper studies a conceptually simple extension of Masked Autoencoders (MAE) to spatiotemporal representation learning from videos. We randomly mask out spacetime patches in videos and learn an autoencoder to reconstruct them in pixels. Interestingly, we show that our MAE method can learn strong representations with almost no inductive bias on spacetime (only except for patch and positional embeddings), and spacetime-agnostic random masking performs the best. We observe that the optimal masking ratio is as high as 90% (vs. 75% on images), supporting the hypothesis that this ratio is related to information redundancy of the data. A high masking ratio leads to a large speedup, e.g., > 4x in wall-clock time or even more. We report competitive results on several challenging video datasets using vanilla Vision Transformers. We observe that MAE can outperform supervised pre-training by large margins. We further report encouraging results of training on real-world, uncurated Instagram data. Our study suggests that the general framework of masked autoencoding (BERT, MAE, etc.) can be a unified methodology for representation learning with minimal domain knowledge.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dialog Inpainting: Turning Documents into Dialogs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09073">arxiv:2205.09073</a>
&#x1F4C8; 64 <br>
<p>Zhuyun Dai, Arun Tejasvi Chaganty, Vincent Zhao, Aida Amini, Qazi Mamunur Rashid, Mike Green, Kelvin Guu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many important questions (e.g. "How to eat healthier?") require conversation to establish context and explore in depth. However, conversational question answering (ConvQA) systems have long been stymied by scarce training data that is expensive to collect. To address this problem, we propose a new technique for synthetically generating diverse and high-quality dialog data: dialog inpainting. Our approach takes the text of any document and transforms it into a two-person dialog between the writer and an imagined reader: we treat sentences from the article as utterances spoken by the writer, and then use a dialog inpainter to predict what the imagined reader asked or said in between each of the writer's utterances. By applying this approach to passages from Wikipedia and the web, we produce WikiDialog and WebDialog, two datasets totalling 19 million diverse information-seeking dialogs -- 1,000x larger than the largest existing ConvQA dataset. Furthermore, human raters judge the answer adequacy and conversationality of WikiDialog to be as good or better than existing manually-collected datasets. Using our inpainted data to pre-train ConvQA retrieval systems, we significantly advance state-of-the-art across three benchmarks (QReCC, OR-QuAC, TREC CAsT) yielding up to 40% relative gains on standard evaluation metrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MESH2IR: Neural Acoustic Impulse Response Generator for Complex 3D Scenes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09248">arxiv:2205.09248</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>Anton Ratnarajah, Zhenyu Tang, Rohith Chandrashekar Aralikatti, Dinesh Manocha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a mesh-based neural network (MESH2IR) to generate acoustic impulse responses (IRs) for indoor 3D scenes represented using a mesh. The IRs are used to create a high-quality sound experience in interactive applications and audio processing. Our method can handle input triangular meshes with arbitrary topologies (2K - 3M triangles). We present a novel training technique to train MESH2IR using energy decay relief and highlight its benefits. We also show that training MESH2IR on IRs preprocessed using our proposed technique significantly improves the accuracy of IR generation. We reduce the non-linearity in the mesh space by transforming 3D scene meshes to latent space using a graph convolution network. Our MESH2IR is more than 200 times faster than a geometric acoustic algorithm on a CPU and can generate more than 10,000 IRs per second on an NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti GPU for a given furnished indoor 3D scene. The acoustic metrics are used to characterize the acoustic environment. We show that the acoustic metrics of the IRs predicted from our MESH2IR match the ground truth with less than 10% error. We also highlight the benefits of MESH2IR on audio and speech processing applications such as speech dereverberation and speech separation. To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first neural-network-based approach to predict IRs from a given 3D scene mesh in real-time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Riemannian Metric Learning via Optimal Transport</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09244">arxiv:2205.09244</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Christopher Scarvelis, Justin Solomon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce an optimal transport-based model for learning a metric tensor from cross-sectional samples of evolving probability measures on a common Riemannian manifold. We neurally parametrize the metric as a spatially-varying matrix field and efficiently optimize our model's objective using backpropagation. Using this learned metric, we can nonlinearly interpolate between probability measures and compute geodesics on the manifold. We show that metrics learned using our method improve the quality of trajectory inference on scRNA and bird migration data at the cost of little additional cross-sectional data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LeRaC: Learning Rate Curriculum</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09180">arxiv:2205.09180</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Florinel-Alin Croitoru, Nicolae-Catalin Ristea, Radu Tudor Ionescu, Nicu Sebe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most curriculum learning methods require an approach to sort the data samples by difficulty, which is often cumbersome to perform. In this work, we propose a novel curriculum learning approach termed Learning Rate Curriculum (LeRaC), which leverages the use of a different learning rate for each layer of a neural network to create a data-free curriculum during the initial training epochs. More specifically, LeRaC assigns higher learning rates to neural layers closer to the input, gradually decreasing the learning rates as the layers are placed farther away from the input. The learning rates increase at various paces during the first training iterations, until they all reach the same value. From this point on, the neural model is trained as usual. This creates a model-level curriculum learning strategy that does not require sorting the examples by difficulty and is compatible with any neural network, generating higher performance levels regardless of the architecture. We conduct comprehensive experiments on eight datasets from the computer vision (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Tiny ImageNet), language (BoolQ, QNLI, RTE) and audio (ESC-50, CREMA-D) domains, considering various convolutional (ResNet-18, Wide-ResNet-50, DenseNet-121), recurrent (LSTM) and transformer (CvT, BERT, SepTr) architectures, comparing our approach with the conventional training regime. Moreover, we also compare with Curriculum by Smoothing (CBS), a state-of-the-art data-free curriculum learning approach. Unlike CBS, our performance improvements over the standard training regime are consistent across all datasets and models. Furthermore, we significantly surpass CBS in terms of training time (there is no additional cost over the standard training regime for LeRaC).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Causal Inference from Small High-dimensional Datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09281">arxiv:2205.09281</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Raquel Aoki, Martin Ester</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many methods have been proposed to estimate treatment effects with observational data. Often, the choice of the method considers the application's characteristics, such as type of treatment and outcome, confounding effect, and the complexity of the data. These methods implicitly assume that the sample size is large enough to train such models, especially the neural network-based estimators. What if this is not the case? In this work, we propose Causal-Batle, a methodology to estimate treatment effects in small high-dimensional datasets in the presence of another high-dimensional dataset in the same feature space. We adopt an approach that brings transfer learning techniques into causal inference. Our experiments show that such an approach helps to bring stability to neural network-based methods and improve the treatment effect estimates in small high-dimensional datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Mutually Exciting Latent Space Hawkes Process Model for Continuous-time Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09263">arxiv:2205.09263</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Zhipeng Huang, Hadeel Soliman, Subhadeep Paul, Kevin S. Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Networks and temporal point processes serve as fundamental building blocks for modeling complex dynamic relational data in various domains. We propose the latent space Hawkes (LSH) model, a novel generative model for continuous-time networks of relational events, using a latent space representation for nodes. We model relational events between nodes using mutually exciting Hawkes processes with baseline intensities dependent upon the distances between the nodes in the latent space and sender and receiver specific effects. We propose an alternating minimization algorithm to jointly estimate the latent positions of the nodes and other model parameters. We demonstrate that our proposed LSH model can replicate many features observed in real temporal networks including reciprocity and transitivity, while also achieves superior prediction accuracy and provides more interpretability compared to existing models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Limits of Evaluating Embodied Agent Model Generalization Using Validation Sets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09249">arxiv:2205.09249</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Hyounghun Kim, Aishwarya Padmakumar, Di Jin, Mohit Bansal, Dilek Hakkani-Tur</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Natural language guided embodied task completion is a challenging problem since it requires understanding natural language instructions, aligning them with egocentric visual observations, and choosing appropriate actions to execute in the environment to produce desired changes. We experiment with augmenting a transformer model for this task with modules that effectively utilize a wider field of view and learn to choose whether the next step requires a navigation or manipulation action. We observed that the proposed modules resulted in improved, and in fact state-of-the-art performance on an unseen validation set of a popular benchmark dataset, ALFRED. However, our best model selected using the unseen validation set underperforms on the unseen test split of ALFRED, indicating that performance on the unseen validation set may not in itself be a sufficient indicator of whether model improvements generalize to unseen test sets. We highlight this result as we believe it may be a wider phenomenon in machine learning tasks but primarily noticeable only in benchmarks that limit evaluations on test splits, and highlights the need to modify benchmark design to better account for variance in model performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conformalized Online Learning: Online Calibration Without a Holdout Set</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09095">arxiv:2205.09095</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Shai Feldman, Stephen Bates, Yaniv Romano</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a framework for constructing uncertainty sets with a valid coverage guarantee in an online setting, in which the underlying data distribution can drastically -- and even adversarially -- shift over time. The technique we propose is highly flexible as it can be integrated with any online learning algorithm, requiring minimal implementation effort and computational cost. A key advantage of our method over existing alternatives -- which also build on conformal inference -- is that we do not need to split the data into training and holdout calibration sets. This allows us to fit the predictive model in a fully online manner, utilizing the most recent observation for constructing calibrated uncertainty sets. Consequently, and in contrast with existing techniques, (i) the sets we build can quickly adapt to new changes in the distribution; and (ii) our procedure does not require refitting the model at each time step. Using synthetic and real-world benchmark data sets, we demonstrate the validity of our theory and the improved performance of our proposal over existing techniques. To demonstrate the greater flexibility of the proposed method, we show how to construct valid intervals for a multiple-output regression problem that previous sequential calibration methods cannot handle due to impractical computational and memory requirements.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Constraint-Based Causal Structure Learning from Undersampled Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09235">arxiv:2205.09235</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Mohammadsajad Abavisani, David Danks, Sergey Plis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graphical structures estimated by causal learning algorithms from time series data can provide highly misleading causal information if the causal timescale of the generating process fails to match the measurement timescale of the data. Although this problem has been recently recognized, practitioners have limited resources to respond to it, and so must continue using models that they know are likely misleading. Existing methods either (a) require that the difference between causal and measurement timescales is known; or (b) can handle only very small number of random variables when the timescale difference is unknown; or (c) apply to only pairs of variables, though with fewer assumptions about prior knowledge; or (d) return impractically too many solutions. This paper addresses all four challenges. We combine constraint programming with both theoretical insights into the problem structure and prior information about admissible causal interactions. The resulting system provides a practical approach that scales to significantly larger sets (>100) of random variables, does not require precise knowledge of the timescale difference, supports edge misidentification and parametric connection strengths, and can provide the optimum choice among many possible solutions. The cumulative impact of these improvements is gain of multiple orders of magnitude in speed and informativeness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stochastic uncertainty analysis of gravity gradient tensor components and their combinations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09159">arxiv:2205.09159</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Pejman Shamsipour, Amin Aghaee, Tedd Kourkounakis, Shawn Hood</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Full tensor gravity (FTG) devices provide up to five independent components of the gravity gradient tensor. However, we do not yet have a quantitative understanding of which tensor components or combinations of components are more important to recover a subsurface density model by gravity inversion. This is mainly because different components may be more appropriate in different scenarios or purposes. Knowledge of these components in different environments can aid with selection of optimal selection of component combinations. In this work, we propose to apply stochastic inversion to assess the uncertainty of gravity gradient tensor components and their combinations. The method is therefore a quantitative approach. The applied method here is based on the geostatistical inversion (Gaussian process regression) concept using cokriging. The cokriging variances (variance function of the GP) are found to be a useful indicator for distinguishing the gravity gradient tensor components. This approach is applied to the New Found dataset to demonstrate its effectiveness in real-world applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Constraining the Attack Space of Machine Learning Models with Distribution Clamping Preprocessing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08989">arxiv:2205.08989</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Ryan Feng, Somesh Jha, Atul Prakash</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Preprocessing and outlier detection techniques have both been applied to neural networks to increase robustness with varying degrees of success. In this paper, we formalize the ideal preprocessor function as one that would take any input and set it to the nearest in-distribution input. In other words, we detect any anomalous pixels and set them such that the new input is in-distribution. We then illustrate a relaxed solution to this problem in the context of patch attacks. Specifically, we demonstrate that we can model constraints on the patch attack that specify regions as out of distribution. With these constraints, we are able to preprocess inputs successfully, increasing robustness on CARLA object detection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Applicable Reinforcement Learning: Improving the Generalization and Sample Efficiency with Policy Ensemble</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09284">arxiv:2205.09284</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Zhengyu Yang, Kan Ren, Xufang Luo, Minghuan Liu, Weiqing Liu, Jiang Bian, Weinan Zhang, Dongsheng Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It is challenging for reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms to succeed in real-world applications like financial trading and logistic system due to the noisy observation and environment shifting between training and evaluation. Thus, it requires both high sample efficiency and generalization for resolving real-world tasks. However, directly applying typical RL algorithms can lead to poor performance in such scenarios. Considering the great performance of ensemble methods on both accuracy and generalization in supervised learning (SL), we design a robust and applicable method named Ensemble Proximal Policy Optimization (EPPO), which learns ensemble policies in an end-to-end manner. Notably, EPPO combines each policy and the policy ensemble organically and optimizes both simultaneously. In addition, EPPO adopts a diversity enhancement regularization over the policy space which helps to generalize to unseen states and promotes exploration. We theoretically prove EPPO increases exploration efficacy, and through comprehensive experimental evaluations on various tasks, we demonstrate that EPPO achieves higher efficiency and is robust for real-world applications compared with vanilla policy optimization algorithms and other ensemble methods. Code and supplemental materials are available at https://seqml.github.io/eppo.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Debiasing Neural Retrieval via In-batch Balancing Regularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09240">arxiv:2205.09240</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Yuantong Li, Xiaokai Wei, Zijian Wang, Shen Wang, Parminder Bhatia, Xiaofei Ma, Andrew Arnold</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** People frequently interact with information retrieval (IR) systems, however, IR models exhibit biases and discrimination towards various demographics. The in-processing fair ranking methods provide a trade-offs between accuracy and fairness through adding a fairness-related regularization term in the loss function. However, there haven't been intuitive objective functions that depend on the click probability and user engagement to directly optimize towards this. In this work, we propose the In-Batch Balancing Regularization (IBBR) to mitigate the ranking disparity among subgroups. In particular, we develop a differentiable \textit{normed Pairwise Ranking Fairness} (nPRF) and leverage the T-statistics on top of nPRF over subgroups as a regularization to improve fairness. Empirical results with the BERT-based neural rankers on the MS MARCO Passage Retrieval dataset with the human-annotated non-gendered queries benchmark \citep{rekabsaz2020neural} show that our IBBR method with nPRF achieves significantly less bias with minimal degradation in ranking performance compared with the baseline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable Multi-view Clustering with Graph Filtering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09228">arxiv:2205.09228</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Liang Liu, Peng Chen, Guangchun Luo, Zhao Kang, Yonggang Luo, Sanchu Han</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the explosive growth of multi-source data, multi-view clustering has attracted great attention in recent years. Most existing multi-view methods operate in raw feature space and heavily depend on the quality of original feature representation. Moreover, they are often designed for feature data and ignore the rich topology structure information. Accordingly, in this paper, we propose a generic framework to cluster both attribute and graph data with heterogeneous features. It is capable of exploring the interplay between feature and structure. Specifically, we first adopt graph filtering technique to eliminate high-frequency noise to achieve a clustering-friendly smooth representation. To handle the scalability challenge, we develop a novel sampling strategy to improve the quality of anchors. Extensive experiments on attribute and graph benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our approach with respect to state-of-the-art approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AI-assisted Optimization of the ECCE Tracking System at the Electron Ion Collider</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09185">arxiv:2205.09185</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>C. Fanelli, Z. Papandreou, K. Suresh, J. K. Adkins, Y. Akiba, A. Albataineh, M. Amaryan, I. C. Arsene, C. Ayerbe Gayoso, J. Bae, X. Bai, M. D. Baker, M. Bashkanov, R. Bellwied, F. Benmokhtar, V. Berdnikov, J. C. Bernauer, F. Bock, W. Boeglin, M. Borysova, E. Brash, P. Brindza, W. J. Briscoe, M. Brooks, S. Bueltmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Electron-Ion Collider (EIC) is a cutting-edge accelerator facility that will study the nature of the "glue" that binds the building blocks of the visible matter in the universe. The proposed experiment will be realized at Brookhaven National Laboratory in approximately 10 years from now, with detector design and R&D currently ongoing. Notably, EIC is one of the first large-scale facilities to leverage Artificial Intelligence (AI) already starting from the design and R&D phases. The EIC Comprehensive Chromodynamics Experiment (ECCE) is a consortium that proposed a detector design based on a 1.5T solenoid. The EIC detector proposal review concluded that the ECCE design will serve as the reference design for an EIC detector. Herein we describe a comprehensive optimization of the ECCE tracker using AI. The work required a complex parametrization of the simulated detector system. Our approach dealt with an optimization problem in a multidimensional design space driven by multiple objectives that encode the detector performance, while satisfying several mechanical constraints. We describe our strategy and show results obtained for the ECCE tracking system. The AI-assisted design is agnostic to the simulation framework and can be extended to other sub-detectors or to a system of sub-detectors to further optimize the performance of the EIC detector.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PreQuEL: Quality Estimation of Machine Translation Outputs in Advance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09178">arxiv:2205.09178</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Shachar Don-Yehiya, Leshem Choshen, Omri Abend</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present the task of PreQuEL, Pre-(Quality-Estimation) Learning. A PreQuEL system predicts how well a given sentence will be translated, without recourse to the actual translation, thus eschewing unnecessary resource allocation when translation quality is bound to be low. PreQuEL can be defined relative to a given MT system (e.g., some industry service) or generally relative to the state-of-the-art. From a theoretical perspective, PreQuEL places the focus on the source text, tracing properties, possibly linguistic features, that make a sentence harder to machine translate.
  We develop a baseline model for the task and analyze its performance. We also develop a data augmentation method (from parallel corpora), that improves results substantially. We show that this augmentation method can improve the performance of the Quality-Estimation task as well. We investigate the properties of the input text that our model is sensitive to, by testing it on challenge sets and different languages. We conclude that it is aware of syntactic and semantic distinctions, and correlates and even over-emphasizes the importance of standard NLP features.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generating Explanations from Deep Reinforcement Learning Using Episodic Memory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08926">arxiv:2205.08926</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Sam Blakeman, Denis Mareschal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Reinforcement Learning (RL) involves the use of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to make sequential decisions in order to maximize reward. For many tasks the resulting sequence of actions produced by a Deep RL policy can be long and difficult to understand for humans. A crucial component of human explanations is selectivity, whereby only key decisions and causes are recounted. Imbuing Deep RL agents with such an ability would make their resulting policies easier to understand from a human perspective and generate a concise set of instructions to aid the learning of future agents. To this end we use a Deep RL agent with an episodic memory system to identify and recount key decisions during policy execution. We show that these decisions form a short, human readable explanation that can also be used to speed up the learning of naive Deep RL agents in an algorithm-independent manner.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>IL-flOw: Imitation Learning from Observation using Normalizing Flows</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09251">arxiv:2205.09251</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Wei-Di Chang, Juan Camilo Gamboa Higuera, Scott Fujimoto, David Meger, Gregory Dudek</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present an algorithm for Inverse Reinforcement Learning (IRL) from expert state observations only. Our approach decouples reward modelling from policy learning, unlike state-of-the-art adversarial methods which require updating the reward model during policy search and are known to be unstable and difficult to optimize. Our method, IL-flOw, recovers the expert policy by modelling state-state transitions, by generating rewards using deep density estimators trained on the demonstration trajectories, avoiding the instability issues of adversarial methods. We demonstrate that using the state transition log-probability density as a reward signal for forward reinforcement learning translates to matching the trajectory distribution of the expert demonstrations, and experimentally show good recovery of the true reward signal as well as state of the art results for imitation from observation on locomotion and robotic continuous control tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computing the ensemble spread from deterministic weather predictions using conditional generative adversarial networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09182">arxiv:2205.09182</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Rüdiger Brecht, Alex Bihlo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Ensemble prediction systems are an invaluable tool for weather forecasting. Practically, ensemble predictions are obtained by running several perturbations of the deterministic control forecast. However, ensemble prediction is associated with a high computational cost and often involves statistical post-processing steps to improve its quality. Here we propose to use deep-learning-based algorithms to learn the statistical properties of an ensemble prediction system, the ensemble spread, given only the deterministic control forecast. Thus, once trained, the costly ensemble prediction system will not be needed anymore to obtain future ensemble forecasts, and the statistical properties of the ensemble can be derived from a single deterministic forecast. We adapt the classical pix2pix architecture to a three-dimensional model and also experiment with a shared latent space encoder-decoder model, and train them against several years of operational (ensemble) weather forecasts for the 500 hPa geopotential height. The results demonstrate that the trained models indeed allow obtaining a highly accurate ensemble spread from the control forecast only.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DDXPlus: A new Dataset for Medical Automatic Diagnosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09148">arxiv:2205.09148</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Arsene Fansi Tchango, Zhi Wen, Rishab Goel, Joumana Ghosn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There has been rapidly growing interests in Automatic Diagnosis (AD) and Automatic Symptom Detection (ASD) systems in the machine learning research literature, aiming to assist doctors in telemedicine services. These systems are designed to interact with patients, collect evidence relevant to their concerns, and make predictions about the underlying diseases. Doctors would review the interaction, including the evidence and the predictions, before making their final decisions. Despite the recent progress, an important piece of doctors' interactions with patients is missing in the design of AD and ASD systems, namely the differential diagnosis. Its absence is largely due to the lack of datasets that include such information for models to train on. In this work, we present a large-scale synthetic dataset that includes a differential diagnosis, along with the ground truth pathology, for each patient. In addition, this dataset includes more pathologies, as well as types of symtoms and antecedents. As a proof-of-concept, we extend several existing AD and ASD systems to incorporate differential diagnosis, and provide empirical evidence that using differentials in training signals is essential for such systems to learn to predict differentials. Dataset available at https://github.com/bruzwen/ddxplus

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Price Interpretability of Prediction Markets: A Convergence Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08913">arxiv:2205.08913</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dian Yu, Jianjun Gao, Weiping Wu, Zizhuo Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prediction markets are long known for prediction accuracy. However, there is still a lack of systematic understanding of how prediction markets aggregate information and why they work so well. This work proposes a multivariate utility (MU)-based mechanism that unifies several existing prediction market-making schemes. Based on this mechanism, we derive convergence results for markets with myopic, risk-averse traders who repeatedly interact with the market maker. We show that the resulting limiting wealth distribution lies on the Pareto efficient frontier defined by all market participants' utilities. With the help of this result, we establish both analytical and numerical results for the limiting price for different market models. We show that the limiting price converges to the geometric mean of agents' beliefs for exponential utility-based markets. For risk measure-based markets, we construct a risk measure family that meets the convergence requirements and show that the limiting price can converge to a weighted power mean of agent beliefs. For markets based on hyperbolic absolute risk aversion (HARA) utilities, we show that the limiting price is also a risk-adjusted weighted power mean of agent beliefs, even though the trading order will affect the aggregation weights. We further propose an approximation scheme for the limiting price under the HARA utility family. We show through numerical experiments that our approximation scheme works well in predicting the convergent prices.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>3D Segmentation Guided Style-based Generative Adversarial Networks for PET Synthesis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08887">arxiv:2205.08887</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yang Zhou, Zhiwen Yang, Hui Zhang, Eric I-Chao Chang, Yubo Fan, Yan Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Potential radioactive hazards in full-dose positron emission tomography (PET) imaging remain a concern, whereas the quality of low-dose images is never desirable for clinical use. So it is of great interest to translate low-dose PET images into full-dose. Previous studies based on deep learning methods usually directly extract hierarchical features for reconstruction. We notice that the importance of each feature is different and they should be weighted dissimilarly so that tiny information can be captured by the neural network. Furthermore, the synthesis on some regions of interest is important in some applications. Here we propose a novel segmentation guided style-based generative adversarial network (SGSGAN) for PET synthesis. (1) We put forward a style-based generator employing style modulation, which specifically controls the hierarchical features in the translation process, to generate images with more realistic textures. (2) We adopt a task-driven strategy that couples a segmentation task with a generative adversarial network (GAN) framework to improve the translation performance. Extensive experiments show the superiority of our overall framework in PET synthesis, especially on those regions of interest.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GeoPointGAN: Synthetic Spatial Data with Local Label Differential Privacy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08886">arxiv:2205.08886</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Teddy Cunningham, Konstantin Klemmer, Hongkai Wen, Hakan Ferhatosmanoglu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Synthetic data generation is a fundamental task for many data management and data science applications. Spatial data is of particular interest, and its sensitive nature often leads to privacy concerns. We introduce GeoPointGAN, a novel GAN-based solution for generating synthetic spatial point datasets with high utility and strong individual level privacy guarantees. GeoPointGAN's architecture includes a novel point transformation generator that learns to project randomly generated point co-ordinates into meaningful synthetic co-ordinates that capture both microscopic (e.g., junctions, squares) and macroscopic (e.g., parks, lakes) geographic features. We provide our privacy guarantees through label local differential privacy, which is more practical than traditional local differential privacy. We seamlessly integrate this level of privacy into GeoPointGAN by augmenting the discriminator to the point level and implementing a randomized response-based mechanism that flips the labels associated with the 'real' and 'fake' points used in training. Extensive experiments show that GeoPointGAN significantly outperforms recent solutions, improving by up to 10 times compared to the most competitive baseline. We also evaluate GeoPointGAN using range, hotspot, and facility location queries, which confirm the practical effectiveness of GeoPointGAN for privacy-preserving querying. The results illustrate that a strong level of privacy is achieved with little-to-no adverse utility cost, which we explain through the generalization and regularization effects that are realized by flipping the labels of the data during training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Large Neural Networks Learning from Scratch with Very Few Data and without Regularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08836">arxiv:2205.08836</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Christoph Linse, Thomas Martinetz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent findings have shown that Neural Networks generalize also in over-parametrized regimes with zero training error. This is surprising, since it is completely against traditional machine learning wisdom. In our empirical study we fortify these findings in the domain of fine-grained image classification. We show that very large Convolutional Neural Networks with millions of weights do learn with only a handful of training samples and without image augmentation, explicit regularization or pretraining. We train the architectures ResNet018, ResNet101 and VGG19 on subsets of the difficult benchmark datasets Caltech101, CUB_200_2011, FGVCAircraft, Flowers102 and StanfordCars with 100 classes and more, perform a comprehensive comparative study and draw implications for the practical application of CNNs. Finally, we show that VGG19 with 140 million weights learns to distinguish airplanes and motorbikes up to 95% accuracy with only 20 samples per class.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Entity Alignment with Reliable Path Reasoning and Relation-Aware Heterogeneous Graph Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08806">arxiv:2205.08806</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Weishan Cai, Wenjun Ma, Jieyu Zhan, Yuncheng Jiang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Entity Alignment (EA) has attracted widespread attention in both academia and industry, which aims to seek entities with same meanings from different Knowledge Graphs (KGs). There are substantial multi-step relation paths between entities in KGs, indicating the semantic relations of entities. However, existing methods rarely consider path information because not all natural paths facilitate for EA judgment. In this paper, we propose a more effective entity alignment framework, RPR-RHGT, which integrates relation and path structure information, as well as the heterogeneous information in KGs. Impressively, an initial reliable path reasoning algorithm is developed to generate the paths favorable for EA task from the relation structures of KGs, which is the first algorithm in the literature to successfully use unrestricted path information. In addition, to efficiently capture heterogeneous features in entity neighborhoods, a relation-aware heterogeneous graph transformer is designed to model the relation and path structures of KGs. Extensive experiments on three well-known datasets show RPR-RHGT significantly outperforms 11 state-of-the-art methods, exceeding the best performing baseline up to 8.62% on Hits@1. We also show its better performance than the baselines on different ratios of training set, and harder datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A False Sense of Security? Revisiting the State of Machine Learning-Based Industrial Intrusion Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09199">arxiv:2205.09199</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Dominik Kus, Eric Wagner, Jan Pennekamp, Konrad Wolsing, Ina Berenice Fink, Markus Dahlmanns, Klaus Wehrle, Martin Henze</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Anomaly-based intrusion detection promises to detect novel or unknown attacks on industrial control systems by modeling expected system behavior and raising corresponding alarms for any deviations.As manually creating these behavioral models is tedious and error-prone, research focuses on machine learning to train them automatically, achieving detection rates upwards of 99%. However, these approaches are typically trained not only on benign traffic but also on attacks and then evaluated against the same type of attack used for training. Hence, their actual, real-world performance on unknown (not trained on) attacks remains unclear. In turn, the reported near-perfect detection rates of machine learning-based intrusion detection might create a false sense of security. To assess this situation and clarify the real potential of machine learning-based industrial intrusion detection, we develop an evaluation methodology and examine multiple approaches from literature for their performance on unknown attacks (excluded from training). Our results highlight an ineffectiveness in detecting unknown attacks, with detection rates dropping to between 3.2% and 14.7% for some types of attacks. Moving forward, we derive recommendations for further research on machine learning-based approaches to ensure clarity on their ability to detect unknown attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pluralistic Image Completion with Probabilistic Mixture-of-Experts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09086">arxiv:2205.09086</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Xiaobo Xia, Wenhao Yang, Jie Ren, Yewen Li, Yibing Zhan, Bo Han, Tongliang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pluralistic image completion focuses on generating both visually realistic and diverse results for image completion. Prior methods enjoy the empirical successes of this task. However, their used constraints for pluralistic image completion are argued to be not well interpretable and unsatisfactory from two aspects. First, the constraints for visual reality can be weakly correlated to the objective of image completion or even redundant. Second, the constraints for diversity are designed to be task-agnostic, which causes the constraints to not work well. In this paper, to address the issues, we propose an end-to-end probabilistic method. Specifically, we introduce a unified probabilistic graph model that represents the complex interactions in image completion. The entire procedure of image completion is then mathematically divided into several sub-procedures, which helps efficient enforcement of constraints. The sub-procedure directly related to pluralistic results is identified, where the interaction is established by a Gaussian mixture model (GMM). The inherent parameters of GMM are task-related, which are optimized adaptively during training, while the number of its primitives can control the diversity of results conveniently. We formally establish the effectiveness of our method and demonstrate it with comprehensive experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Global Contrast Masked Autoencoders Are Powerful Pathological Representation Learners</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09048">arxiv:2205.09048</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hao Quan, Xingyu Li, Weixing Chen, Qun Bai, Mingchen Zou, Ruijie Yang, Tingting Zheng, Ruiqun Qi, Xinghua Gao, Xiaoyu Cui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Based on digital whole slide scanning technique, artificial intelligence algorithms represented by deep learning have achieved remarkable results in the field of computational pathology. Compared with other medical images such as Computed Tomography (CT) or Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), pathological images are more difficult to annotate, thus there is an extreme lack of data sets that can be used for supervised learning. In this study, a self-supervised learning (SSL) model, Global Contrast Masked Autoencoders (GCMAE), is proposed, which has the ability to represent both global and local domain-specific features of whole slide image (WSI), as well as excellent cross-data transfer ability. The Camelyon16 and NCTCRC datasets are used to evaluate the performance of our model. When dealing with transfer learning tasks with different data sets, the experimental results show that GCMAE has better linear classification accuracy than MAE, which can reach 81.10% and 89.22% respectively. Our method outperforms the previous state-of-the-art algorithm and even surpass supervised learning (improved by 3.86% on NCTCRC data sets). The source code of this paper is publicly available at https://github.com/StarUniversus/gcmae

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Maslow's Hammer for Catastrophic Forgetting: Node Re-Use vs Node Activation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09029">arxiv:2205.09029</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Sebastian Lee, Stefano Sarao Mannelli, Claudia Clopath, Sebastian Goldt, Andrew Saxe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Continual learning - learning new tasks in sequence while maintaining performance on old tasks - remains particularly challenging for artificial neural networks. Surprisingly, the amount of forgetting does not increase with the dissimilarity between the learned tasks, but appears to be worst in an intermediate similarity regime.
  In this paper we theoretically analyse both a synthetic teacher-student framework and a real data setup to provide an explanation of this phenomenon that we name Maslow's hammer hypothesis. Our analysis reveals the presence of a trade-off between node activation and node re-use that results in worst forgetting in the intermediate regime. Using this understanding we reinterpret popular algorithmic interventions for catastrophic interference in terms of this trade-off, and identify the regimes in which they are most effective.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Features for CBIR with Scarce Data using Hebbian Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08935">arxiv:2205.08935</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Gabriele Lagani, Davide Bacciu, Claudio Gallicchio, Fabrizio Falchi, Claudio Gennaro, Giuseppe Amato</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Features extracted from Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have proven to be very effective in the context of Content Based Image Retrieval (CBIR). In recent work, biologically inspired \textit{Hebbian} learning algorithms have shown promises for DNN training. In this contribution, we study the performance of such algorithms in the development of feature extractors for CBIR tasks. Specifically, we consider a semi-supervised learning strategy in two steps: first, an unsupervised pre-training stage is performed using Hebbian learning on the image dataset; second, the network is fine-tuned using supervised Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) training. For the unsupervised pre-training stage, we explore the nonlinear Hebbian Principal Component Analysis (HPCA) learning rule. For the supervised fine-tuning stage, we assume sample efficiency scenarios, in which the amount of labeled samples is just a small fraction of the whole dataset. Our experimental analysis, conducted on the CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 datasets shows that, when few labeled samples are available, our Hebbian approach provides relevant improvements compared to various alternative methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Speckle Image Restoration without Clean Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08833">arxiv:2205.08833</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tsung-Ming Tai, Yun-Jie Jhang, Wen-Jyi Hwang, Chau-Jern Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Speckle noise is an inherent disturbance in coherent imaging systems such as digital holography, synthetic aperture radar, optical coherence tomography, or ultrasound systems. These systems usually produce only single observation per view angle of the same interest object, imposing the difficulty to leverage the statistic among observations. We propose a novel image restoration algorithm that can perform speckle noise removal without clean data and does not require multiple noisy observations in the same view angle. Our proposed method can also be applied to the situation without knowing the noise distribution as prior. We demonstrate our method is especially well-suited for spectral images by first validating on the synthetic dataset, and also applied on real-world digital holography samples. The results are superior in both quantitative measurement and visual inspection compared to several widely applied baselines. Our method even shows promising results across different speckle noise strengths, without the clean data needed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph Adaptive Semantic Transfer for Cross-domain Sentiment Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08772">arxiv:2205.08772</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Kai Zhang, Qi Liu, Zhenya Huang, Mingyue Cheng, Kun Zhang, Mengdi Zhang, Wei Wu, Enhong Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cross-domain sentiment classification (CDSC) aims to use the transferable semantics learned from the source domain to predict the sentiment of reviews in the unlabeled target domain. Existing studies in this task attach more attention to the sequence modeling of sentences while largely ignoring the rich domain-invariant semantics embedded in graph structures (i.e., the part-of-speech tags and dependency relations). As an important aspect of exploring characteristics of language comprehension, adaptive graph representations have played an essential role in recent years. To this end, in the paper, we aim to explore the possibility of learning invariant semantic features from graph-like structures in CDSC. Specifically, we present Graph Adaptive Semantic Transfer (GAST) model, an adaptive syntactic graph embedding method that is able to learn domain-invariant semantics from both word sequences and syntactic graphs. More specifically, we first raise a POS-Transformer module to extract sequential semantic features from the word sequences as well as the part-of-speech tags. Then, we design a Hybrid Graph Attention (HGAT) module to generate syntax-based semantic features by considering the transferable dependency relations. Finally, we devise an Integrated aDaptive Strategy (IDS) to guide the joint learning process of both modules. Extensive experiments on four public datasets indicate that GAST achieves comparable effectiveness to a range of state-of-the-art models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Passive Defense Against 3D Adversarial Point Clouds Through the Lens of 3D Steganalysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08738">arxiv:2205.08738</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jiahao Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nowadays, 3D data plays an indelible role in the computer vision field. However, extensive studies have proved that deep neural networks (DNNs) fed with 3D data, such as point clouds, are susceptible to adversarial examples, which aim to misguide DNNs and might bring immeasurable losses. Currently, 3D adversarial point clouds are chiefly generated in three fashions, i.e., point shifting, point adding, and point dropping. These point manipulations would modify geometrical properties and local correlations of benign point clouds more or less. Motivated by this basic fact, we propose to defend such adversarial examples with the aid of 3D steganalysis techniques. Specifically, we first introduce an adversarial attack and defense model adapted from the celebrated Prisoners' Problem in steganography to help us comprehend 3D adversarial attack and defense more generally. Then we rethink two significant but vague concepts in the field of adversarial example, namely, active defense and passive defense, from the perspective of steganalysis. Most importantly, we design a 3D adversarial point cloud detector through the lens of 3D steganalysis. Our detector is double-blind, that is to say, it does not rely on the exact knowledge of the adversarial attack means and victim models. To enable the detector to effectively detect malicious point clouds, we craft a 64-D discriminant feature set, including features related to first-order and second-order local descriptions of point clouds. To our knowledge, this work is the first to apply 3D steganalysis to 3D adversarial example defense. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed 3D adversarial point cloud detector can achieve good detection performance on multiple types of 3D adversarial point clouds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep-learned orthogonal basis patterns for fast, noise-robust single-pixel imaging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08736">arxiv:2205.08736</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ritz Ann Aguilar, Damian Dailisan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Single-pixel imaging (SPI) is a novel, unconventional method that goes beyond the notion of traditional cameras but can be computationally expensive and slow for real-time applications. Deep learning has been proposed as an alternative approach for solving the SPI reconstruction problem, but a detailed analysis of its performance and generated basis patterns when used for SPI is limited. We present a modified deep convolutional autoencoder network (DCAN) for SPI on 64x64 pixel images with up to 6.25% compression ratio and apply binary and orthogonality regularizers during training. Training a DCAN with these regularizers allows it to learn multiple measurement bases that have combinations of binary or non-binary, and orthogonal or non-orthogonal patterns. We compare the reconstruction quality, orthogonality of the patterns, and robustness to noise of the resulting DCAN models to traditional SPI reconstruction algorithms (such as Total Variation minimization and Fourier Transform). Our DCAN models can be trained to be robust to noise while still having fast enough reconstruction times (~3 ms per frame) to be viable for real-time imaging.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TTAPS: Test-Time Adaption by Aligning Prototypes using Self-Supervision</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08731">arxiv:2205.08731</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Alexander Bartler, Florian Bender, Felix Wiewel, Bin Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nowadays, deep neural networks outperform humans in many tasks. However, if the input distribution drifts away from the one used in training, their performance drops significantly. Recently published research has shown that adapting the model parameters to the test sample can mitigate this performance degradation. In this paper, we therefore propose a novel modification of the self-supervised training algorithm SwAV that adds the ability to adapt to single test samples. Using the provided prototypes of SwAV and our derived test-time loss, we align the representation of unseen test samples with the self-supervised learned prototypes. We show the success of our method on the common benchmark dataset CIFAR10-C.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Learning: Applications, Challenges and Future Scopes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09513">arxiv:2205.09513</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Subrato Bharati, M. Rubaiyat Hossain Mondal, Prajoy Podder, V. B. Surya Prasath</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning (FL) is a system in which a central aggregator coordinates the efforts of multiple clients to solve machine learning problems. This setting allows training data to be dispersed in order to protect privacy. The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of FL systems with a focus on healthcare. FL is evaluated here based on its frameworks, architectures, and applications. It is shown here that FL solves the preceding issues with a shared global deep learning (DL) model via a central aggregator server. This paper examines recent developments and provides a comprehensive list of unresolved issues, inspired by the rapid growth of FL research. In the context of FL, several privacy methods are described, including secure multiparty computation, homomorphic encryption, differential privacy, and stochastic gradient descent. Furthermore, a review of various FL classes, such as horizontal and vertical FL and federated transfer learning, is provided. FL has applications in wireless communication, service recommendation, intelligent medical diagnosis systems, and healthcare, all of which are discussed in this paper. We also present a thorough review of existing FL challenges, such as privacy protection, communication cost, system heterogeneity, and unreliable model upload, followed by future research directions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural ODE Control for Trajectory Approximation of Continuity Equation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09241">arxiv:2205.09241</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Karthik Elamvazhuthi, Bahman Gharesifard, Andrea Bertozzi, Stanley Osher</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the controllability problem for the continuity equation, corresponding to neural ordinary differential equations (ODEs), which describes how a probability measure is pushedforward by the flow. We show that the controlled continuity equation has very strong controllability properties. Particularly, a given solution of the continuity equation corresponding to a bounded Lipschitz vector field defines a trajectory on the set of probability measures. For this trajectory, we show that there exist piecewise constant training weights for a neural ODE such that the solution of the continuity equation corresponding to the neural ODE is arbitrarily close to it. As a corollary to this result, we establish that the continuity equation of the neural ODE is approximately controllable on the set of compactly supported probability measures that are absolutely continuous with respect to the Lebesgue measure.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PromptDA: Label-guided Data Augmentation for Prompt-based Few Shot Learners</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09229">arxiv:2205.09229</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Canyu Chen, Kai Shu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances on large pre-trained language models (PLMs) lead impressive gains on natural language understanding (NLU) tasks with task-specific fine-tuning. However, direct fine-tuning PLMs heavily relies on large amount of labeled instances, which are expensive and time-consuming to obtain. Prompt-based tuning on PLMs has proven valuable for few shot tasks. Existing works studying prompt-based tuning for few-shot NLU mainly focus on deriving proper label words with a verbalizer or generating prompt templates for eliciting semantics from PLMs. In addition, conventional data augmentation methods have also been verified useful for few-shot tasks. However, there currently are few data augmentation methods designed for the prompt-based tuning paradigm. Therefore, we study a new problem of data augmentation for prompt-based few shot learners. Since label semantics are helpful in prompt-based tuning, we propose a novel label-guided data augmentation method PromptDA which exploits the enriched label semantic information for data augmentation. Experimental results on several few shot text classification tasks show that our proposed framework achieves superior performance by effectively leveraging label semantics and data augmentation in language understanding.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Backdoor Attacks on Bayesian Neural Networks using Reverse Distribution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09167">arxiv:2205.09167</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhixin Pan, Prabhat Mishra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Due to cost and time-to-market constraints, many industries outsource the training process of machine learning models (ML) to third-party cloud service providers, popularly known as ML-asa-Service (MLaaS). MLaaS creates opportunity for an adversary to provide users with backdoored ML models to produce incorrect predictions only in extremely rare (attacker-chosen) scenarios. Bayesian neural networks (BNN) are inherently immune against backdoor attacks since the weights are designed to be marginal distributions to quantify the uncertainty. In this paper, we propose a novel backdoor attack based on effective learning and targeted utilization of reverse distribution. This paper makes three important contributions. (1) To the best of our knowledge, this is the first backdoor attack that can effectively break the robustness of BNNs. (2) We produce reverse distributions to cancel the original distributions when the trigger is activated. (3) We propose an efficient solution for merging probability distributions in BNNs. Experimental results on diverse benchmark datasets demonstrate that our proposed attack can achieve the attack success rate (ASR) of 100%, while the ASR of the state-of-the-art attacks is lower than 60%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Invariant Matching Property for Distribution Generalization under Intervened Response</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09162">arxiv:2205.09162</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kang Du, Yu Xiang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The task of distribution generalization concerns making reliable prediction of a response in unseen environments. The structural causal models are shown to be useful to model distribution changes through intervention. Motivated by the fundamental invariance principle, it is often assumed that the conditional distribution of the response given its predictors remains the same across environments. However, this assumption might be violated in practical settings when the response is intervened. In this work, we investigate a class of model with an intervened response. We identify a novel form of invariance by incorporating the estimates of certain features as additional predictors. Effectively, we show this invariance is equivalent to having a deterministic linear matching that makes the generalization possible. We provide an explicit characterization of the linear matching and present our simulation results under various intervention settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Single-Shot Optical Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09103">arxiv:2205.09103</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Liane Bernstein, Alexander Sludds, Christopher Panuski, Sivan Trajtenberg-Mills, Ryan Hamerly, Dirk Englund</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As deep neural networks (DNNs) grow to solve increasingly complex problems, they are becoming limited by the latency and power consumption of existing digital processors. 'Weight-stationary' analog optical and electronic hardware has been proposed to reduce the compute resources required by DNNs by eliminating expensive weight updates; however, with scalability limited to an input vector length $K$ of hundreds of elements. Here, we present a scalable, single-shot-per-layer weight-stationary optical processor that leverages the advantages of free-space optics for passive optical copying and large-scale distribution of an input vector and integrated optoelectronics for static, reconfigurable weighting and the nonlinearity. We propose an optimized near-term CMOS-compatible system with $K = 1,000$ and beyond, and we calculate its theoretical total latency ($\sim$10 ns), energy consumption ($\sim$10 fJ/MAC) and throughput ($\sim$petaMAC/s) per layer. We also experimentally test DNN classification accuracy with single-shot analog optical encoding, copying and weighting of the MNIST handwritten digit dataset in a proof-of-concept system, achieving 94.7% (similar to the ground truth accuracy of 96.3%) without retraining on the hardware or data preprocessing. Lastly, we determine the upper bound on throughput of our system ($\sim$0.9 exaMAC/s), set by the maximum optical bandwidth before significant loss of accuracy. This joint use of wide spectral and spatial bandwidths enables highly efficient computing for next-generation DNNs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Confidential Machine Learning within Graphcore IPUs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09005">arxiv:2205.09005</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kapil Vaswani, Stavros Volos, Cédric Fournet, Antonio Nino Diaz, Ken Gordon, Balaji Vembu, Sam Webster, David Chisnall, Saurabh Kulkarni, Graham Cunningham, Richard Osborne, Dan Wilkinson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present IPU Trusted Extensions (ITX), a set of experimental hardware extensions that enable trusted execution environments in Graphcore's AI accelerators.
  ITX enables the execution of AI workloads with strong confidentiality and integrity guarantees at low performance overheads. ITX isolates workloads from untrusted hosts, and ensures their data and models remain encrypted at all times except within the IPU. ITX includes a hardware root-of-trust that provides attestation capabilities and orchestrates trusted execution, and on-chip programmable cryptographic engines for authenticated encryption of code and data at PCIe bandwidth. We also present software for ITX in the form of compiler and runtime extensions that support multi-party training without requiring a CPU-based TEE.
  Experimental support for ITX is included in Graphcore's GC200 IPU taped out at TSMC's 7nm technology node. Its evaluation on a development board using standard DNN training workloads suggests that ITX adds less than 5% performance overhead, and delivers up to 17x better performance compared to CPU-based confidential computing systems relying on AMD SEV-SNP.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SoK: The Impact of Unlabelled Data in Cyberthreat Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08944">arxiv:2205.08944</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Giovanni Apruzzese, Pavel Laskov, Aliya Tastemirova</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning (ML) has become an important paradigm for cyberthreat detection (CTD) in the recent years. A substantial research effort has been invested in the development of specialized algorithms for CTD tasks. From the operational perspective, however, the progress of ML-based CTD is hindered by the difficulty in obtaining the large sets of labelled data to train ML detectors. A potential solution to this problem are semisupervised learning (SsL) methods, which combine small labelled datasets with large amounts of unlabelled data.
  This paper is aimed at systematization of existing work on SsL for CTD and, in particular, on understanding the utility of unlabelled data in such systems. To this end, we analyze the cost of labelling in various CTD tasks and develop a formal cost model for SsL in this context. Building on this foundation, we formalize a set of requirements for evaluation of SsL methods, which elucidates the contribution of unlabelled data. We review the state-of-the-art and observe that no previous work meets such requirements. To address this problem, we propose a framework for assessing the benefits of unlabelled data in SsL. We showcase an application of this framework by performing the first benchmark evaluation that highlights the tradeoffs of 9 existing SsL methods on 9 public datasets. Our findings verify that, in some cases, unlabelled data provides a small, but statistically significant, performance gain. This paper highlights that SsL in CTD has a lot of room for improvement, which should stimulate future research in this field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COVID-Net UV: An End-to-End Spatio-Temporal Deep Neural Network Architecture for Automated Diagnosis of COVID-19 Infection from Ultrasound Videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08932">arxiv:2205.08932</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hilda Azimi, Ashkan Ebadi, Jessy Song, Pengcheng Xi, Alexander Wong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Besides vaccination, as an effective way to mitigate the further spread of COVID-19, fast and accurate screening of individuals to test for the disease is yet necessary to ensure public health safety. We propose COVID-Net UV, an end-to-end hybrid spatio-temporal deep neural network architecture, to detect COVID-19 infection from lung point-of-care ultrasound videos captured by convex transducers. COVID-Net UV comprises a convolutional neural network that extracts spatial features and a recurrent neural network that learns temporal dependence. After careful hyperparameter tuning, the network achieves an average accuracy of 94.44% with no false-negative cases for COVID-19 cases. The goal with COVID-Net UV is to assist front-line clinicians in the fight against COVID-19 via accelerating the screening of lung point-of-care ultrasound videos and automatic detection of COVID-19 positive cases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Kernelized Taylor Diagram</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08864">arxiv:2205.08864</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kristoffer Wickstrøm, J. Emmanuel Johnson, Sigurd Løkse, Gustau Camps-Valls, Karl Øyvind Mikalsen, Michael Kampffmeyer, Robert Jenssen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents the kernelized Taylor diagram, a graphical framework for visualizing similarities between data populations. The kernelized Taylor diagram builds on the widely used Taylor diagram, which is used to visualize similarities between populations. However, the Taylor diagram has several limitations such as not capturing non-linear relationships and sensitivity to outliers. To address such limitations, we propose the kernelized Taylor diagram. Our proposed kernelized Taylor diagram is capable of visualizing similarities between populations with minimal assumptions of the data distributions. The kernelized Taylor diagram relates the maximum mean discrepancy and the kernel mean embedding in a single diagram, a construction that, to the best of our knowledge, have not been devised prior to this work. We believe that the kernelized Taylor diagram can be a valuable tool in data visualization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Property Unlearning: A Defense Strategy Against Property Inference Attacks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08821">arxiv:2205.08821</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Joshua Stock, Jens Wettlaufer, Daniel Demmler, Hannes Federrath</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** During the training of machine learning models, they may store or "learn" more information about the training data than what is actually needed for the prediction or classification task. This is exploited by property inference attacks which aim at extracting statistical properties from the training data of a given model without having access to the training data itself. These properties may include the quality of pictures to identify the camera model, the age distribution to reveal the target audience of a product, or the included host types to refine a malware attack in computer networks. This attack is especially accurate when the attacker has access to all model parameters, i.e., in a white-box scenario. By defending against such attacks, model owners are able to ensure that their training data, associated properties, and thus their intellectual property stays private, even if they deliberately share their models, e.g., to train collaboratively, or if models are leaked. In this paper, we introduce property unlearning, an effective defense mechanism against white-box property inference attacks, independent of the training data type, model task, or number of properties. Property unlearning mitigates property inference attacks by systematically changing the trained weights and biases of a target model such that an adversary cannot extract chosen properties. We empirically evaluate property unlearning on three different data sets, including tabular and image data, and two types of artificial neural networks. Our results show that property unlearning is both efficient and reliable to protect machine learning models against property inference attacks, with a good privacy-utility trade-off. Furthermore, our approach indicates that this mechanism is also effective to unlearn multiple properties.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A reproducible experimental survey on biomedical sentence similarity: a string-based method sets the state of the art</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08740">arxiv:2205.08740</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Alicia Lara-Clares, Juan J. Lastra-Díaz, Ana Garcia-Serrano</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This registered report introduces the largest, and for the first time, reproducible experimental survey on biomedical sentence similarity with the following aims: (1) to elucidate the state of the art of the problem; (2) to solve some reproducibility problems preventing the evaluation of most of current methods; (3) to evaluate several unexplored sentence similarity methods; (4) to evaluate an unexplored benchmark, called Corpus-Transcriptional-Regulation; (5) to carry out a study on the impact of the pre-processing stages and Named Entity Recognition (NER) tools on the performance of the sentence similarity methods; and finally, (6) to bridge the lack of reproducibility resources for methods and experiments in this line of research. Our experimental survey is based on a single software platform that is provided with a detailed reproducibility protocol and dataset as supplementary material to allow the exact replication of all our experiments. In addition, we introduce a new aggregated string-based sentence similarity method, called LiBlock, together with eight variants of current ontology-based methods and a new pre-trained word embedding model trained on the full-text articles in the PMC-BioC corpus. Our experiments show that our novel string-based measure sets the new state of the art on the sentence similarity task in the biomedical domain and significantly outperforms all the methods evaluated herein, except one ontology-based method. Likewise, our experiments confirm that the pre-processing stages, and the choice of the NER tool, have a significant impact on the performance of the sentence similarity methods. We also detail some drawbacks and limitations of current methods, and warn on the need of refining the current benchmarks. Finally, a noticeable finding is that our new string-based method significantly outperforms all state-of-the-art Machine Learning models evaluated herein.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Mixed Dimension Embeddings for Matrix Factorization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.11248">arxiv:2205.11248</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dmitrii Beloborodov, Andrei Zimovnov, Petr Molodyk, Dmitrii Kirillov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the prominence of neural network approaches in the field of recommender systems, simple methods such as matrix factorization with quadratic loss are still used in industry for several reasons. These models can be trained with alternating least squares, which makes them easy to implement in a massively parallel manner, thus making it possible to utilize billions of events from real-world datasets. Large-scale recommender systems need to account for severe popularity skew in the distributions of users and items, so a lot of research is focused on implementing sparse, mixed dimension or shared embeddings to reduce both the number of parameters and overfitting on rare users and items. In this paper we propose two matrix factorization models with mixed dimension embeddings, which can be optimized in a massively parallel fashion using the alternating least squares approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>[Re] Distilling Knowledge via Knowledge Review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.11246">arxiv:2205.11246</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Apoorva Verma, Pranjal Gulati, Sarthak Gupta</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This effort aims to reproduce the results of experiments and analyze the robustness of the review framework for knowledge distillation introduced in the CVPR '21 paper 'Distilling Knowledge via Knowledge Review' by Chen et al. Previous works in knowledge distillation only studied connections paths between the same levels of the student and the teacher, and cross-level connection paths had not been considered. Chen et al. propose a new residual learning framework to train a single student layer using multiple teacher layers. They also design a novel fusion module to condense feature maps across levels and a loss function to compare feature information stored across different levels to improve performance. In this work, we consistently verify the improvements in test accuracy across student models as reported in the original paper and study the effectiveness of the novel modules introduced by conducting ablation studies and new experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spatial Transcriptomics Dimensionality Reduction using Wavelet Bases</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.11243">arxiv:2205.11243</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhuoyan Xu, Kris Sankaran</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spatially resolved transcriptomics (ST) measures gene expression along with the spatial coordinates of the measurements. The analysis of ST data involves significant computation complexity. In this work, we propose gene expression dimensionality reduction algorithm that retains spatial structure. We combine the wavelet transformation with matrix factorization to select spatially-varying genes. We extract a low-dimensional representation of these genes. We consider Empirical Bayes setting, imposing regularization through the prior distribution of factor genes. Additionally, We provide visualization of extracted representation genes capturing the global spatial pattern. We illustrate the performance of our methods by spatial structure recovery and gene expression reconstruction in simulation. In real data experiments, our method identifies spatial structure of gene factors and outperforms regular decomposition regarding reconstruction error. We found the connection between the fluctuation of gene patterns and wavelet technique, providing smoother visualization. We develop the package and share the workflow generating reproducible quantitative results and gene visualization. The package is available at https://github.com/OliverXUZY/waveST.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EXPANSE: A Deep Continual / Progressive Learning System for Deep Transfer Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.10356">arxiv:2205.10356</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mohammadreza Iman, John A. Miller, Khaled Rasheed, Robert M. Branchinst, Hamid R. Arabnia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep transfer learning techniques try to tackle the limitations of deep learning, the dependency on extensive training data and the training costs, by reusing obtained knowledge. However, the current DTL techniques suffer from either catastrophic forgetting dilemma (losing the previously obtained knowledge) or overly biased pre-trained models (harder to adapt to target data) in finetuning pre-trained models or freezing a part of the pre-trained model, respectively. Progressive learning, a sub-category of DTL, reduces the effect of the overly biased model in the case of freezing earlier layers by adding a new layer to the end of a frozen pre-trained model. Even though it has been successful in many cases, it cannot yet handle distant source and target data. We propose a new continual/progressive learning approach for deep transfer learning to tackle these limitations. To avoid both catastrophic forgetting and overly biased-model problems, we expand the pre-trained model by expanding pre-trained layers (adding new nodes to each layer) in the model instead of only adding new layers. Hence the method is named EXPANSE. Our experimental results confirm that we can tackle distant source and target data using this technique. At the same time, the final model is still valid on the source data, achieving a promising deep continual learning approach. Moreover, we offer a new way of training deep learning models inspired by the human education system. We termed this two-step training: learning basics first, then adding complexities and uncertainties. The evaluation implies that the two-step training extracts more meaningful features and a finer basin on the error surface since it can achieve better accuracy in comparison to regular training. EXPANSE (model expansion and two-step training) is a systematic continual learning approach applicable to different problems and DL models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Sub-pixel Accurate Quantification of Joint Space Narrowing Progression in Rheumatoid Arthritis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09315">arxiv:2205.09315</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yafei Ou, Prasoon Ambalathankandy, Ryunosuke Furuya, Seiya Kawada, Tianyu Zeng, Yujie An, Tamotsu Kamishima, Kenichi Tamura, Masayuki Ikebe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic autoimmune disease that primarily affects peripheral synovial joints, like fingers, wrist and feet. Radiology plays a critical role in the diagnosis and monitoring of RA. Limited by the current spatial resolution of radiographic imaging, joint space narrowing (JSN) progression of RA with the same reason above can be less than one pixel per year with universal spatial resolution. Insensitive monitoring of JSN can hinder the radiologist/rheumatologist from making a proper and timely clinical judgment. In this paper, we propose a novel and sensitive method that we call partial image phase-only correlation which aims to automatically quantify JSN progression in the early stages of RA. The majority of the current literature utilizes the mean error, root-mean-square deviation and standard deviation to report the accuracy at pixel level. Our work measures JSN progression between a baseline and its follow-up finger joint images by using the phase spectrum in the frequency domain. Using this study, the mean error can be reduced to 0.0130mm when applied to phantom radiographs with ground truth, and 0.0519mm standard deviation for clinical radiography. With its sub-pixel accuracy far beyond manual measurement, we are optimistic that our work is promising for automatically quantifying JSN progression.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FedILC: Weighted Geometric Mean and Invariant Gradient Covariance for Federated Learning on Non-IID Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09305">arxiv:2205.09305</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mike He Zhu, Léna Néhale Ezzine, Dianbo Liu, Yoshua Bengio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning is a distributed machine learning approach which enables a shared server model to learn by aggregating the locally-computed parameter updates with the training data from spatially-distributed client silos. Though successfully possessing advantages in both scale and privacy, federated learning is hurt by domain shift problems, where the learning models are unable to generalize to unseen domains whose data distribution is non-i.i.d. with respect to the training domains. In this study, we propose the Federated Invariant Learning Consistency (FedILC) approach, which leverages the gradient covariance and the geometric mean of Hessians to capture both inter-silo and intra-silo consistencies of environments and unravel the domain shift problems in federated networks. The benchmark and real-world dataset experiments bring evidence that our proposed algorithm outperforms conventional baselines and similar federated learning algorithms. This is relevant to various fields such as medical healthcare, computer vision, and the Internet of Things (IoT). The code is released at https://github.com/mikemikezhu/FedILC.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transformer-based Program Synthesis for Low-Data Environments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09246">arxiv:2205.09246</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jack Roper</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advancements in large pre-trained transformer models (GPT2/3, T5) have found use in program synthesis to generate programs that satisfy a set of input/output examples. However, these models perform poorly on long-horizon and low-data tasks, and often don't seem to understand the semantics of the languages they generate. We investigate an approach that tackles both of these issues, by using attributed context-free-grammars of programming languages to generate programs, and then analyzing generated programs so that they can be annotated with compile and runtime attributes, such as types, so that information about the program can be remembered during long-horizon generation. We firstly find that synthesized datasets can be made efficiently and can provide transformer models with enough data in order to perform well on some synthesis tasks. We also find that giving models access to program attributes is especially effective in low-data environments, and tends improve the quality and reduce errors of transformer-generated programs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Relational representation learning with spike trains</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09140">arxiv:2205.09140</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dominik Dold</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Relational representation learning has lately received an increase in interest due to its flexibility in modeling a variety of systems like interacting particles, materials and industrial projects for, e.g., the design of spacecraft. A prominent method for dealing with relational data are knowledge graph embedding algorithms, where entities and relations of a knowledge graph are mapped to a low-dimensional vector space while preserving its semantic structure. Recently, a graph embedding method has been proposed that maps graph elements to the temporal domain of spiking neural networks. However, it relies on encoding graph elements through populations of neurons that only spike once. Here, we present a model that allows us to learn spike train-based embeddings of knowledge graphs, requiring only one neuron per graph element by fully utilizing the temporal domain of spike patterns. This coding scheme can be implemented with arbitrary spiking neuron models as long as gradients with respect to spike times can be calculated, which we demonstrate for the integrate-and-fire neuron model. In general, the presented results show how relational knowledge can be integrated into spike-based systems, opening up the possibility of merging event-based computing and relational data to build powerful and energy efficient artificial intelligence applications and reasoning systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Effective Number of Linear Regions in Shallow Univariate ReLU Networks: Convergence Guarantees and Implicit Bias</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09072">arxiv:2205.09072</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Itay Safran, Gal Vardi, Jason D. Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the dynamics and implicit bias of gradient flow (GF) on univariate ReLU neural networks with a single hidden layer in a binary classification setting. We show that when the labels are determined by the sign of a target network with $r$ neurons, with high probability over the initialization of the network and the sampling of the dataset, GF converges in direction (suitably defined) to a network achieving perfect training accuracy and having at most $\mathcal{O}(r)$ linear regions, implying a generalization bound. Our result may already hold for mild over-parameterization, where the width is $\tilde{\mathcal{O}}(r)$ and independent of the sample size.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exact Gaussian Processes for Massive Datasets via Non-Stationary Sparsity-Discovering Kernels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09070">arxiv:2205.09070</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Marcus M. Noack, Harinarayan Krishnan, Mark D. Risser, Kristofer G. Reyes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A Gaussian Process (GP) is a prominent mathematical framework for stochastic function approximation in science and engineering applications. This success is largely attributed to the GP's analytical tractability, robustness, non-parametric structure, and natural inclusion of uncertainty quantification. Unfortunately, the use of exact GPs is prohibitively expensive for large datasets due to their unfavorable numerical complexity of $O(N^3)$ in computation and $O(N^2)$ in storage. All existing methods addressing this issue utilize some form of approximation -- usually considering subsets of the full dataset or finding representative pseudo-points that render the covariance matrix well-structured and sparse. These approximate methods can lead to inaccuracies in function approximations and often limit the user's flexibility in designing expressive kernels. Instead of inducing sparsity via data-point geometry and structure, we propose to take advantage of naturally-occurring sparsity by allowing the kernel to discover -- instead of induce -- sparse structure. The premise of this paper is that GPs, in their most native form, are often naturally sparse, but commonly-used kernels do not allow us to exploit this sparsity. The core concept of exact, and at the same time sparse GPs relies on kernel definitions that provide enough flexibility to learn and encode not only non-zero but also zero covariances. This principle of ultra-flexible, compactly-supported, and non-stationary kernels, combined with HPC and constrained optimization, lets us scale exact GPs well beyond 5 million data points.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring the Advantages of Dense-Vector to One-Hot Encoding of Intent Classes in Out-of-Scope Detection Tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09021">arxiv:2205.09021</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Claudio Pinhanez, Paulo Cavalin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work explores the intrinsic limitations of the popular one-hot encoding method in classification of intents when detection of out-of-scope (OOS) inputs is required. Although recent work has shown that there can be significant improvements in OOS detection when the intent classes are represented as dense-vectors based on domain specific knowledge, we argue in this paper that such gains are more likely due to advantages of dense-vector to one-hot encoding methods in representing the complexity of the OOS space. We start by showing how dense-vector encodings can create OOS spaces with much richer topologies than one-hot encoding methods. We then demonstrate empirically, using four standard intent classification datasets, that knowledge-free, randomly generated dense-vector encodings of intent classes can yield massive, over 20% gains over one-hot encodings, and also outperform the previous, domain knowledge-based, SOTA of one of the datasets. We finish by describing a novel algorithm to search for good dense-vector encodings and present initial but promising experimental results of its use.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Imagining new futures beyond predictive systems in child welfare: A qualitative study with impacted stakeholders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08928">arxiv:2205.08928</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Logan Stapleton, Min Hun Lee, Diana Qing, Marya Wright, Alexandra Chouldechova, Kenneth Holstein, Zhiwei Steven Wu, Haiyi Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Child welfare agencies across the United States are turning to data-driven predictive technologies (commonly called predictive analytics) which use government administrative data to assist workers' decision-making. While some prior work has explored impacted stakeholders' concerns with current uses of data-driven predictive risk models (PRMs), less work has asked stakeholders whether such tools ought to be used in the first place. In this work, we conducted a set of seven design workshops with 35 stakeholders who have been impacted by the child welfare system or who work in it to understand their beliefs and concerns around PRMs, and to engage them in imagining new uses of data and technologies in the child welfare system. We found that participants worried current PRMs perpetuate or exacerbate existing problems in child welfare. Participants suggested new ways to use data and data-driven tools to better support impacted communities and suggested paths to mitigate possible harms of these tools. Participants also suggested low-tech or no-tech alternatives to PRMs to address problems in child welfare. Our study sheds light on how researchers and designers can work in solidarity with impacted communities, possibly to circumvent or oppose child welfare agencies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FiLM: Frequency improved Legendre Memory Model for Long-term Time Series Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08897">arxiv:2205.08897</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tian Zhou, Ziqing Ma, Xue wang, Qingsong Wen, Liang Sun, Tao Yao, Rong Jin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies have shown that deep learning models such as RNNs and Transformers have brought significant performance gains for long-term forecasting of time series because they effectively utilize historical information. We found, however, that there is still great room for improvement in how to preserve historical information in neural networks while avoiding overfitting to noise presented in the history. Addressing this allows better utilization of the capabilities of deep learning models. To this end, we design a \textbf{F}requency \textbf{i}mproved \textbf{L}egendre \textbf{M}emory model, or {\bf FiLM}: it applies Legendre Polynomials projections to approximate historical information, uses Fourier projection to remove noise, and adds a low-rank approximation to speed up computation. Our empirical studies show that the proposed FiLM significantly improves the accuracy of state-of-the-art models in multivariate and univariate long-term forecasting by (\textbf{20.3\%}, \textbf{22.6\%}), respectively. We also demonstrate that the representation module developed in this work can be used as a general plug-in to improve the long-term prediction performance of other deep learning modules. Code will be released soon.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bridging the gap between QP-based and MPC-based RL</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08856">arxiv:2205.08856</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shambhuraj Sawant, Sebastien Gros</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning methods typically use Deep Neural Networks to approximate the value functions and policies underlying a Markov Decision Process. Unfortunately, DNN-based RL suffers from a lack of explainability of the resulting policy. In this paper, we instead approximate the policy and value functions using an optimization problem, taking the form of Quadratic Programs (QPs). We propose simple tools to promote structures in the QP, pushing it to resemble a linear MPC scheme. A generic unstructured QP offers high flexibility for learning, while a QP having the structure of an MPC scheme promotes the explainability of the resulting policy, additionally provides ways for its analysis. The tools we propose allow for continuously adjusting the trade-off between the former and the latter during learning. We illustrate the workings of our proposed method with the resulting structure using a point-mass task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GPoeT-2: A GPT-2 Based Poem Generator</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08847">arxiv:2205.08847</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kai-Ling Lo, Rami Ariss, Philipp Kurz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This project aims to produce the next volume of machine-generated poetry, a complex art form that can be structured and unstructured, and carries depth in the meaning between the lines. GPoeT-2 is based on fine-tuning a state of the art natural language model (i.e. GPT-2) to generate limericks, typically humorous structured poems consisting of five lines with a AABBA rhyming scheme. With a two-stage generation system utilizing both forward and reverse language modeling, GPoeT-2 is capable of freely generating limericks in diverse topics while following the rhyming structure without any seed phrase or a posteriori constraints.Based on the automated generation process, we explore a wide variety of evaluation metrics to quantify "good poetry," including syntactical correctness, lexical diversity, and subject continuity. Finally, we present a collection of 94 categorized limericks that rank highly on the explored "good poetry" metrics to provoke human creativity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fair and Green Hyperparameter Optimization via Multi-objective and Multiple Information Source Bayesian Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08835">arxiv:2205.08835</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Antonio Candelieri, Andrea Ponti, Francesco Archetti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is a consensus that focusing only on accuracy in searching for optimal machine learning models amplifies biases contained in the data, leading to unfair predictions and decision supports. Recently, multi-objective hyperparameter optimization has been proposed to search for machine learning models which offer equally Pareto-efficient trade-offs between accuracy and fairness. Although these approaches proved to be more versatile than fairness-aware machine learning algorithms -- which optimize accuracy constrained to some threshold on fairness -- they could drastically increase the energy consumption in the case of large datasets. In this paper we propose FanG-HPO, a Fair and Green Hyperparameter Optimization (HPO) approach based on both multi-objective and multiple information source Bayesian optimization. FanG-HPO uses subsets of the large dataset (aka information sources) to obtain cheap approximations of both accuracy and fairness, and multi-objective Bayesian Optimization to efficiently identify Pareto-efficient machine learning models. Experiments consider two benchmark (fairness) datasets and two machine learning algorithms (XGBoost and Multi-Layer Perceptron), and provide an assessment of FanG-HPO against both fairness-aware machine learning algorithms and hyperparameter optimization via a multi-objective single-source optimization algorithm in BoTorch, a state-of-the-art platform for Bayesian Optimization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evaluation of Transfer Learning for Polish with a Text-to-Text Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08808">arxiv:2205.08808</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Aleksandra Chrabrowa, Łukasz Dragan, Karol Grzegorczyk, Dariusz Kajtoch, Mikołaj Koszowski, Robert Mroczkowski, Piotr Rybak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a new benchmark for assessing the quality of text-to-text models for Polish. The benchmark consists of diverse tasks and datasets: KLEJ benchmark adapted for text-to-text, en-pl translation, summarization, and question answering. In particular, since summarization and question answering lack benchmark datasets for the Polish language, we describe their construction and make them publicly available. Additionally, we present plT5 - a general-purpose text-to-text model for Polish that can be fine-tuned on various Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks with a single training objective. Unsupervised denoising pre-training is performed efficiently by initializing the model weights with a multi-lingual T5 (mT5) counterpart. We evaluate the performance of plT5, mT5, Polish BART (plBART), and Polish GPT-2 (papuGaPT2). The plT5 scores top on all of these tasks except summarization, where plBART is best. In general (except for summarization), the larger the model, the better the results. The encoder-decoder architectures prove to be better than the decoder-only equivalent.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Reinforcement Learning Based on Location-Aware Imitation Environment for RIS-Aided mmWave MIMO Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08788">arxiv:2205.08788</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wangyang Xu, Jiancheng An, Chongwen Huang, Lu Gan, Chau Yuen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) has recently gained popularity as a promising solution for improving the signal transmission quality of wireless communications with less hardware cost and energy consumption. This letter offers a novel deep reinforcement learning (DRL) algorithm based on a location-aware imitation environment for the joint beamforming design in an RIS-aided mmWave multiple-input multiple-output system. Specifically, we design a neural network to imitate the transmission environment based on the geometric relationship between the user's location and the mmWave channel. Following this, a novel DRL-based method is developed that interacts with the imitation environment using the easily available location information. Finally, simulation results demonstrate that the proposed DRL-based algorithm provides more robust performance without excessive interaction overhead compared to the existing DRL-based approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Marginal and Joint Cross-Entropies & Predictives for Online Bayesian Inference, Active Learning, and Active Sampling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08766">arxiv:2205.08766</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Andreas Kirsch, Jannik Kossen, Yarin Gal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Principled Bayesian deep learning (BDL) does not live up to its potential when we only focus on marginal predictive distributions (marginal predictives). Recent works have highlighted the importance of joint predictives for (Bayesian) sequential decision making from a theoretical and synthetic perspective. We provide additional practical arguments grounded in real-world applications for focusing on joint predictives: we discuss online Bayesian inference, which would allow us to make predictions while taking into account additional data without retraining, and we propose new challenging evaluation settings using active learning and active sampling. These settings are motivated by an examination of marginal and joint predictives, their respective cross-entropies, and their place in offline and online learning. They are more realistic than previously suggested ones, building on work by Wen et al. (2021) and Osband et al. (2022), and focus on evaluating the performance of approximate BNNs in an online supervised setting. Initial experiments, however, raise questions on the feasibility of these ideas in high-dimensional parameter spaces with current BDL inference techniques, and we suggest experiments that might help shed further light on the practicality of current research for these problems. Importantly, our work highlights previously unidentified gaps in current research and the need for better approximate joint predictives.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Position Aided Beam Prediction in the Real World: How Useful GPS Locations Actually Are?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09054">arxiv:2205.09054</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>João Morais, Arash Behboodi, Hamed Pezeshki, Ahmed Alkhateeb</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Millimeter-wave (mmWave) communication systems rely on narrow beams for achieving sufficient receive signal power. Adjusting these beams is typically associated with large training overhead, which becomes particularly critical for highly-mobile applications. Intuitively, since optimal beam selection can benefit from the knowledge of the positions of communication terminals, there has been increasing interest in leveraging position data to reduce the overhead in mmWave beam prediction. Prior work, however, studied this problem using only synthetic data that generally does not accurately represent real-world measurements. In this paper, we investigate position-aided beam prediction using a real-world large-scale dataset to derive insights into precisely how much overhead can be saved in practice. Furthermore, we analyze which machine learning algorithms perform best, what factors degrade inference performance in real data, and which machine learning metrics are more meaningful in capturing the actual communication system performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automating In-Network Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08824">arxiv:2205.08824</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Changgang Zheng, Mingyuan Zang, Xinpeng Hong, Riyad Bensoussane, Shay Vargaftik, Yaniv Ben-Itzhak, Noa Zilberman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Using programmable network devices to aid in-network machine learning has been the focus of significant research. However, most of the research was of a limited scope, providing a proof of concept or describing a closed-source algorithm. To date, no general solution has been provided for mapping machine learning algorithms to programmable network devices. In this paper, we present Planter, an open-source, modular framework for mapping trained machine learning models to programmable devices. Planter supports a wide range of machine learning models, multiple targets and can be easily extended. The evaluation of Planter compares different mapping approaches, and demonstrates the feasibility, performance, and resource efficiency for applications such as anomaly detection, financial transactions, and quality of experience.
  The results show that Planter-based in-network machine learning algorithms can run at line rate, have a negligible effect on latency, coexist with standard switching functionality, and have no or minor accuracy trade-offs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Classification of $G$-invariant Shallow Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09219">arxiv:2205.09219</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Devanshu Agrawal, James Ostrowski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When trying to fit a deep neural network (DNN) to a $G$-invariant target function with respect to a group $G$, it only makes sense to constrain the DNN to be $G$-invariant as well. However, there can be many different ways to do this, thus raising the problem of "$G$-invariant neural architecture design": What is the optimal $G$-invariant architecture for a given problem? Before we can consider the optimization problem itself, we must understand the search space, the architectures in it, and how they relate to one another. In this paper, we take a first step towards this goal; we prove a theorem that gives a classification of all $G$-invariant single-hidden-layer or "shallow" neural network ($G$-SNN) architectures with ReLU activation for any finite orthogonal group $G$. The proof is based on a correspondence of every $G$-SNN to a signed permutation representation of $G$ acting on the hidden neurons. The classification is equivalently given in terms of the first cohomology classes of $G$, thus admitting a topological interpretation. Based on a code implementation, we enumerate the $G$-SNN architectures for some example groups $G$ and visualize their structure. We draw the network morphisms between the enumerated architectures that can be leveraged during neural architecture search (NAS). Finally, we prove that architectures corresponding to inequivalent cohomology classes in a given cohomology ring coincide in function space only when their weight matrices are zero, and we discuss the implications of this in the context of NAS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hybrid Machine Learning Modeling of Engineering Systems -- A Probabilistic Perspective Tested on a Multiphase Flow Modeling Case Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.09196">arxiv:2205.09196</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Timur Bikmukhametov, Johannes Jäschke</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To operate process engineering systems in a safe and reliable manner, predictive models are often used in decision making. In many cases, these are mechanistic first principles models which aim to accurately describe the process. In practice, the parameters of these models need to be tuned to the process conditions at hand. If the conditions change, which is common in practice, the model becomes inaccurate and needs to be re-tuned. In this paper, we propose a hybrid modeling machine learning framework that allows tuning first principles models to process conditions using two different types of Bayesian Neural Networks. Our approach not only estimates the expected values of the first principles model parameters but also quantifies the uncertainty of these estimates. Such an approach of hybrid machine learning modeling is not yet well described in the literature, so we believe this paper will provide an additional angle at which hybrid machine learning modeling of physical systems can be considered. As an example, we choose a multiphase pipe flow process for which we constructed a three-phase steady state model based on the drift-flux approach which can be used for modeling of pipe and well flow behavior in oil and gas production systems with or without the neural network tuning. In the simulation results, we show how uncertainty estimates of the resulting hybrid models can be used to make better operation decisions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>One Explanation to Rule them All -- Ensemble Consistent Explanations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08974">arxiv:2205.08974</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>André Artelt, Stelios Vrachimis, Demetrios Eliades, Marios Polycarpou, Barbara Hammer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transparency is a major requirement of modern AI based decision making systems deployed in real world. A popular approach for achieving transparency is by means of explanations. A wide variety of different explanations have been proposed for single decision making systems. In practice it is often the case to have a set (i.e. ensemble) of decisions that are used instead of a single decision only, in particular in complex systems. Unfortunately, explanation methods for single decision making systems are not easily applicable to ensembles -- i.e. they would yield an ensemble of individual explanations which are not necessarily consistent, hence less useful and more difficult to understand than a single consistent explanation of all observed phenomena. We propose a novel concept for consistently explaining an ensemble of decisions locally with a single explanation -- we introduce a formal concept, as well as a specific implementation using counterfactual explanations.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.05.17]({{ '/2022/05/17/2022.05.17.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.05.19]({{ '/2022/05/19/2022.05.19.html' | relative_url }})