Prev: [2022.02.09]({{ '/2022/02/09/2022.02.09.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.02.11]({{ '/2022/02/11/2022.02.11.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-02-10, created on 2022-02-20


<details><summary><b>ChemicalX: A Deep Learning Library for Drug Pair Scoring</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05240">arxiv:2202.05240</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4410 <br>
<p>Benedek Rozemberczki, Charles Tapley Hoyt, Anna Gogleva, Piotr Grabowski, Klas Karis, Andrej Lamov, Andriy Nikolov, Sebastian Nilsson, Michael Ughetto, Yu Wang, Tyler Derr, Benjamin M Gyori</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we introduce ChemicalX, a PyTorch-based deep learning library designed for providing a range of state of the art models to solve the drug pair scoring task. The primary objective of the library is to make deep drug pair scoring models accessible to machine learning researchers and practitioners in a streamlined framework.The design of ChemicalX reuses existing high level model training utilities, geometric deep learning, and deep chemistry layers from the PyTorch ecosystem. Our system provides neural network layers, custom pair scoring architectures, data loaders, and batch iterators for end users. We showcase these features with example code snippets and case studies to highlight the characteristics of ChemicalX. A range of experiments on real world drug-drug interaction, polypharmacy side effect, and combination synergy prediction tasks demonstrate that the models available in ChemicalX are effective at solving the pair scoring task. Finally, we show that ChemicalX could be used to train and score machine learning models on large drug pair datasets with hundreds of thousands of compounds on commodity hardware.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Locating and Editing Factual Knowledge in GPT</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05262">arxiv:2202.05262</a>
&#x1F4C8; 133 <br>
<p>Kevin Meng, David Bau, Alex Andonian, Yonatan Belinkov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We investigate the mechanisms underlying factual knowledge recall in autoregressive transformer language models. First, we develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations capable of altering a model's factual predictions. Within large GPT-style models, this reveals two distinct sets of neurons that we hypothesize correspond to knowing an abstract fact and saying a concrete word, respectively. This insight inspires the development of ROME, a novel method for editing facts stored in model weights. For evaluation, we assemble CounterFact, a dataset of over twenty thousand counterfactuals and tools to facilitate sensitive measurements of knowledge editing. Using CounterFact, we confirm the distinction between saying and knowing neurons, and we find that ROME achieves state-of-the-art performance in knowledge editing compared to other methods. An interactive demo notebook, full code implementation, and the dataset are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deconstructing the Inductive Biases of Hamiltonian Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04836">arxiv:2202.04836</a>
&#x1F4C8; 109 <br>
<p>Nate Gruver, Marc Finzi, Samuel Stanton, Andrew Gordon Wilson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Physics-inspired neural networks (NNs), such as Hamiltonian or Lagrangian NNs, dramatically outperform other learned dynamics models by leveraging strong inductive biases. These models, however, are challenging to apply to many real world systems, such as those that don't conserve energy or contain contacts, a common setting for robotics and reinforcement learning. In this paper, we examine the inductive biases that make physics-inspired models successful in practice. We show that, contrary to conventional wisdom, the improved generalization of HNNs is the result of modeling acceleration directly and avoiding artificial complexity from the coordinate system, rather than symplectic structure or energy conservation. We show that by relaxing the inductive biases of these models, we can match or exceed performance on energy-conserving systems while dramatically improving performance on practical, non-conservative systems. We extend this approach to constructing transition models for common Mujoco environments, showing that our model can appropriately balance inductive biases with the flexibility required for model-based control.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding Rare Spurious Correlations in Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05189">arxiv:2202.05189</a>
&#x1F4C8; 56 <br>
<p>Yao-Yuan Yang, Kamalika Chaudhuri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural networks are known to use spurious correlations for classification; for example, they commonly use background information to classify objects. But how many examples does it take for a network to pick up these correlations? This is the question that we empirically investigate in this work. We introduce spurious patterns correlated with a specific class to a few examples and find that it takes only a handful of such examples for the network to pick up on the spurious correlation. Through extensive experiments, we show that (1) spurious patterns with a larger $\ell_2$ norm are learnt to correlate with the specified class more easily; (2) network architectures that are more sensitive to the input are more susceptible to learning these rare spurious correlations; (3) standard data deletion methods, including incremental retraining and influence functions, are unable to forget these rare spurious correlations through deleting the examples that cause these spurious correlations to be learnt. Code available at https://github.com/yangarbiter/rare-spurious-correlation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Achieving Minimax Rates in Pool-Based Batch Active Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05448">arxiv:2202.05448</a>
&#x1F4C8; 42 <br>
<p>Claudio Gentile, Zhilei Wang, Tong Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider a batch active learning scenario where the learner adaptively issues batches of points to a labeling oracle. Sampling labels in batches is highly desirable in practice due to the smaller number of interactive rounds with the labeling oracle (often human beings). However, batch active learning typically pays the price of a reduced adaptivity, leading to suboptimal results. In this paper we propose a solution which requires a careful trade off between the informativeness of the queried points and their diversity. We theoretically investigate batch active learning in the practically relevant scenario where the unlabeled pool of data is available beforehand (pool-based active learning). We analyze a novel stage-wise greedy algorithm and show that, as a function of the label complexity, the excess risk of this algorithm operating in the realizable setting for which we prove matches the known minimax rates in standard statistical learning settings. Our results also exhibit a mild dependence on the batch size. These are the first theoretical results that employ careful trade offs between informativeness and diversity to rigorously quantify the statistical performance of batch active learning in the pool-based scenario.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Abstraction for Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05839">arxiv:2202.05839</a>
&#x1F4C8; 32 <br>
<p>Murray Shanahan, Melanie Mitchell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We characterise the problem of abstraction in the context of deep reinforcement learning. Various well established approaches to analogical reasoning and associative memory might be brought to bear on this issue, but they present difficulties because of the need for end-to-end differentiability. We review developments in AI and machine learning that could facilitate their adoption.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discovering Quantum Phase Transitions with Fermionic Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05183">arxiv:2202.05183</a>
&#x1F4C8; 23 <br>
<p>G. Cassella, H. Sutterud, S. Azadi, N. D. Drummond, D. Pfau, J. S. Spencer, W. M. C. Foulkes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks have been extremely successful as highly accurate wave function ansätze for variational Monte Carlo calculations of molecular ground states. We present an extension of one such ansatz, FermiNet, to calculations of the ground states of periodic Hamiltonians, and study the homogeneous electron gas. FermiNet calculations of the ground-state energies of small electron gas systems are in excellent agreement with previous initiator full configuration interaction quantum Monte Carlo and diffusion Monte Carlo calculations. We investigate the spin-polarized homogeneous electron gas and demonstrate that the same neural network architecture is capable of accurately representing both the delocalized Fermi liquid state and the localized Wigner crystal state. The network is given no \emph{a priori} knowledge that a phase transition exists, but converges on the translationally invariant ground state at high density and spontaneously breaks the symmetry to produce the crystalline ground state at low density.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Using Navigational Information to Learn Visual Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.08114">arxiv:2202.08114</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Lizhen Zhu, Brad Wyble, James Z. Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Children learn to build a visual representation of the world from unsupervised exploration and we hypothesize that a key part of this learning ability is the use of self-generated navigational information as a similarity label to drive a learning objective for self-supervised learning. The goal of this work is to exploit navigational information in a visual environment to provide performance in training that exceeds the state-of-the-art self-supervised training. Here, we show that using spatial and temporal information in the pretraining stage of contrastive learning can improve the performance of downstream classification relative to conventional contrastive learning approaches that use instance discrimination to discriminate between two alterations of the same image or two different images. We designed a pipeline to generate egocentric-vision images from a photorealistic ray-tracing environment (ThreeDWorld) and record relevant navigational information for each image. Modifying the Momentum Contrast (MoCo) model, we introduced spatial and temporal information to evaluate the similarity of two views in the pretraining stage instead of instance discrimination. This work reveals the effectiveness and efficiency of contextual information for improving representation learning. The work informs our understanding of the means by which children might learn to see the world without external supervision.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Characterizing, Detecting, and Predicting Online Ban Evasion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05257">arxiv:2202.05257</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Manoj Niverthi, Gaurav Verma, Srijan Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Moderators and automated methods enforce bans on malicious users who engage in disruptive behavior. However, malicious users can easily create a new account to evade such bans. Previous research has focused on other forms of online deception, like the simultaneous operation of multiple accounts by the same entities (sockpuppetry), impersonation of other individuals, and studying the effects of de-platforming individuals and communities. Here we conduct the first data-driven study of ban evasion, i.e., the act of circumventing bans on an online platform, leading to temporally disjoint operation of accounts by the same user.
  We curate a novel dataset of 8,551 ban evasion pairs (parent, child) identified on Wikipedia and contrast their behavior with benign users and non-evading malicious users. We find that evasion child accounts demonstrate similarities with respect to their banned parent accounts on several behavioral axes - from similarity in usernames and edited pages to similarity in content added to the platform and its psycholinguistic attributes. We reveal key behavioral attributes of accounts that are likely to evade bans. Based on the insights from the analyses, we train logistic regression classifiers to detect and predict ban evasion at three different points in the ban evasion lifecycle. Results demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods in predicting future evaders (AUC = 0.78), early detection of ban evasion (AUC = 0.85), and matching child accounts with parent accounts (MRR = 0.97). Our work can aid moderators by reducing their workload and identifying evasion pairs faster and more efficiently than current manual and heuristic-based approaches. Dataset is available $\href{https://github.com/srijankr/ban_evasion}{\text{here}}$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-speaker style transfer for text-to-speech using data augmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05083">arxiv:2202.05083</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Manuel Sam Ribeiro, Julian Roth, Giulia Comini, Goeric Huybrechts, Adam Gabrys, Jaime Lorenzo-Trueba</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We address the problem of cross-speaker style transfer for text-to-speech (TTS) using data augmentation via voice conversion. We assume to have a corpus of neutral non-expressive data from a target speaker and supporting conversational expressive data from different speakers. Our goal is to build a TTS system that is expressive, while retaining the target speaker's identity. The proposed approach relies on voice conversion to first generate high-quality data from the set of supporting expressive speakers. The voice converted data is then pooled with natural data from the target speaker and used to train a single-speaker multi-style TTS system. We provide evidence that this approach is efficient, flexible, and scalable. The method is evaluated using one or more supporting speakers, as well as a variable amount of supporting data. We further provide evidence that this approach allows some controllability of speaking style, when using multiple supporting speakers. We conclude by scaling our proposed technology to a set of 14 speakers across 7 languages. Results indicate that our technology consistently improves synthetic samples in terms of style similarity, while retaining the target speaker's identity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Motion Puzzle: Arbitrary Motion Style Transfer by Body Part</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05274">arxiv:2202.05274</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Deok-Kyeong Jang, Soomin Park, Sung-Hee Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents Motion Puzzle, a novel motion style transfer network that advances the state-of-the-art in several important respects. The Motion Puzzle is the first that can control the motion style of individual body parts, allowing for local style editing and significantly increasing the range of stylized motions. Designed to keep the human's kinematic structure, our framework extracts style features from multiple style motions for different body parts and transfers them locally to the target body parts. Another major advantage is that it can transfer both global and local traits of motion style by integrating the adaptive instance normalization and attention modules while keeping the skeleton topology. Thus, it can capture styles exhibited by dynamic movements, such as flapping and staggering, significantly better than previous work. In addition, our framework allows for arbitrary motion style transfer without datasets with style labeling or motion pairing, making many publicly available motion datasets available for training. Our framework can be easily integrated with motion generation frameworks to create many applications, such as real-time motion transfer. We demonstrate the advantages of our framework with a number of examples and comparisons with previous work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Uncovering Instabilities in Variational-Quantum Deep Q-Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05195">arxiv:2202.05195</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Maja Franz, Lucas Wolf, Maniraman Periyasamy, Christian Ufrecht, Daniel D. Scherer, Axel Plinge, Christopher Mutschler, Wolfgang Mauerer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Reinforcement Learning (RL) has considerably advanced over the past decade. At the same time, state-of-the-art RL algorithms require a large computational budget in terms of training time to converge. Recent work has started to approach this problem through the lens of quantum computing, which promises theoretical speed-ups for several traditionally hard tasks. In this work, we examine a class of hybrid quantumclassical RL algorithms that we collectively refer to as variational quantum deep Q-networks (VQ-DQN). We show that VQ-DQN approaches are subject to instabilities that cause the learned policy to diverge, study the extent to which this afflicts reproduciblity of established results based on classical simulation, and perform systematic experiments to identify potential explanations for the observed instabilities. Additionally, and in contrast to most existing work on quantum reinforcement learning, we execute RL algorithms on an actual quantum processing unit (an IBM Quantum Device) and investigate differences in behaviour between simulated and physical quantum systems that suffer from implementation deficiencies. Our experiments show that, contrary to opposite claims in the literature, it cannot be conclusively decided if known quantum approaches, even if simulated without physical imperfections, can provide an advantage as compared to classical approaches. Finally, we provide a robust, universal and well-tested implementation of VQ-DQN as a reproducible testbed for future experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computational-Statistical Gaps in Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05444">arxiv:2202.05444</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Daniel Kane, Sihan Liu, Shachar Lovett, Gaurav Mahajan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning with function approximation has recently achieved tremendous results in applications with large state spaces. This empirical success has motivated a growing body of theoretical work proposing necessary and sufficient conditions under which efficient reinforcement learning is possible. From this line of work, a remarkably simple minimal sufficient condition has emerged for sample efficient reinforcement learning: MDPs with optimal value function $V^*$ and $Q^*$ linear in some known low-dimensional features. In this setting, recent works have designed sample efficient algorithms which require a number of samples polynomial in the feature dimension and independent of the size of state space. They however leave finding computationally efficient algorithms as future work and this is considered a major open problem in the community.
  In this work, we make progress on this open problem by presenting the first computational lower bound for RL with linear function approximation: unless NP=RP, no randomized polynomial time algorithm exists for deterministic transition MDPs with a constant number of actions and linear optimal value functions. To prove this, we show a reduction from Unique-Sat, where we convert a CNF formula into an MDP with deterministic transitions, constant number of actions and low dimensional linear optimal value functions. This result also exhibits the first computational-statistical gap in reinforcement learning with linear function approximation, as the underlying statistical problem is information-theoretically solvable with a polynomial number of queries, but no computationally efficient algorithm exists unless NP=RP. Finally, we also prove a quasi-polynomial time lower bound under the Randomized Exponential Time Hypothesis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conditional Diffusion Probabilistic Model for Speech Enhancement</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05256">arxiv:2202.05256</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yen-Ju Lu, Zhong-Qiu Wang, Shinji Watanabe, Alexander Richard, Cheng Yu, Yu Tsao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Speech enhancement is a critical component of many user-oriented audio applications, yet current systems still suffer from distorted and unnatural outputs. While generative models have shown strong potential in speech synthesis, they are still lagging behind in speech enhancement. This work leverages recent advances in diffusion probabilistic models, and proposes a novel speech enhancement algorithm that incorporates characteristics of the observed noisy speech signal into the diffusion and reverse processes. More specifically, we propose a generalized formulation of the diffusion probabilistic model named conditional diffusion probabilistic model that, in its reverse process, can adapt to non-Gaussian real noises in the estimated speech signal. In our experiments, we demonstrate strong performance of the proposed approach compared to representative generative models, and investigate the generalization capability of our models to other datasets with noise characteristics unseen during training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>F8Net: Fixed-Point 8-bit Only Multiplication for Network Quantization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05239">arxiv:2202.05239</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Qing Jin, Jian Ren, Richard Zhuang, Sumant Hanumante, Zhengang Li, Zhiyu Chen, Yanzhi Wang, Kaiyuan Yang, Sergey Tulyakov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural network quantization is a promising compression technique to reduce memory footprint and save energy consumption, potentially leading to real-time inference. However, there is a performance gap between quantized and full-precision models. To reduce it, existing quantization approaches require high-precision INT32 or full-precision multiplication during inference for scaling or dequantization. This introduces a noticeable cost in terms of memory, speed, and required energy. To tackle these issues, we present F8Net, a novel quantization framework consisting of only fixed-point 8-bit multiplication. To derive our method, we first discuss the advantages of fixed-point multiplication with different formats of fixed-point numbers and study the statistical behavior of the associated fixed-point numbers. Second, based on the statistical and algorithmic analysis, we apply different fixed-point formats for weights and activations of different layers. We introduce a novel algorithm to automatically determine the right format for each layer during training. Third, we analyze a previous quantization algorithm -- parameterized clipping activation (PACT) -- and reformulate it using fixed-point arithmetic. Finally, we unify the recently proposed method for quantization fine-tuning and our fixed-point approach to show the potential of our method. We verify F8Net on ImageNet for MobileNet V1/V2 and ResNet18/50. Our approach achieves comparable and better performance, when compared not only to existing quantization techniques with INT32 multiplication or floating-point arithmetic, but also to the full-precision counterparts, achieving state-of-the-art performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Monotonically Convergent Regularization by Denoising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04961">arxiv:2202.04961</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yuyang Hu, Jiaming Liu, Xiaojian Xu, Ulugbek S. Kamilov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Regularization by denoising (RED) is a widely-used framework for solving inverse problems by leveraging image denoisers as image priors. Recent work has reported the state-of-the-art performance of RED in a number of imaging applications using pre-trained deep neural nets as denoisers. Despite the recent progress, the stable convergence of RED algorithms remains an open problem. The existing RED theory only guarantees stability for convex data-fidelity terms and nonexpansive denoisers. This work addresses this issue by developing a new monotone RED (MRED) algorithm, whose convergence does not require nonexpansiveness of the deep denoising prior. Simulations on image deblurring and compressive sensing recovery from random matrices show the stability of MRED even when the traditional RED algorithm diverges.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Memory-based gaze prediction in deep imitation learning for robot manipulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04877">arxiv:2202.04877</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Heecheol Kim, Yoshiyuki Ohmura, Yasuo Kuniyoshi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep imitation learning is a promising approach that does not require hard-coded control rules in autonomous robot manipulation. The current applications of deep imitation learning to robot manipulation have been limited to reactive control based on the states at the current time step. However, future robots will also be required to solve tasks utilizing their memory obtained by experience in complicated environments (e.g., when the robot is asked to find a previously used object on a shelf). In such a situation, simple deep imitation learning may fail because of distractions caused by complicated environments. We propose that gaze prediction from sequential visual input enables the robot to perform a manipulation task that requires memory. The proposed algorithm uses a Transformer-based self-attention architecture for the gaze estimation based on sequential data to implement memory. The proposed method was evaluated with a real robot multi-object manipulation task that requires memory of the previous states.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Image-to-Image Regression with Distribution-Free Uncertainty Quantification and Applications in Imaging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05265">arxiv:2202.05265</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Anastasios N Angelopoulos, Amit P Kohli, Stephen Bates, Michael I Jordan, Jitendra Malik, Thayer Alshaabi, Srigokul Upadhyayula, Yaniv Romano</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image-to-image regression is an important learning task, used frequently in biological imaging. Current algorithms, however, do not generally offer statistical guarantees that protect against a model's mistakes and hallucinations. To address this, we develop uncertainty quantification techniques with rigorous statistical guarantees for image-to-image regression problems. In particular, we show how to derive uncertainty intervals around each pixel that are guaranteed to contain the true value with a user-specified confidence probability. Our methods work in conjunction with any base machine learning model, such as a neural network, and endow it with formal mathematical guarantees -- regardless of the true unknown data distribution or choice of model. Furthermore, they are simple to implement and computationally inexpensive. We evaluate our procedure on three image-to-image regression tasks: quantitative phase microscopy, accelerated magnetic resonance imaging, and super-resolution transmission electron microscopy of a Drosophila melanogaster brain.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Visual Servoing for Pose Control of Soft Continuum Arm in a Structured Environment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05200">arxiv:2202.05200</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Shivani Kamtikar, Samhita Marri, Benjamin Walt, Naveen Kumar Uppalapati, Girish Krishnan, Girish Chowdhary</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For soft continuum arms, visual servoing is a popular control strategy that relies on visual feedback to close the control loop. However, robust visual servoing is challenging as it requires reliable feature extraction from the image, accurate control models and sensors to perceive the shape of the arm, both of which can be hard to implement in a soft robot. This letter circumvents these challenges by presenting a deep neural network-based method to perform smooth and robust 3D positioning tasks on a soft arm by visual servoing using a camera mounted at the distal end of the arm. A convolutional neural network is trained to predict the actuations required to achieve the desired pose in a structured environment. Integrated and modular approaches for estimating the actuations from the image are proposed and are experimentally compared. A proportional control law is implemented to reduce the error between the desired and current image as seen by the camera. The model together with the proportional feedback control makes the described approach robust to several variations such as new targets, lighting, loads, and diminution of the soft arm. Furthermore, the model lends itself to be transferred to a new environment with minimal effort.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Interpretable pipelines with evolutionarily optimized modules for RL tasks with visual inputs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04943">arxiv:2202.04943</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Leonardo Lucio Custode, Giovanni Iacca</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The importance of explainability in AI has become a pressing concern, for which several explainable AI (XAI) approaches have been recently proposed. However, most of the available XAI techniques are post-hoc methods, which however may be only partially reliable, as they do not reflect exactly the state of the original models. Thus, a more direct way for achieving XAI is through interpretable (also called glass-box) models. These models have been shown to obtain comparable (and, in some cases, better) performance with respect to black-boxes models in various tasks such as classification and reinforcement learning. However, they struggle when working with raw data, especially when the input dimensionality increases and the raw inputs alone do not give valuable insights on the decision-making process. Here, we propose to use end-to-end pipelines composed of multiple interpretable models co-optimized by means of evolutionary algorithms, that allows us to decompose the decision-making process into two parts: computing high-level features from raw data, and reasoning on the extracted high-level features. We test our approach in reinforcement learning environments from the Atari benchmark, where we obtain comparable results (with respect to black-box approaches) in settings without stochastic frame-skipping, while performance degrades in frame-skipping settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Applications of Machine Learning to Lattice Quantum Field Theory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05838">arxiv:2202.05838</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Denis Boyda, Salvatore Calì, Sam Foreman, Lena Funcke, Daniel C. Hackett, Yin Lin, Gert Aarts, Andrei Alexandru, Xiao-Yong Jin, Biagio Lucini, Phiala E. Shanahan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is great potential to apply machine learning in the area of numerical lattice quantum field theory, but full exploitation of that potential will require new strategies. In this white paper for the Snowmass community planning process, we discuss the unique requirements of machine learning for lattice quantum field theory research and outline what is needed to enable exploration and deployment of this approach in the future.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Minimax Regret Optimization for Robust Machine Learning under Distribution Shift</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05436">arxiv:2202.05436</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Alekh Agarwal, Tong Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we consider learning scenarios where the learned model is evaluated under an unknown test distribution which potentially differs from the training distribution (i.e. distribution shift). The learner has access to a family of weight functions such that the test distribution is a reweighting of the training distribution under one of these functions, a setting typically studied under the name of Distributionally Robust Optimization (DRO). We consider the problem of deriving regret bounds in the classical learning theory setting, and require that the resulting regret bounds hold uniformly for all potential test distributions. We show that the DRO formulation does not guarantee uniformly small regret under distribution shift. We instead propose an alternative method called Minimax Regret Optimization (MRO), and show that under suitable conditions this method achieves uniformly low regret across all test distributions. We also adapt our technique to have stronger guarantees when the test distributions are heterogeneous in their similarity to the training data. Given the widespead optimization of worst case risks in current approaches to robust machine learning, we believe that MRO can be a strong alternative to address distribution shift scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Temporal Rules from Noisy Timeseries Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05403">arxiv:2202.05403</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Karan Samel, Zelin Zhao, Binghong Chen, Shuang Li, Dharmashankar Subramanian, Irfan Essa, Le Song</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Events across a timeline are a common data representation, seen in different temporal modalities. Individual atomic events can occur in a certain temporal ordering to compose higher level composite events. Examples of a composite event are a patient's medical symptom or a baseball player hitting a home run, caused distinct temporal orderings of patient vitals and player movements respectively. Such salient composite events are provided as labels in temporal datasets and most works optimize models to predict these composite event labels directly. We focus on uncovering the underlying atomic events and their relations that lead to the composite events within a noisy temporal data setting. We propose Neural Temporal Logic Programming (Neural TLP) which first learns implicit temporal relations between atomic events and then lifts logic rules for composite events, given only the composite events labels for supervision. This is done through efficiently searching through the combinatorial space of all temporal logic rules in an end-to-end differentiable manner. We evaluate our method on video and healthcare datasets where it outperforms the baseline methods for rule discovery.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Domain Adversarial Training: A Game Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05352">arxiv:2202.05352</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>David Acuna, Marc T Law, Guojun Zhang, Sanja Fidler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The dominant line of work in domain adaptation has focused on learning invariant representations using domain-adversarial training. In this paper, we interpret this approach from a game theoretical perspective. Defining optimal solutions in domain-adversarial training as a local Nash equilibrium, we show that gradient descent in domain-adversarial training can violate the asymptotic convergence guarantees of the optimizer, oftentimes hindering the transfer performance. Our analysis leads us to replace gradient descent with high-order ODE solvers (i.e., Runge-Kutta), for which we derive asymptotic convergence guarantees. This family of optimizers is significantly more stable and allows more aggressive learning rates, leading to high performance gains when used as a drop-in replacement over standard optimizers. Our experiments show that in conjunction with state-of-the-art domain-adversarial methods, we achieve up to 3.5% improvement with less than of half training iterations. Our optimizers are easy to implement, free of additional parameters, and can be plugged into any domain-adversarial framework.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Field of Experts Prior for Adapting Neural Networks at Test Time</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05271">arxiv:2202.05271</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Neerav Karani, Georg Brunner, Ertunc Erdil, Simin Fei, Kerem Tezcan, Krishna Chaitanya, Ender Konukoglu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Performance of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in image analysis tasks is often marred in the presence of acquisition-related distribution shifts between training and test images. Recently, it has been proposed to tackle this problem by fine-tuning trained CNNs for each test image. Such test-time-adaptation (TTA) is a promising and practical strategy for improving robustness to distribution shifts as it requires neither data sharing between institutions nor annotating additional data. Previous TTA methods use a helper model to increase similarity between outputs and/or features extracted from a test image with those of the training images. Such helpers, which are typically modeled using CNNs, can be task-specific and themselves vulnerable to distribution shifts in their inputs. To overcome these problems, we propose to carry out TTA by matching the feature distributions of test and training images, as modelled by a field-of-experts (FoE) prior. FoEs model complicated probability distributions as products of many simpler expert distributions. We use 1D marginal distributions of a trained task CNN's features as experts in the FoE model. Further, we compute principal components of patches of the task CNN's features, and consider the distributions of PCA loadings as additional experts. We validate the method on 5 MRI segmentation tasks (healthy tissues in 4 anatomical regions and lesions in 1 one anatomy), using data from 17 clinics, and on a MRI registration task, using data from 3 clinics. We find that the proposed FoE-based TTA is generically applicable in multiple tasks, and outperforms all previous TTA methods for lesion segmentation. For healthy tissue segmentation, the proposed method outperforms other task-agnostic methods, but a previous TTA method which is specifically designed for segmentation performs the best for most of the tested datasets. Our code is publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Predicting Fine Finger Motions from Ultrasound Images via Kinematic Representation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05204">arxiv:2202.05204</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dean Zadok, Oren Salzman, Alon Wolf, Alex M. Bronstein</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A central challenge in building robotic prostheses is the creation of a sensor-based system able to read physiological signals from the lower limb and instruct a robotic hand to perform various tasks. Existing systems typically perform discrete gestures such as pointing or grasping, by employing electromyography (EMG) or ultrasound (US) technologies to analyze the state of the muscles. In this work, we study the inference problem of identifying the activation of specific fingers from a sequence of US images when performing dexterous tasks such as keyboard typing or playing the piano. While estimating finger gestures has been done in the past by detecting prominent gestures, we are interested in classification done in the context of fine motions that evolve over time. We consider this task as an important step towards higher adoption rates of robotic prostheses among arm amputees, as it has the potential to dramatically increase functionality in performing daily tasks. Our key observation, motivating this work, is that modeling the hand as a robotic manipulator allows to encode an intermediate representation wherein US images are mapped to said configurations. Given a sequence of such learned configurations, coupled with a neural-network architecture that exploits temporal coherence, we are able to infer fine finger motions. We evaluated our method by collecting data from a group of subjects and demonstrating how our framework can be used to replay music played or text typed. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study demonstrating these downstream tasks within an end-to-end system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adults as Augmentations for Children in Facial Emotion Recognition with Contrastive Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05187">arxiv:2202.05187</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Marco Virgolin, Andrea De Lorenzo, Tanja Alderliesten, Peter A. N. Bosman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Emotion recognition in children can help the early identification of, and intervention on, psychological complications that arise in stressful situations such as cancer treatment. Though deep learning models are increasingly being adopted, data scarcity is often an issue in pediatric medicine, including for facial emotion recognition in children. In this paper, we study the application of data augmentation-based contrastive learning to overcome data scarcity in facial emotion recognition for children. We explore the idea of ignoring generational gaps, by adding abundantly available adult data to pediatric data, to learn better representations. We investigate different ways by which adult facial expression images can be used alongside those of children. In particular, we propose to explicitly incorporate within each mini-batch adult images as augmentations for children's. Out of $84$ combinations of learning approaches and training set sizes, we find that supervised contrastive learning with the proposed training scheme performs best, reaching a test accuracy that typically surpasses the one of the second-best approach by 2% to 3%. Our results indicate that adult data can be considered to be a meaningful augmentation of pediatric data for the recognition of emotional facial expression in children, and open up the possibility for other applications of contrastive learning to improve pediatric care by complementing data of children with that of adults.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning for Computational Cytology: A Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05126">arxiv:2202.05126</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Hao Jiang, Yanning Zhou, Yi Lin, Ronald CK Chan, Jiang Liu, Hao Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computational cytology is a critical, rapid-developing, yet challenging topic in the field of medical image computing which analyzes the digitized cytology image by computer-aided technologies for cancer screening. Recently, an increasing number of deep learning (DL) algorithms have made significant progress in medical image analysis, leading to the boosting publications of cytological studies. To investigate the advanced methods and comprehensive applications, we survey more than 120 publications of DL-based cytology image analysis in this article. We first introduce various deep learning methods, including fully supervised, weakly supervised, unsupervised, and transfer learning. Then, we systematically summarize the public datasets, evaluation metrics, versatile cytology image analysis applications including classification, detection, segmentation, and other related tasks. Finally, we discuss current challenges and potential research directions of computational cytology.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semi-Supervised Convolutive NMF for Automatic Music Transcription</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04989">arxiv:2202.04989</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Haoran Wu, Axel Marmoret, Jérémy E. Cohen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automatic Music Transcription, which consists in transforming an audio recording of a musical performance into symbolic format, remains a difficult Music Information Retrieval task. In this work, we propose a semi-supervised approach using low-rank matrix factorization techniques, in particular Convolutive Nonnegative Matrix Factorization. In the semi-supervised setting, only a single recording of each individual notes is required.
  We show on the MAPS dataset that the proposed semi-supervised CNMF method performs better than state-of-the-art low-rank factorization techniques and a little worse than supervised deep learning state-of-the-art methods, while however suffering from generalization issues.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding Value Decomposition Algorithms in Deep Cooperative Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04868">arxiv:2202.04868</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Zehao Dou, Jakub Grudzien Kuba, Yaodong Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Value function decomposition is becoming a popular rule of thumb for scaling up multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) in cooperative games. For such a decomposition rule to hold, the assumption of the individual-global max (IGM) principle must be made; that is, the local maxima on the decomposed value function per every agent must amount to the global maximum on the joint value function. This principle, however, does not have to hold in general. As a result, the applicability of value decomposition algorithms is concealed and their corresponding convergence properties remain unknown. In this paper, we make the first effort to answer these questions. Specifically, we introduce the set of cooperative games in which the value decomposition methods find their validity, which is referred as decomposable games. In decomposable games, we theoretically prove that applying the multi-agent fitted Q-Iteration algorithm (MA-FQI) will lead to an optimal Q-function. In non-decomposable games, the estimated Q-function by MA-FQI can still converge to the optimum under the circumstance that the Q-function needs projecting into the decomposable function space at each iteration. In both settings, we consider value function representations by practical deep neural networks and derive their corresponding convergence rates. To summarize, our results, for the first time, offer theoretical insights for MARL practitioners in terms of when value decomposition algorithms converge and why they perform well.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Give me a knee radiograph, I will tell you where the knee joint area is: a deep convolutional neural network adventure</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05382">arxiv:2202.05382</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shi Yan, Taghi Ramazanian, Elham Sagheb, Walter K. Kremers, Vipin Chaudhary, Michael Taunton, Hilal Maradit Kremers, Ahmad P. Tafti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knee pain is undoubtedly the most common musculoskeletal symptom that impairs quality of life, confines mobility and functionality across all ages. Knee pain is clinically evaluated by routine radiographs, where the widespread adoption of radiographic images and their availability at low cost, make them the principle component in the assessment of knee pain and knee pathologies, such as arthritis, trauma, and sport injuries. However, interpretation of the knee radiographs is still highly subjective, and overlapping structures within the radiographs and the large volume of images needing to be analyzed on a daily basis, make interpretation challenging for both naive and experienced practitioners. There is thus a need to implement an artificial intelligence strategy to objectively and automatically interpret knee radiographs, facilitating triage of abnormal radiographs in a timely fashion. The current work proposes an accurate and effective pipeline for autonomous detection, localization, and classification of knee joint area in plain radiographs combining the You Only Look Once (YOLO v3) deep convolutional neural network with a large and fully-annotated knee radiographs dataset. The present work is expected to stimulate more interest from the deep learning computer vision community to this pragmatic and clinical application.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Closure operators: Complexity and applications to classification and decision-making</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05339">arxiv:2202.05339</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hamed Hamze Bajgiran, Federico Echenique</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the complexity of closure operators, with applications to machine learning and decision theory. In machine learning, closure operators emerge naturally in data classification and clustering. In decision theory, they can model equivalence of choice menus, and therefore situations with a preference for flexibility. Our contribution is to formulate a notion of complexity of closure operators, which translate into the complexity of a classifier in ML, or of a utility function in decision theory.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning the Pedestrian-Vehicle Interaction for Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05334">arxiv:2202.05334</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Chi Zhang, Christian Berger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we study the interaction between pedestrians and vehicles and propose a novel neural network structure called the Pedestrian-Vehicle Interaction (PVI) extractor for learning the pedestrian-vehicle interaction. We implement the proposed PVI extractor on both sequential approaches (long short-term memory (LSTM) models) and non-sequential approaches (convolutional models). We use the Waymo Open Dataset that contains real-world urban traffic scenes with both pedestrian and vehicle annotations. For the LSTM-based models, our proposed model is compared with Social-LSTM and Social-GAN, and using our proposed PVI extractor reduces the average displacement error (ADE) and the final displacement error (FDE) by 7.46% and 5.24%, respectively. For the convolutional-based models, our proposed model is compared with Social-STGCNN and Social-IWSTCNN, and using our proposed PVI extractor reduces the ADE and FDE by 2.10% and 1.27%, respectively. The results show that the pedestrian-vehicle interaction influences pedestrian behavior, and the models using the proposed PVI extractor can capture the interaction between pedestrians and vehicles, and thereby outperform the compared methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Factored World Models for Zero-Shot Generalization in Robotic Manipulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05333">arxiv:2202.05333</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ondrej Biza, Thomas Kipf, David Klee, Robert Platt, Jan-Willem van de Meent, Lawson L. S. Wong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** World models for environments with many objects face a combinatorial explosion of states: as the number of objects increases, the number of possible arrangements grows exponentially. In this paper, we learn to generalize over robotic pick-and-place tasks using object-factored world models, which combat the combinatorial explosion by ensuring that predictions are equivariant to permutations of objects. Previous object-factored models were limited either by their inability to model actions, or by their inability to plan for complex manipulation tasks. We build on recent contrastive methods for training object-factored world models, which we extend to model continuous robot actions and to accurately predict the physics of robotic pick-and-place. To do so, we use a residual stack of graph neural networks that receive action information at multiple levels in both their node and edge neural networks. Crucially, our learned model can make predictions about tasks not represented in the training data. That is, we demonstrate successful zero-shot generalization to novel tasks, with only a minor decrease in model performance. Moreover, we show that an ensemble of our models can be used to plan for tasks involving up to 12 pick and place actions using heuristic search. We also demonstrate transfer to a physical robot.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Describing image focused in cognitive and visual details for visually impaired people: An approach to generating inclusive paragraphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05331">arxiv:2202.05331</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Daniel Louzada Fernandes, Marcos Henrique Fonseca Ribeiro, Fabio Ribeiro Cerqueira, Michel Melo Silva</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Several services for people with visual disabilities have emerged recently due to achievements in Assistive Technologies and Artificial Intelligence areas. Despite the growth in assistive systems availability, there is a lack of services that support specific tasks, such as understanding the image context presented in online content, e.g., webinars. Image captioning techniques and their variants are limited as Assistive Technologies as they do not match the needs of visually impaired people when generating specific descriptions. We propose an approach for generating context of webinar images combining a dense captioning technique with a set of filters, to fit the captions in our domain, and a language model for the abstractive summary task. The results demonstrated that we can produce descriptions with higher interpretability and focused on the relevant information for that group of people by combining image analysis methods and neural language models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Trust in AI: Interpretability is not necessary or sufficient, while black-box interaction is necessary and sufficient</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05302">arxiv:2202.05302</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Max W. Shen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The problem of human trust in artificial intelligence is one of the most fundamental problems in applied machine learning. Our processes for evaluating AI trustworthiness have substantial ramifications for ML's impact on science, health, and humanity, yet confusion surrounds foundational concepts. What does it mean to trust an AI, and how do humans assess AI trustworthiness? What are the mechanisms for building trustworthy AI? And what is the role of interpretable ML in trust? Here, we draw from statistical learning theory and sociological lenses on human-automation trust to motivate an AI-as-tool framework, which distinguishes human-AI trust from human-AI-human trust. Evaluating an AI's contractual trustworthiness involves predicting future model behavior using behavior certificates (BCs) that aggregate behavioral evidence from diverse sources including empirical out-of-distribution and out-of-task evaluation and theoretical proofs linking model architecture to behavior. We clarify the role of interpretability in trust with a ladder of model access. Interpretability (level 3) is not necessary or even sufficient for trust, while the ability to run a black-box model at-will (level 2) is necessary and sufficient. While interpretability can offer benefits for trust, it can also incur costs. We clarify ways interpretability can contribute to trust, while questioning the perceived centrality of interpretability to trust in popular discourse. How can we empower people with tools to evaluate trust? Instead of trying to understand how a model works, we argue for understanding how a model behaves. Instead of opening up black boxes, we should create more behavior certificates that are more correct, relevant, and understandable. We discuss how to build trusted and trustworthy AI responsibly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards a Guideline for Evaluation Metrics in Medical Image Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05273">arxiv:2202.05273</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Dominik Müller, Iñaki Soto-Rey, Frank Kramer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the last decade, research on artificial intelligence has seen rapid growth with deep learning models, especially in the field of medical image segmentation. Various studies demonstrated that these models have powerful prediction capabilities and achieved similar results as clinicians. However, recent studies revealed that the evaluation in image segmentation studies lacks reliable model performance assessment and showed statistical bias by incorrect metric implementation or usage. Thus, this work provides an overview and interpretation guide on the following metrics for medical image segmentation evaluation in binary as well as multi-class problems: Dice similarity coefficient, Jaccard, Sensitivity, Specificity, Rand index, ROC curves, Cohen's Kappa, and Hausdorff distance. As a summary, we propose a guideline for standardized medical image segmentation evaluation to improve evaluation quality, reproducibility, and comparability in the research field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HNF-Netv2 for Brain Tumor Segmentation using multi-modal MR Imaging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05268">arxiv:2202.05268</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Haozhe Jia, Chao Bai, Weidong Cai, Heng Huang, Yong Xia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In our previous work, $i.e.$, HNF-Net, high-resolution feature representation and light-weight non-local self-attention mechanism are exploited for brain tumor segmentation using multi-modal MR imaging. In this paper, we extend our HNF-Net to HNF-Netv2 by adding inter-scale and intra-scale semantic discrimination enhancing blocks to further exploit global semantic discrimination for the obtained high-resolution features. We trained and evaluated our HNF-Netv2 on the multi-modal Brain Tumor Segmentation Challenge (BraTS) 2021 dataset. The result on the test set shows that our HNF-Netv2 achieved the average Dice scores of 0.878514, 0.872985, and 0.924919, as well as the Hausdorff distances ($95\%$) of 8.9184, 16.2530, and 4.4895 for the enhancing tumor, tumor core, and whole tumor, respectively. Our method won the RSNA 2021 Brain Tumor AI Challenge Prize (Segmentation Task), which ranks 8th out of all 1250 submitted results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hardness of Noise-Free Learning for Two-Hidden-Layer Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05258">arxiv:2202.05258</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Sitan Chen, Aravind Gollakota, Adam R. Klivans, Raghu Meka</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We give exponential statistical query (SQ) lower bounds for learning two-hidden-layer ReLU networks with respect to Gaussian inputs in the standard (noise-free) model. No general SQ lower bounds were known for learning ReLU networks of any depth in this setting: previous SQ lower bounds held only for adversarial noise models (agnostic learning) or restricted models such as correlational SQ.
  Prior work hinted at the impossibility of our result: Vempala and Wilmes showed that general SQ lower bounds cannot apply to any real-valued family of functions that satisfies a simple non-degeneracy condition.
  To circumvent their result, we refine a lifting procedure due to Daniely and Vardi that reduces Boolean PAC learning problems to Gaussian ones. We show how to extend their technique to other learning models and, in many well-studied cases, obtain a more efficient reduction. As such, we also prove new cryptographic hardness results for PAC learning two-hidden-layer ReLU networks, as well as new lower bounds for learning constant-depth ReLU networks from membership queries.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Monotone Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05246">arxiv:2202.05246</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Olivier Bousquet, Amit Daniely, Haim Kaplan, Yishay Mansour, Shay Moran, Uri Stemmer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The amount of training-data is one of the key factors which determines the generalization capacity of learning algorithms. Intuitively, one expects the error rate to decrease as the amount of training-data increases. Perhaps surprisingly, natural attempts to formalize this intuition give rise to interesting and challenging mathematical questions. For example, in their classical book on pattern recognition, Devroye, Gyorfi, and Lugosi (1996) ask whether there exists a {monotone} Bayes-consistent algorithm. This question remained open for over 25 years, until recently Pestov (2021) resolved it for binary classification, using an intricate construction of a monotone Bayes-consistent algorithm.
  We derive a general result in multiclass classification, showing that every learning algorithm A can be transformed to a monotone one with similar performance. Further, the transformation is efficient and only uses a black-box oracle access to A. This demonstrates that one can provably avoid non-monotonic behaviour without compromising performance, thus answering questions asked by Devroye et al (1996), Viering, Mey, and Loog (2019), Viering and Loog (2021), and by Mhammedi (2021).
  Our transformation readily implies monotone learners in a variety of contexts: for example it extends Pestov's result to classification tasks with an arbitrary number of labels. This is in contrast with Pestov's work which is tailored to binary classification.
  In addition, we provide uniform bounds on the error of the monotone algorithm. This makes our transformation applicable in distribution-free settings. For example, in PAC learning it implies that every learnable class admits a monotone PAC learner. This resolves questions by Viering, Mey, and Loog (2019); Viering and Loog (2021); Mhammedi (2021).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learnable Nonlinear Compression for Robust Speaker Verification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05236">arxiv:2202.05236</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Xuechen Liu, Md Sahidullah, Tomi Kinnunen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this study, we focus on nonlinear compression methods in spectral features for speaker verification based on deep neural network. We consider different kinds of channel-dependent (CD) nonlinear compression methods optimized in a data-driven manner. Our methods are based on power nonlinearities and dynamic range compression (DRC). We also propose multi-regime (MR) design on the nonlinearities, at improving robustness. Results on VoxCeleb1 and VoxMovies data demonstrate improvements brought by proposed compression methods over both the commonly-used logarithm and their static counterparts, especially for ones based on power function. While CD generalization improves performance on VoxCeleb1, MR provides more robustness on VoxMovies, with a maximum relative equal error rate reduction of 21.6%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayes Optimal Algorithm is Suboptimal in Frequentist Best Arm Identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05193">arxiv:2202.05193</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Junpei Komiyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the fixed-budget best arm identification problem with Normal rewards. In this problem, the forecaster is given $K$ arms (treatments) and $T$ time steps. The forecaster attempts to find the best arm in terms of the largest mean via an adaptive experiment conducted with an algorithm. The performance of the algorithm is measured by the simple regret, or the quality of the estimated best arm. It is known that the frequentist simple regret can be exponentially small to $T$ for any fixed parameters, whereas the Bayesian simple regret is $Θ(T^{-1})$ over a continuous prior distribution. This paper shows that Bayes optimal algorithm, which minimizes the Bayesian simple regret, does not have an exponential simple regret for some parameters. This finding contrasts with the many results indicating the asymptotic equivalence of Bayesian and frequentist algorithms in fixed sampling regimes. While the Bayes optimal algorithm is described in terms of a recursive equation that is virtually impossible to compute exactly, we pave the way to an analysis by introducing a key quantity that we call the expected Bellman improvement.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptively Exploiting d-Separators with Causal Bandits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05100">arxiv:2202.05100</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Blair Bilodeau, Linbo Wang, Daniel M. Roy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-armed bandit problems provide a framework to identify the optimal intervention over a sequence of repeated experiments. Without additional assumptions, minimax optimal performance (measured by cumulative regret) is well-understood. With access to additional observed variables that d-separate the intervention from the outcome (i.e., they are a d-separator), recent causal bandit algorithms provably incur less regret. However, in practice it is desirable to be agnostic to whether observed variables are a d-separator. Ideally, an algorithm should be adaptive; that is, perform nearly as well as an algorithm with oracle knowledge of the presence or absence of a d-separator. In this work, we formalize and study this notion of adaptivity, and provide a novel algorithm that simultaneously achieves (a) optimal regret when a d-separator is observed, improving on classical minimax algorithms, and (b) significantly smaller regret than recent causal bandit algorithms when the observed variables are not a d-separator. Crucially, our algorithm does not require any oracle knowledge of whether a d-separator is observed. We also generalize this adaptivity to other conditions, such as the front-door criterion.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Barwise Compression Schemes for Audio-Based Music Structure Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04981">arxiv:2202.04981</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Axel Marmoret, Jérémy E. Cohen, Frédéric Bimbot</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Music Structure Analysis (MSA) consists in segmenting a music piece in several distinct sections. We approach MSA within a compression framework, under the hypothesis that the structure is more easily revealed by a simplified representation of the original content of the song.
  More specifically, under the hypothesis that MSA is correlated with similarities occurring at the bar scale, linear and non-linear compression schemes can be applied to barwise audio signals. Compressed representations capture the most salient components of the different bars in the song and are then used to infer the song structure using a dynamic programming algorithm.
  This work explores both low-rank approximation models such as Principal Component Analysis or Nonnegative Matrix Factorization and "piece-specific" Auto-Encoding Neural Networks, with the objective to learn latent representations specific to a given song. Such approaches do not rely on supervision nor annotations, which are well-known to be tedious to collect and possibly ambiguous in MSA description.
  In our experiments, several unsupervised compression schemes achieve a level of performance comparable to that of state-of-the-art supervised methods (for 3s tolerance) on the RWC-Pop dataset, showcasing the importance of the barwise compression processing for MSA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Case-based reasoning for rare events prediction on strategic sites</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04891">arxiv:2202.04891</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Vincent Vidal, Marie-Caroline Corbineau, Tugdual Ceillier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Satellite imagery is now widely used in the defense sector for monitoring locations of interest. Although the increasing amount of data enables pattern identification and therefore prediction, carrying this task manually is hardly feasible. We hereby propose a cased-based reasoning approach for automatic prediction of rare events on strategic sites. This method allows direct incorporation of expert knowledge, and is adapted to irregular time series and small-size datasets. Experiments are carried out on two use-cases using real satellite images: the prediction of submarines arrivals and departures from a naval base, and the forecasting of imminent rocket launches on two space bases. The proposed method significantly outperforms a random selection of reference cases on these challenging applications, showing its strong potential.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Survey on Artificial Intelligence for Source Code: A Dialogue Systems Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04847">arxiv:2202.04847</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Erfan Al-Hossami, Samira Shaikh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this survey paper, we overview major deep learning methods used in Natural Language Processing (NLP) and source code over the last 35 years. Next, we present a survey of the applications of Artificial Intelligence (AI) for source code, also known as Code Intelligence (CI) and Programming Language Processing (PLP). We survey over 287 publications and present a software-engineering centered taxonomy for CI placing each of the works into one category describing how it best assists the software development cycle. Then, we overview the field of conversational assistants and their applications in software engineering and education. Lastly, we highlight research opportunities at the intersection of AI for code and conversational assistants and provide future directions for researching conversational assistants with CI capabilities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Development and Comparison of Scoring Functions in Curriculum Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.06823">arxiv:2202.06823</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>H. Toprak Kesgin, M. Fatih Amasyali</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Curriculum Learning is the presentation of samples to the machine learning model in a meaningful order instead of a random order. The main challenge of Curriculum Learning is determining how to rank these samples. The ranking of the samples is expressed by the scoring function. In this study, scoring functions were compared using data set features, using the model to be trained, and using another model and their ensemble versions. Experiments were performed for 4 images and 4 text datasets. No significant differences were found between scoring functions for text datasets, but significant improvements were obtained in scoring functions created using transfer learning compared to classical model training and other scoring functions for image datasets. It shows that different new scoring functions are waiting to be found for text classification tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Survey on Programmatic Weak Supervision</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05433">arxiv:2202.05433</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jieyu Zhang, Cheng-Yu Hsieh, Yue Yu, Chao Zhang, Alexander Ratner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Labeling training data has become one of the major roadblocks to using machine learning. Among various weak supervision paradigms, programmatic weak supervision (PWS) has achieved remarkable success in easing the manual labeling bottleneck by programmatically synthesizing training labels from multiple potentially noisy supervision sources. This paper presents a comprehensive survey of recent advances in PWS. In particular, we give a brief introduction of the PWS learning paradigm, and review representative approaches for each component within PWS's learning workflow. In addition, we discuss complementary learning paradigms for tackling limited labeled data scenarios and how these related approaches can be used in conjunction with PWS. Finally, we identify several critical challenges that remain under-explored in the area to hopefully inspire future research directions in the field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Characterization of Semi-Supervised Adversarially-Robust PAC Learnability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05420">arxiv:2202.05420</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Idan Attias, Steve Hanneke, Yishay Mansour</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of semi-supervised learning of an adversarially-robust predictor in the PAC model, where the learner has access to both labeled and unlabeled examples. The sample complexity in semi-supervised learning has two parameters, the number of labeled examples and the number of unlabeled examples. We consider the complexity measures, $VC_U \leq dim_U \leq VC$ and $VC^*$, where $VC$ is the standard $VC$-dimension, $VC^*$ is its dual, and the other two measures appeared in Montasser et al. (2019). The best sample bound known for robust supervised PAC learning is $O(VC \cdot VC^*)$, and we will compare our sample bounds to $Λ$ which is the minimal number of labeled examples required by any robust supervised PAC learning algorithm. Our main results are the following: (1) in the realizable setting it is sufficient to have $O(VC_U)$ labeled examples and $O(Λ)$ unlabeled examples. (2) In the agnostic setting, let $η$ be the minimal agnostic error. The sample complexity depends on the resulting error rate. If we allow an error of $2η+ε$, it is still sufficient to have $O(VC_U)$ labeled examples and $O(Λ)$ unlabeled examples. If we insist on having an error $η+ε$ then $Ω(dim_U)$ labeled examples are necessary, as in the supervised case. The above results show that there is a significant benefit in semi-supervised robust learning, as there are hypothesis classes with $VC_U=0$ and $dim_U$ arbitrary large. In supervised learning, having access only to labeled examples requires at least $Λ\geq dim_U$ labeled examples. Semi-supervised require only $O(1)$ labeled examples and $O(Λ)$ unlabeled examples. A byproduct of our result is that if we assume that the distribution is robustly realizable by a hypothesis class, then with respect to the 0-1 loss we can learn with only $O(VC_U)$ labeled examples, even if the $VC$ is infinite.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Do People Engage Cognitively with AI? Impact of AI Assistance on Incidental Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05402">arxiv:2202.05402</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Krzysztof Z. Gajos, Lena Mamykina</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When people receive advice while making difficult decisions, they often make better decisions in the moment and also increase their knowledge in the process. However, such incidental learning can only occur when people cognitively engage with the information they receive and process this information thoughtfully. How do people process the information and advice they receive from AI, and do they engage with it deeply enough to enable learning? To answer these questions, we conducted three experiments in which individuals were asked to make nutritional decisions and received simulated AI recommendations and explanations. In the first experiment, we found that when people were presented with both a recommendation and an explanation before making their choice, they made better decisions than they did when they received no such help, but they did not learn. In the second experiment, participants first made their own choice, and only then saw a recommendation and an explanation from AI; this condition also resulted in improved decisions, but no learning. However, in our third experiment, participants were presented with just an AI explanation but no recommendation and had to arrive at their own decision. This condition led to both more accurate decisions and learning gains. We hypothesize that learning gains in this condition were due to deeper engagement with explanations needed to arrive at the decisions. This work provides some of the most direct evidence to date that it may not be sufficient to include explanations together with AI-generated recommendation to ensure that people engage carefully with the AI-provided information. This work also presents one technique that enables incidental learning and, by implication, can help people process AI recommendations and explanations more carefully.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Including Facial Expressions in Contextual Embeddings for Sign Language Generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05383">arxiv:2202.05383</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Carla Viegas, Mert İnan, Lorna Quandt, Malihe Alikhani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** State-of-the-art sign language generation frameworks lack expressivity and naturalness which is the result of only focusing manual signs, neglecting the affective, grammatical and semantic functions of facial expressions. The purpose of this work is to augment semantic representation of sign language through grounding facial expressions. We study the effect of modeling the relationship between text, gloss, and facial expressions on the performance of the sign generation systems. In particular, we propose a Dual Encoder Transformer able to generate manual signs as well as facial expressions by capturing the similarities and differences found in text and sign gloss annotation. We take into consideration the role of facial muscle activity to express intensities of manual signs by being the first to employ facial action units in sign language generation. We perform a series of experiments showing that our proposed model improves the quality of automatically generated sign language.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Personalization Improves Privacy-Accuracy Tradeoffs in Federated Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05318">arxiv:2202.05318</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Alberto Bietti, Chen-Yu Wei, Miroslav Dudik, John Langford, Zhiwei Steven Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large-scale machine learning systems often involve data distributed across a collection of users. Federated optimization algorithms leverage this structure by communicating model updates to a central server, rather than entire datasets. In this paper, we study stochastic optimization algorithms for a personalized federated learning setting involving local and global models subject to user-level (joint) differential privacy. While learning a private global model induces a cost of privacy, local learning is perfectly private. We show that coordinating local learning with private centralized learning yields a generically useful and improved tradeoff between accuracy and privacy. We illustrate our theoretical results with experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Characterizing and overcoming the greedy nature of learning in multi-modal deep neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05306">arxiv:2202.05306</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nan Wu, Stanisław Jastrzębski, Kyunghyun Cho, Krzysztof J. Geras</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We hypothesize that due to the greedy nature of learning in multi-modal deep neural networks, these models tend to rely on just one modality while under-fitting the other modalities. Such behavior is counter-intuitive and hurts the models' generalization, as we observe empirically. To estimate the model's dependence on each modality, we compute the gain on the accuracy when the model has access to it in addition to another modality. We refer to this gain as the conditional utilization rate. In the experiments, we consistently observe an imbalance in conditional utilization rates between modalities, across multiple tasks and architectures. Since conditional utilization rate cannot be computed efficiently during training, we introduce a proxy for it based on the pace at which the model learns from each modality, which we refer to as the conditional learning speed. We propose an algorithm to balance the conditional learning speeds between modalities during training and demonstrate that it indeed addresses the issue of greedy learning. The proposed algorithm improves the model's generalization on three datasets: Colored MNIST, Princeton ModelNet40, and NVIDIA Dynamic Hand Gesture.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Topogivity: A Machine-Learned Chemical Rule for Discovering Topological Materials</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05255">arxiv:2202.05255</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Andrew Ma, Yang Zhang, Thomas Christensen, Hoi Chun Po, Li Jing, Liang Fu, Marin Soljačić</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Topological materials present unconventional electronic properties that make them attractive for both basic science and next-generation technological applications. The majority of currently-known topological materials have been discovered using methods that involve symmetry-based analysis of the quantum wavefunction. Here we use machine learning to develop a simple-to-use heuristic chemical rule that diagnoses with a high accuracy whether a material is topological using only its chemical formula. This heuristic rule is based on a notion that we term topogivity, a machine-learned numerical value for each element that loosely captures its tendency to form topological materials. We next implement a high-throughput strategy for discovering topological materials based on the heuristic topogivity-rule prediction followed by ab initio validation. This way, we discover new topological materials that are not diagnosable using symmetry indicators, including several that may be promising for experimental observation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Benign-Overfitting in Conditional Average Treatment Effect Prediction with Linear Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05245">arxiv:2202.05245</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Masahiro Kato, Masaaki Imaizumi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the benign overfitting theory in the prediction of the conditional average treatment effect (CATE), with linear regression models. As the development of machine learning for causal inference, a wide range of large-scale models for causality are gaining attention. One problem is that suspicions have been raised that the large-scale models are prone to overfitting to observations with sample selection, hence the large models may not be suitable for causal prediction. In this study, to resolve the suspicious, we investigate on the validity of causal inference methods for overparameterized models, by applying the recent theory of benign overfitting (Bartlett et al., 2020). Specifically, we consider samples whose distribution switches depending on an assignment rule, and study the prediction of CATE with linear models whose dimension diverges to infinity. We focus on two methods: the T-learner, which based on a difference between separately constructed estimators with each treatment group, and the inverse probability weight (IPW)-learner, which solves another regression problem approximated by a propensity score. In both methods, the estimator consists of interpolators that fit the samples perfectly. As a result, we show that the T-learner fails to achieve the consistency except the random assignment, while the IPW-learner converges the risk to zero if the propensity score is known. This difference stems from that the T-learner is unable to preserve eigenspaces of the covariances, which is necessary for benign overfitting in the overparameterized setting. Our result provides new insights into the usage of causal inference methods in the overparameterizated setting, in particular, doubly robust estimators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>REvolveR: Continuous Evolutionary Models for Robot-to-robot Policy Transfer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05244">arxiv:2202.05244</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xingyu Liu, Deepak Pathak, Kris M. Kitani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A popular paradigm in robotic learning is to train a policy from scratch for every new robot. This is not only inefficient but also often impractical for complex robots. In this work, we consider the problem of transferring a policy across two different robots with significantly different parameters such as kinematics and morphology. Existing approaches that train a new policy by matching the action or state transition distribution, including imitation learning methods, fail due to optimal action and/or state distribution being mismatched in different robots. In this paper, we propose a novel method named $REvolveR$ of using continuous evolutionary models for robotic policy transfer implemented in a physics simulator. We interpolate between the source robot and the target robot by finding a continuous evolutionary change of robot parameters. An expert policy on the source robot is transferred through training on a sequence of intermediate robots that gradually evolve into the target robot. Experiments show that the proposed continuous evolutionary model can effectively transfer the policy across robots and achieve superior sample efficiency on new robots using a physics simulator. The proposed method is especially advantageous in sparse reward settings where exploration can be significantly reduced.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transferable and Adaptable Driving Behavior Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05140">arxiv:2202.05140</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Letian Wang, Yeping Hu, Liting Sun, Wei Zhan, Masayoshi Tomizuka, Changliu Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While autonomous vehicles still struggle to solve challenging situations during on-road driving, humans have long mastered the essence of driving with efficient, transferable, and adaptable driving capability. By mimicking humans' cognition model and semantic understanding during driving, we propose HATN, a hierarchical framework to generate high-quality, transferable, and adaptable predictions for driving behaviors in multi-agent dense-traffic environments. Our hierarchical method consists of a high-level intention identification policy and a low-level trajectory generation policy. We introduce a novel semantic sub-task definition and generic state representation for each sub-task. With these techniques, the hierarchical framework is transferable across different driving scenarios. Besides, our model is able to capture variations of driving behaviors among individuals and scenarios by an online adaptation module. We demonstrate our algorithms in the task of trajectory prediction for real traffic data at intersections and roundabouts from the INTERACTION dataset. Through extensive numerical studies, it is evident that our method significantly outperformed other methods in terms of prediction accuracy, transferability, and adaptability. Pushing the state-of-the-art performance by a considerable margin, we also provide a cognitive view of understanding the driving behavior behind such improvement. We highlight that in the future, more research attention and effort are deserved for transferability and adaptability. It is not only due to the promising performance elevation of prediction and planning algorithms, but more fundamentally, they are crucial for the scalable and general deployment of autonomous vehicles.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SUPA: A Lightweight Diagnostic Simulator for Machine Learning in Particle Physics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05012">arxiv:2202.05012</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Atul Kumar Sinha, Daniele Paliotta, Bálint Máté, Sebastian Pina-Otey, John A. Raine, Tobias Golling, François Fleuret</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning methods have gained popularity in high energy physics for fast modeling of particle showers in detectors. Detailed simulation frameworks such as the gold standard Geant4 are computationally intensive, and current deep generative architectures work on discretized, lower resolution versions of the detailed simulation. The development of models that work at higher spatial resolutions is currently hindered by the complexity of the full simulation data, and by the lack of simpler, more interpretable benchmarks. Our contribution is SUPA, the SUrrogate PArticle propagation simulator, an algorithm and software package for generating data by simulating simplified particle propagation, scattering and shower development in matter. The generation is extremely fast and easy to use compared to Geant4, but still exhibits the key characteristics and challenges of the detailed simulation. We support this claim experimentally by showing that performance of generative models on data from our simulator reflects the performance on a dataset generated with Geant4. The proposed simulator generates thousands of particle showers per second on a desktop machine, a speed up of up to 6 orders of magnitudes over Geant4, and stores detailed geometric information about the shower propagation. SUPA provides much greater flexibility for setting initial conditions and defining multiple benchmarks for the development of models. Moreover, interpreting particle showers as point clouds creates a connection to geometric machine learning and provides challenging and fundamentally new datasets for the field.
  The code for SUPA is available at https://github.com/itsdaniele/SUPA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalization Bounds via Convex Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04985">arxiv:2202.04985</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Gergely Neu, Gábor Lugosi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Since the celebrated works of Russo and Zou (2016,2019) and Xu and Raginsky (2017), it has been well known that the generalization error of supervised learning algorithms can be bounded in terms of the mutual information between their input and the output, given that the loss of any fixed hypothesis has a subgaussian tail. In this work, we generalize this result beyond the standard choice of Shannon's mutual information to measure the dependence between the input and the output. Our main result shows that it is indeed possible to replace the mutual information by any strongly convex function of the joint input-output distribution, with the subgaussianity condition on the losses replaced by a bound on an appropriately chosen norm capturing the geometry of the dependence measure. This allows us to derive a range of generalization bounds that are either entirely new or strengthen previously known ones. Examples include bounds stated in terms of $p$-norm divergences and the Wasserstein-2 distance, which are respectively applicable for heavy-tailed loss distributions and highly smooth loss functions. Our analysis is entirely based on elementary tools from convex analysis by tracking the growth of a potential function associated with the dependence measure and the loss function.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Feasible Low-thrust Trajectory Identification via a Deep Neural Network Classifier</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04962">arxiv:2202.04962</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ruida Xie, Andrew G. Dempster</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, deep learning techniques have been introduced into the field of trajectory optimization to improve convergence and speed. Training such models requires large trajectory datasets. However, the convergence of low thrust (LT) optimizations is unpredictable before the optimization process ends. For randomly initialized low thrust transfer data generation, most of the computation power will be wasted on optimizing infeasible low thrust transfers, which leads to an inefficient data generation process. This work proposes a deep neural network (DNN) classifier to accurately identify feasible LT transfer prior to the optimization process. The DNN-classifier achieves an overall accuracy of 97.9%, which has the best performance among the tested algorithms. The accurate low-thrust trajectory feasibility identification can avoid optimization on undesired samples, so that the majority of the optimized samples are LT trajectories that converge. This technique enables efficient dataset generation for different mission scenarios with different spacecraft configurations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Investigating Explainability of Generative AI for Code through Scenario-based Design</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04903">arxiv:2202.04903</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiao Sun, Q. Vera Liao, Michael Muller, Mayank Agarwal, Stephanie Houde, Kartik Talamadupula, Justin D. Weisz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** What does it mean for a generative AI model to be explainable? The emergent discipline of explainable AI (XAI) has made great strides in helping people understand discriminative models. Less attention has been paid to generative models that produce artifacts, rather than decisions, as output. Meanwhile, generative AI (GenAI) technologies are maturing and being applied to application domains such as software engineering. Using scenario-based design and question-driven XAI design approaches, we explore users' explainability needs for GenAI in three software engineering use cases: natural language to code, code translation, and code auto-completion. We conducted 9 workshops with 43 software engineers in which real examples from state-of-the-art generative AI models were used to elicit users' explainability needs. Drawing from prior work, we also propose 4 types of XAI features for GenAI for code and gathered additional design ideas from participants. Our work explores explainability needs for GenAI for code and demonstrates how human-centered approaches can drive the technical development of XAI in novel domains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving performance of aircraft detection in satellite imagery while limiting the labelling effort: Hybrid active learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04890">arxiv:2202.04890</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Julie Imbert, Gohar Dashyan, Alex Goupilleau, Tugdual Ceillier, Marie-Caroline Corbineau</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The earth observation industry provides satellite imagery with high spatial resolution and short revisit time.  To allow efficient operational employment of these images, automating certain tasks has become necessary.  In the defense domain, aircraft detection on satellite imagery is a valuable tool for analysts.  Obtaining high performance detectors on such a task can only be achieved by leveraging deep learning and thus us-ing a large amount of labeled data. To obtain labels of a high enough quality, the knowledge of military experts is needed.We propose a hybrid clustering active learning method to select the most relevant data to label, thus limiting the amount of data required and further improving the performances.  It combines diversity- and uncertainty-based active learning selection methods.  For aircraft detection by segmentation, we show that this method can provide better or competitive results compared to other active learning methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TaxoEnrich: Self-Supervised Taxonomy Completion via Structure-Semantic Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04887">arxiv:2202.04887</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Minhao Jiang, Xiangchen Song, Jieyu Zhang, Jiawei Han</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Taxonomies are fundamental to many real-world applications in various domains, serving as structural representations of knowledge. To deal with the increasing volume of new concepts needed to be organized as taxonomies, researchers turn to automatically completion of an existing taxonomy with new concepts. In this paper, we propose TaxoEnrich, a new taxonomy completion framework, which effectively leverages both semantic features and structural information in the existing taxonomy and offers a better representation of candidate position to boost the performance of taxonomy completion. Specifically, TaxoEnrich consists of four components: (1) taxonomy-contextualized embedding which incorporates both semantic meanings of concept and taxonomic relations based on powerful pretrained language models; (2) a taxonomy-aware sequential encoder which learns candidate position representations by encoding the structural information of taxonomy; (3) a query-aware sibling encoder which adaptively aggregates candidate siblings to augment candidate position representations based on their importance to the query-position matching; (4) a query-position matching model which extends existing work with our new candidate position representations. Extensive experiments on four large real-world datasets from different domains show that \TaxoEnrich achieves the best performance among all evaluation metrics and outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods by a large margin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distilling Hypernymy Relations from Language Models: On the Effectiveness of Zero-Shot Taxonomy Induction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04876">arxiv:2202.04876</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Devansh Jain, Luis Espinosa Anke</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we analyze zero-shot taxonomy learning methods which are based on distilling knowledge from language models via prompting and sentence scoring. We show that, despite their simplicity, these methods outperform some supervised strategies and are competitive with the current state-of-the-art under adequate conditions. We also show that statistical and linguistic properties of prompts dictate downstream performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Settling the Communication Complexity for Distributed Offline Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04862">arxiv:2202.04862</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Juliusz Krysztof Ziomek, Jun Wang, Yaodong Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study a novel setting in offline reinforcement learning (RL) where a number of distributed machines jointly cooperate to solve the problem but only one single round of communication is allowed and there is a budget constraint on the total number of information (in terms of bits) that each machine can send out. For value function prediction in contextual bandits, and both episodic and non-episodic MDPs, we establish information-theoretic lower bounds on the minimax risk for distributed statistical estimators; this reveals the minimum amount of communication required by any offline RL algorithms. Specifically, for contextual bandits, we show that the number of bits must scale at least as $Ω(AC)$ to match the centralised minimax optimal rate, where $A$ is the number of actions and $C$ is the context dimension; meanwhile, we reach similar results in the MDP settings. Furthermore, we develop learning algorithms based on least-squares estimates and Monte-Carlo return estimates and provide a sharp analysis showing that they can achieve optimal risk up to logarithmic factors. Additionally, we also show that temporal difference is unable to efficiently utilise information from all available devices under the single-round communication setting due to the initial bias of this method. To our best knowledge, this paper presents the first minimax lower bounds for distributed offline RL problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Posterior Consistency for Bayesian Relevance Vector Machines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05422">arxiv:2202.05422</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiao Fang, Malay Ghosh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Statistical modeling and inference problems with sample sizes substantially smaller than the number of available covariates are challenging. Chakraborty et al. (2012) did a full hierarchical Bayesian analysis of nonlinear regression in such situations using relevance vector machines based on reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS). But they did not provide any theoretical properties associated with their procedure. The present paper revisits their problem, introduces a new class of global-local priors different from theirs, and provides results on posterior consistency as well as posterior contraction rates

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The MeLa BitChute Dataset</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05364">arxiv:2202.05364</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Milo Trujillo, Maurício Gruppi, Cody Buntain, Benjamin D. Horne</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we present a near-complete dataset of over 3M videos from 61K channels over 2.5 years (June 2019 to December 2021) from the social video hosting platform BitChute, a commonly used alternative to YouTube. Additionally, we include a variety of video-level metadata, including comments, channel descriptions, and views for each video. The MeLa-BitChute dataset can be found at: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/KRD1VS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Coded ResNeXt: a network for designing disentangled information paths</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05343">arxiv:2202.05343</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Apostolos Avranas, Marios Kountouris</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To avoid treating neural networks as highly complex black boxes, the deep learning research community has tried to build interpretable models allowing humans to understand the decisions taken by the model. Unfortunately, the focus is mostly on manipulating only the very high-level features associated with the last layers. In this work, we look at neural network architectures for classification in a more general way and introduce an algorithm which defines before the training the paths of the network through which the per-class information flows. We show that using our algorithm we can extract a lighter single-purpose binary classifier for a particular class by removing the parameters that do not participate in the predefined information path of that class, which is approximately 60% of the total parameters. Notably, leveraging coding theory to design the information paths enables us to use intermediate network layers for making early predictions without having to evaluate the full network. We demonstrate that a slightly modified ResNeXt model, trained with our algorithm, can achieve higher classification accuracy on CIFAR-10/100 and ImageNet than the original ResNeXt, while having all the aforementioned properties.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accountability in an Algorithmic Society: Relationality, Responsibility, and Robustness in Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05338">arxiv:2202.05338</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>A. Feder Cooper, Benjamin Laufer, Emanuel Moss, Helen Nissenbaum</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In 1996, philosopher Helen Nissenbaum issued a clarion call concerning the erosion of accountability in society due to the ubiquitous delegation of consequential functions to computerized systems. Using the conceptual framing of moral blame, Nissenbaum described four types of barriers to accountability that computerization presented: 1) "many hands," the problem of attributing moral responsibility for outcomes caused by many moral actors; 2) "bugs," a way software developers might shrug off responsibility by suggesting software errors are unavoidable; 3) "computer as scapegoat," shifting blame to computer systems as if they were moral actors; and 4) "ownership without liability," a free pass to the tech industry to deny responsibility for the software they produce. We revisit these four barriers in relation to the recent ascendance of data-driven algorithmic systems--technology often folded under the heading of machine learning (ML) or artificial intelligence (AI)--to uncover the new challenges for accountability that these systems present. We then look ahead to how one might construct and justify a moral, relational framework for holding responsible parties accountable, and argue that the FAccT community is uniquely well-positioned to develop such a framework to weaken the four barriers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamic Background Subtraction by Generative Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05336">arxiv:2202.05336</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Fateme Bahri, Nilanjan Ray</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Background subtraction is a significant task in computer vision and an essential step for many real world applications. One of the challenges for background subtraction methods is dynamic background, which constitute stochastic movements in some parts of the background. In this paper, we have proposed a new background subtraction method, called DBSGen, which uses two generative neural networks, one for dynamic motion removal and another for background generation. At the end, the foreground moving objects are obtained by a pixel-wise distance threshold based on a dynamic entropy map. The proposed method has a unified framework that can be optimized in an end-to-end and unsupervised fashion. The performance of the method is evaluated over dynamic background sequences and it outperforms most of state-of-the-art methods. Our code is publicly available at https://github.com/FatemeBahri/DBSGen.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mining the manifolds of deep generative models for multiple data-consistent solutions of ill-posed tomographic imaging problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05311">arxiv:2202.05311</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sayantan Bhadra, Umberto Villa, Mark A. Anastasio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tomographic imaging is in general an ill-posed inverse problem. Typically, a single regularized image estimate of the sought-after object is obtained from tomographic measurements. However, there may be multiple objects that are all consistent with the same measurement data. The ability to generate such alternate solutions is important because it may enable new assessments of imaging systems. In principle, this can be achieved by means of posterior sampling methods. In recent years, deep neural networks have been employed for posterior sampling with promising results. However, such methods are not yet for use with large-scale tomographic imaging applications. On the other hand, empirical sampling methods may be computationally feasible for large-scale imaging systems and enable uncertainty quantification for practical applications. Empirical sampling involves solving a regularized inverse problem within a stochastic optimization framework in order to obtain alternate data-consistent solutions. In this work, we propose a new empirical sampling method that computes multiple solutions of a tomographic inverse problem that are consistent with the same acquired measurement data. The method operates by repeatedly solving an optimization problem in the latent space of a style-based generative adversarial network (StyleGAN), and was inspired by the Photo Upsampling via Latent Space Exploration (PULSE) method that was developed for super-resolution tasks. The proposed method is demonstrated and analyzed via numerical studies that involve two stylized tomographic imaging modalities. These studies establish the ability of the method to perform efficient empirical sampling and uncertainty quantification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Universal Learning Waveform Selection Strategies for Adaptive Target Tracking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05294">arxiv:2202.05294</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Charles E. Thornton, R. Michael Buehrer, Harpreet S. Dhillon, Anthony F. Martone</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Online selection of optimal waveforms for target tracking with active sensors has long been a problem of interest. Many conventional solutions utilize an estimation-theoretic interpretation, in which a waveform-specific Cramér-Rao lower bound on measurement error is used to select the optimal waveform for each tracking step. However, this approach is only valid in the high SNR regime, and requires a rather restrictive set of assumptions regarding the target motion and measurement models. Further, due to computational concerns, many traditional approaches are limited to near-term, or myopic, optimization, even though radar scenes exhibit strong temporal correlation. More recently, reinforcement learning has been proposed for waveform selection, in which the problem is framed as a Markov decision process (MDP), allowing for long-term planning. However, a major limitation of reinforcement learning is that the memory length of the underlying Markov process is often unknown for realistic target and channel dynamics, and a more general framework is desirable. This work develops a universal sequential waveform selection scheme which asymptotically achieves Bellman optimality in any radar scene which can be modeled as a $U^{\text{th}}$ order Markov process for a finite, but unknown, integer $U$. Our approach is based on well-established tools from the field of universal source coding, where a stationary source is parsed into variable length phrases in order to build a context-tree, which is used as a probabalistic model for the scene's behavior. We show that an algorithm based on a multi-alphabet version of the Context-Tree Weighting (CTW) method can be used to optimally solve a broad class of waveform-agile tracking problems while making minimal assumptions about the environment's behavior.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Translation and Rotation Equivariant Normalizing Flow (TRENF) for Optimal Cosmological Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05282">arxiv:2202.05282</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Biwei Dai, Uros Seljak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Our universe is homogeneous and isotropic, and its perturbations obey translation and rotation symmetry. In this work we develop Translation and Rotation Equivariant Normalizing Flow (TRENF), a generative Normalizing Flow (NF) model which explicitly incorporates these symmetries, defining the data likelihood via a sequence of Fourier space-based convolutions and pixel-wise nonlinear transforms. TRENF gives direct access to the high dimensional data likelihood p(x|y) as a function of the labels y, such as cosmological parameters. In contrast to traditional analyses based on summary statistics, the NF approach has no loss of information since it preserves the full dimensionality of the data. On Gaussian random fields, the TRENF likelihood agrees well with the analytical expression and saturates the Fisher information content in the labels y. On nonlinear cosmological overdensity fields from N-body simulations, TRENF leads to significant improvements in constraining power over the standard power spectrum summary statistic. TRENF is also a generative model of the data, and we show that TRENF samples agree well with the N-body simulations it trained on, and that the inverse mapping of the data agrees well with a Gaussian white noise both visually and on various summary statistics: when this is perfectly achieved the resulting p(x|y) likelihood analysis becomes optimal. Finally, we develop a generalization of this model that can handle effects that break the symmetry of the data, such as the survey mask, which enables likelihood analysis on data without periodic boundaries.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Deep Learning Approach for Digital ColorReconstruction of Lenticular Films</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05270">arxiv:2202.05270</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Stefano D'Aronco, Giorgio Trumpy, David Pfluger, Jan Dirk Wegner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose the first accurate digitization and color reconstruction process for historical lenticular film that is robust to artifacts. Lenticular films emerged in the 1920s and were one of the first technologies that permitted to capture full color information in motion. The technology leverages an RGB filter and cylindrical lenticules embossed on the film surface to encode the color in the horizontal spatial dimension of the image. To project the pictures the encoding process was reversed using an appropriate analog device. In this work, we introduce an automated, fully digital pipeline to process the scan of lenticular films and colorize the image. Our method merges deep learning with a model-based approach in order to maximize the performance while making sure that the reconstructed colored images truthfully match the encoded color information. Our model employs different strategies to achieve an effective color reconstruction, in particular (i) we use data augmentation to create a robust lenticule segmentation network, (ii) we fit the lenticules raster prediction to obtain a precise vectorial lenticule localization, and (iii) we train a colorization network that predicts interpolation coefficients in order to obtain a truthful colorization. We validate the proposed method on a lenticular film dataset and compare it to other approaches. Since no colored groundtruth is available as reference, we conduct a user study to validate our method in a subjective manner. The results of the study show that the proposed method is largely preferred with respect to other existing and baseline methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Plug-and-Play Approach to Multiparametric Quantitative MRI: Image Reconstruction using Pre-Trained Deep Denoisers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05269">arxiv:2202.05269</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ketan Fatania, Carolin M. Pirkl, Marion I. Menzel, Peter Hall, Mohammad Golbabaee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Current spatiotemporal deep learning approaches to Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting (MRF) build artefact-removal models customised to a particular k-space subsampling pattern which is used for fast (compressed) acquisition. This may not be useful when the acquisition process is unknown during training of the deep learning model and/or changes during testing time. This paper proposes an iterative deep learning plug-and-play reconstruction approach to MRF which is adaptive to the forward acquisition process. Spatiotemporal image priors are learned by an image denoiser i.e. a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), trained to remove generic white gaussian noise (not a particular subsampling artefact) from data. This CNN denoiser is then used as a data-driven shrinkage operator within the iterative reconstruction algorithm. This algorithm with the same denoiser model is then tested on two simulated acquisition processes with distinct subsampling patterns. The results show consistent de-aliasing performance against both acquisition schemes and accurate mapping of tissues' quantitative bio-properties. Software available: https://github.com/ketanfatania/QMRI-PnP-Recon-POC

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptive and Robust Multi-task Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05250">arxiv:2202.05250</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yaqi Duan, Kaizheng Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the multi-task learning problem that aims to simultaneously analyze multiple datasets collected from different sources and learn one model for each of them. We propose a family of adaptive methods that automatically utilize possible similarities among those tasks while carefully handling their differences. We derive sharp statistical guarantees for the methods and prove their robustness against outlier tasks. Numerical experiments on synthetic and real datasets demonstrate the efficacy of our new methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Remote Contextual Bandits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05182">arxiv:2202.05182</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Francesco Pase, Deniz Gunduz, Michele Zorzi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider a remote contextual multi-armed bandit (CMAB) problem, in which the decision-maker observes the context and the reward, but must communicate the actions to be taken by the agents over a rate-limited communication channel. This can model, for example, a personalized ad placement application, where the content owner observes the individual visitors to its website, and hence has the context information, but must convey the ads that must be shown to each visitor to a separate entity that manages the marketing content. In this remote CMAB (R-CMAB) problem, the constraint on the communication rate between the decision-maker and the agents imposes a trade-off between the number of bits sent per agent and the acquired average reward. We are particularly interested in characterizing the rate required to achieve sub-linear regret. Consequently, this can be considered as a policy compression problem, where the distortion metric is induced by the learning objectives. We first study the fundamental information theoretic limits of this problem by letting the number of agents go to infinity, and study the regret achieved when Thompson sampling strategy is adopted. In particular, we identify two distinct rate regions resulting in linear and sub-linear regret behavior, respectively. Then, we provide upper bounds on the achievable regret when the decision-maker can reliably transmit the policy without distortion.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Feature-level augmentation to improve robustness of deep neural networks to affine transformations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05152">arxiv:2202.05152</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Adrian Sandru, Mariana-Iuliana Georgescu, Radu Tudor Ionescu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies revealed that convolutional neural networks do not generalize well to small image transformations, e.g. rotations by a few degrees or translations of a few pixels. To improve the robustness to such transformations, we propose to introduce data augmentation at intermediate layers of the neural architecture, in addition to the common data augmentation applied on the input images. By introducing small perturbations to activation maps (features) at various levels, we develop the capacity of the neural network to cope with such transformations. We conduct experiments on three image classification benchmarks (Tiny ImageNet, Caltech-256 and Food-101), considering two different convolutional architectures (ResNet-18 and DenseNet-121). When compared with two state-of-the-art stabilization methods, the empirical results show that our approach consistently attains the best trade-off between accuracy and mean flip rate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Probabilistic learning inference of boundary value problem with uncertainties based on Kullback-Leibler divergence under implicit constraints</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05112">arxiv:2202.05112</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Christian Soize</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In a first part, we present a mathematical analysis of a general methodology of a probabilistic learning inference that allows for estimating a posterior probability model for a stochastic boundary value problem from a prior probability model. The given targets are statistical moments for which the underlying realizations are not available. Under these conditions, the Kullback-Leibler divergence minimum principle is used for estimating the posterior probability measure. A statistical surrogate model of the implicit mapping, which represents the constraints, is introduced. The MCMC generator and the necessary numerical elements are given to facilitate the implementation of the methodology in a parallel computing framework. In a second part, an application is presented to illustrate the proposed theory and is also, as such, a contribution to the three-dimensional stochastic homogenization of heterogeneous linear elastic media in the case of a non-separation of the microscale and macroscale. For the construction of the posterior probability measure by using the probabilistic learning inference, in addition to the constraints defined by given statistical moments of the random effective elasticity tensor, the second-order moment of the random normalized residue of the stochastic partial differential equation has been added as a constraint. This constraint guarantees that the algorithm seeks to bring the statistical moments closer to their targets while preserving a small residue.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AD-NEGF: An End-to-End Differentiable Quantum Transport Simulator for Sensitivity Analysis and Inverse Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05098">arxiv:2202.05098</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yingzhanghao Zhou, Xiang Chen, Peng Zhang, Jun Wang, Lei Wang, Hong Guo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Since proposed in the 70s, the Non-Equilibrium Green Function (NEGF) method has been recognized as a standard approach to quantum transport simulations. Although it achieves superiority in simulation accuracy, the tremendous computational cost makes it unbearable for high-throughput simulation tasks such as sensitivity analysis, inverse design, etc. In this work, we propose AD-NEGF, to our best knowledge the first end-to-end differentiable NEGF model for quantum transport simulations. We implement the entire numerical process in PyTorch, and design customized backward pass with implicit layer techniques, which provides gradient information at an affordable cost while guaranteeing the correctness of the forward simulation. The proposed model is validated with applications in calculating differential physical quantities, empirical parameter fitting, and doping optimization, which demonstrates its capacity to accelerate the material design process by conducting gradient-based parameter optimization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Two-Stage Deep Anomaly Detection with Heterogeneous Time Series Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05093">arxiv:2202.05093</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kyeong-Joong Jeong, Jin-Duk Park, Kyusoon Hwang, Seong-Lyun Kim, Won-Yong Shin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a data-driven anomaly detection framework using a manufacturing dataset collected from a factory assembly line. Given heterogeneous time series data consisting of operation cycle signals and sensor signals, we aim at discovering abnormal events. Motivated by our empirical findings that conventional single-stage benchmark approaches may not exhibit satisfactory performance under our challenging circumstances, we propose a two-stage deep anomaly detection (TDAD) framework in which two different unsupervised learning models are adopted depending on types of signals. In Stage I, we select anomaly candidates by using a model trained by operation cycle signals; in Stage II, we finally detect abnormal events out of the candidates by using another model, which is suitable for taking advantage of temporal continuity, trained by sensor signals. A distinguishable feature of our framework is that operation cycle signals are exploited first to find likely anomalous points, whereas sensor signals are leveraged to filter out unlikely anomalous points afterward. Our experiments comprehensively demonstrate the superiority over single-stage benchmark approaches, the model-agnostic property, and the robustness to difficult situations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Equivariance Regularization for Image Reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05062">arxiv:2202.05062</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Junqi Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we propose Regularization-by-Equivariance (REV), a novel structure-adaptive regularization scheme for solving imaging inverse problems under incomplete measurements. This regularization scheme utilizes the equivariant structure in the physics of the measurements -- which is prevalent in many inverse problems such as tomographic image reconstruction -- to mitigate the ill-poseness of the inverse problem. Our proposed scheme can be applied in a plug-and-play manner alongside with any classic first-order optimization algorithm such as the accelerated gradient descent/FISTA for simplicity and fast convergence. The numerical experiments in sparse-view X-ray CT image reconstruction tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fair When Trained, Unfair When Deployed: Observable Fairness Measures are Unstable in Performative Prediction Settings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05049">arxiv:2202.05049</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alan Mishler, Niccolò Dalmasso</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many popular algorithmic fairness measures depend on the joint distribution of predictions, outcomes, and a sensitive feature like race or gender. These measures are sensitive to distribution shift: a predictor which is trained to satisfy one of these fairness definitions may become unfair if the distribution changes. In performative prediction settings, however, predictors are precisely intended to induce distribution shift. For example, in many applications in criminal justice, healthcare, and consumer finance, the purpose of building a predictor is to reduce the rate of adverse outcomes such as recidivism, hospitalization, or default on a loan. We formalize the effect of such predictors as a type of concept shift-a particular variety of distribution shift-and show both theoretically and via simulated examples how this causes predictors which are fair when they are trained to become unfair when they are deployed. We further show how many of these issues can be avoided by using fairness definitions that depend on counterfactual rather than observable outcomes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AA-TransUNet: Attention Augmented TransUNet For Nowcasting Tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04996">arxiv:2202.04996</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yimin Yang, Siamak Mehrkanoon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data driven modeling based approaches have recently gained a lot of attention in many challenging meteorological applications including weather element forecasting. This paper introduces a novel data-driven predictive model based on TransUNet for precipitation nowcasting task. The TransUNet model which combines the Transformer and U-Net models has been previously successfully applied in medical segmentation tasks. Here, TransUNet is used as a core model and is further equipped with Convolutional Block Attention Modules (CBAM) and Depthwise-separable Convolution (DSC). The proposed Attention Augmented TransUNet (AA-TransUNet) model is evaluated on two distinct datasets: the Dutch precipitation map dataset and the French cloud cover dataset. The obtained results show that the proposed model outperforms other examined models on both tested datasets. Furthermore, the uncertainty analysis of the proposed AA-TransUNet is provided to give additional insights on its predictions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mixture-of-Rookies: Saving DNN Computations by Predicting ReLU Outputs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04990">arxiv:2202.04990</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dennis Pinto, Jose-María Arnau, Antonio González</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are widely used in many applications domains. However, they require a vast amount of computations and memory accesses to deliver outstanding accuracy. In this paper, we propose a scheme to predict whether the output of each ReLu activated neuron will be a zero or a positive number in order to skip the computation of those neurons that will likely output a zero. Our predictor, named Mixture-of-Rookies, combines two inexpensive components. The first one exploits the high linear correlation between binarized (1-bit) and full-precision (8-bit) dot products, whereas the second component clusters together neurons that tend to output zero at the same time. We propose a novel clustering scheme based on the analysis of angles, as the sign of the dot product of two vectors depends on the cosine of the angle between them. We implement our hybrid zero output predictor on top of a state-of-the-art DNN accelerator. Experimental results show that our scheme introduces a small area overhead of 5.3% while achieving a speedup of 1.2x and reducing energy consumption by 16.5% on average for a set of diverse DNNs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Off-Policy Fitted Q-Evaluation with Differentiable Function Approximators: Z-Estimation and Inference Theory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04970">arxiv:2202.04970</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ruiqi Zhang, Xuezhou Zhang, Chengzhuo Ni, Mengdi Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Off-Policy Evaluation (OPE) serves as one of the cornerstones in Reinforcement Learning (RL). Fitted Q Evaluation (FQE) with various function approximators, especially deep neural networks, has gained practical success. While statistical analysis has proved FQE to be minimax-optimal with tabular, linear and several nonparametric function families, its practical performance with more general function approximator is less theoretically understood. We focus on FQE with general differentiable function approximators, making our theory applicable to neural function approximations. We approach this problem using the Z-estimation theory and establish the following results: The FQE estimation error is asymptotically normal with explicit variance determined jointly by the tangent space of the function class at the ground truth, the reward structure, and the distribution shift due to off-policy learning; The finite-sample FQE error bound is dominated by the same variance term, and it can also be bounded by function class-dependent divergence, which measures how the off-policy distribution shift intertwines with the function approximator. In addition, we study bootstrapping FQE estimators for error distribution inference and estimating confidence intervals, accompanied by a Cramer-Rao lower bound that matches our upper bounds. The Z-estimation analysis provides a generalizable theoretical framework for studying off-policy estimation in RL and provides sharp statistical theory for FQE with differentiable function approximators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Collaborative Filtering with Attribution Alignment for Review-based Non-overlapped Cross Domain Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04920">arxiv:2202.04920</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Weiming Liu, Xiaolin Zheng, Mengling Hu, Chaochao Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cross-Domain Recommendation (CDR) has been popularly studied to utilize different domain knowledge to solve the data sparsity and cold-start problem in recommender systems. In this paper, we focus on the Review-based Non-overlapped Recommendation (RNCDR) problem. The problem is commonly-existed and challenging due to two main aspects, i.e, there are only positive user-item ratings on the target domain and there is no overlapped user across different domains. Most previous CDR approaches cannot solve the RNCDR problem well, since (1) they cannot effectively combine review with other information (e.g., ID or ratings) to obtain expressive user or item embedding, (2) they cannot reduce the domain discrepancy on users and items. To fill this gap, we propose Collaborative Filtering with Attribution Alignment model (CFAA), a cross-domain recommendation framework for the RNCDR problem. CFAA includes two main modules, i.e., rating prediction module and embedding attribution alignment module. The former aims to jointly mine review, one-hot ID, and multi-hot historical ratings to generate expressive user and item embeddings. The later includes vertical attribution alignment and horizontal attribution alignment, tending to reduce the discrepancy based on multiple perspectives. Our empirical study on Douban and Amazon datasets demonstrates that CFAA significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art models under the RNCDR setting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Heterogeneous Calibration: A post-hoc model-agnostic framework for improved generalization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04837">arxiv:2202.04837</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>David Durfee, Aman Gupta, Kinjal Basu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce the notion of heterogeneous calibration that applies a post-hoc model-agnostic transformation to model outputs for improving AUC performance on binary classification tasks. We consider overconfident models, whose performance is significantly better on training vs test data and give intuition onto why they might under-utilize moderately effective simple patterns in the data. We refer to these simple patterns as heterogeneous partitions of the feature space and show theoretically that perfectly calibrating each partition separately optimizes AUC. This gives a general paradigm of heterogeneous calibration as a post-hoc procedure by which heterogeneous partitions of the feature space are identified through tree-based algorithms and post-hoc calibration techniques are applied to each partition to improve AUC. While the theoretical optimality of this framework holds for any model, we focus on deep neural networks (DNNs) and test the simplest instantiation of this paradigm on a variety of open-source datasets. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of this framework and the future potential for applying higher-performing partitioning schemes along with more effective calibration techniques.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Motif-topology and Reward-learning improved Spiking Neural Network for Efficient Multi-sensory Integration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.06821">arxiv:2202.06821</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shuncheng Jia, Ruichen Zuo, Tielin Zhang, Hongxing Liu, Bo Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Network architectures and learning principles are key in forming complex functions in artificial neural networks (ANNs) and spiking neural networks (SNNs). SNNs are considered the new-generation artificial networks by incorporating more biological features than ANNs, including dynamic spiking neurons, functionally specified architectures, and efficient learning paradigms. In this paper, we propose a Motif-topology and Reward-learning improved SNN (MR-SNN) for efficient multi-sensory integration. MR-SNN contains 13 types of 3-node Motif topologies which are first extracted from independent single-sensory learning paradigms and then integrated for multi-sensory classification. The experimental results showed higher accuracy and stronger robustness of the proposed MR-SNN than other conventional SNNs without using Motifs. Furthermore, the proposed reward learning paradigm was biologically plausible and can better explain the cognitive McGurk effect caused by incongruent visual and auditory sensory signals.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainable Machine Learning for Breakdown Prediction in High Gradient RF Cavities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05610">arxiv:2202.05610</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Christoph Obermair, Thomas Cartier-Michaud, Andrea Apollonio, William Millar, Lukas Felsberger, Lorenz Fischl, Holger Severin Bovbjerg, Daniel Wollmann, Walter Wuensch, Nuria Catalan-Lasheras, Marçà Boronat, Franz Pernkopf, Graeme Burt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Radio Frequency (RF) breakdowns are one of the most prevalent limiting factors in RF cavities for particle accelerators. During a breakdown, field enhancement associated with small deformations on the cavity surface results in electrical arcs. Such arcs lead to beam aborts, reduce machine availability and can cause irreparable damage on the RF cavity surface. In this paper, we propose a machine learning strategy to discover breakdown precursors in CERN's Compact Linear Collider (CLIC) accelerating structures. By interpreting the parameters of the learned models with explainable Artificial Intelligence (AI), we reverse-engineer physical properties for deriving fast, reliable, and simple rule based models. Based on 6 months of historical data and dedicated experiments, our models show fractions of data with high influence on the occurrence of breakdowns. Specifically, it is shown that in many cases a rise of the vacuum pressure is observed before a breakdown is detected with the current interlock sensors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DDoS-UNet: Incorporating temporal information using Dynamic Dual-channel UNet for enhancing super-resolution of dynamic MRI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05355">arxiv:2202.05355</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Soumick Chatterjee, Chompunuch Sarasaen, Georg Rose, Andreas Nürnberger, Oliver Speck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) provides high spatial resolution and excellent soft-tissue contrast without using harmful ionising radiation. Dynamic MRI is an essential tool for interventions to visualise movements or changes of the target organ. However, such MRI acquisition with high temporal resolution suffers from limited spatial resolution - also known as the spatio-temporal trade-off of dynamic MRI. Several approaches, including deep learning based super-resolution approaches, have been proposed to mitigate this trade-off. Nevertheless, such an approach typically aims to super-resolve each time-point separately, treating them as individual volumes. This research addresses the problem by creating a deep learning model which attempts to learn both spatial and temporal relationships. A modified 3D UNet model, DDoS-UNet, is proposed - which takes the low-resolution volume of the current time-point along with a prior image volume. Initially, the network is supplied with a static high-resolution planning scan as the prior image along with the low-resolution input to super-resolve the first time-point. Then it continues step-wise by using the super-resolved time-points as the prior image while super-resolving the subsequent time-points. The model performance was tested with 3D dynamic data that was undersampled to different in-plane levels. The proposed network achieved an average SSIM value of 0.951$\pm$0.017 while reconstructing the lowest resolution data (i.e. only 4\% of the k-space acquired) - which could result in a theoretical acceleration factor of 25. The proposed approach can be used to reduce the required scan-time while achieving high spatial resolution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimal Transport for Super Resolution Applied to Astronomy Imaging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05354">arxiv:2202.05354</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Michael Rawson, Jakob Hultgren</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Super resolution is an essential tool in optics, especially on interstellar scales, due to physical laws restricting possible imaging resolution. We propose using optimal transport and entropy for super resolution applications. We prove that the reconstruction is accurate when sparsity is known and noise or distortion is small enough. We prove that the optimizer is stable and robust to noise and perturbations. We compare this method to a state of the art convolutional neural network and get similar results for much less computational cost and greater methodological flexibility.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On One-Bit Quantization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05292">arxiv:2202.05292</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sourbh Bhadane, Aaron B. Wagner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the one-bit quantizer that minimizes the mean squared error for a source living in a real Hilbert space. The optimal quantizer is a projection followed by a thresholding operation, and we provide methods for identifying the optimal direction along which to project. As an application of our methods, we characterize the optimal one-bit quantizer for a continuous-time random process that exhibits low-dimensional structure. We numerically show that this optimal quantizer is found by a neural-network-based compressor trained via stochastic gradient descent.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transfer-Learning Across Datasets with Different Input Dimensions: An Algorithm and Analysis for the Linear Regression Case</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05069">arxiv:2202.05069</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Luis Pedro Silvestrin, Harry van Zanten, Mark Hoogendoorn, Ger Koole</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the development of new sensors and monitoring devices, more sources of data become available to be used as inputs for machine learning models. These can on the one hand help to improve the accuracy of a model. On the other hand however, combining these new inputs with historical data remains a challenge that has not yet been studied in enough detail. In this work, we propose a transfer-learning algorithm that combines the new and the historical data, that is especially beneficial when the new data is scarce. We focus the approach on the linear regression case, which allows us to conduct a rigorous theoretical study on the benefits of the approach. We show that our approach is robust against negative transfer-learning, and we confirm this result empirically with real and simulated data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Random Forests Weighted Local Fréchet Regression with Theoretical Guarantee</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.04912">arxiv:2202.04912</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Rui Qiu, Zhou Yu, Ruoqing Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Statistical analysis is increasingly confronted with complex data from general metric spaces, such as symmetric positive definite matrix-valued data and probability distribution functions. [47] and [17] establish a general paradigm of Fréchet regression with complex metric space valued responses and Euclidean predictors. However, their proposed local Fréchet regression approach involves nonparametric kernel smoothing and suffers from the curse of dimensionality. To address this issue, we in this paper propose a novel random forests weighted local Fréchet regression paradigm. The main mechanism of our approach relies on the adaptive kernels generated by random forests. Our first method utilizes these weights as the local average to solve the Fréchet mean, while the second method performs local linear Fréchet regression, making both methods locally adaptive. Our proposals significantly improve existing Fréchet regression methods. Based on the theory of infinite order U-processes and infinite order Mmn-estimator, we establish the consistency, rate of convergence, and asymptotic normality for our proposed random forests weighted Fréchet regression estimator, which covers the current large sample theory of random forests with Euclidean responses as a special case. Numerical studies show the superiority of our proposed two methods for Fréchet regression with several commonly encountered types of responses such as probability distribution functions, symmetric positive definite matrices, and sphere data. The practical merits of our proposals are also demonstrated through the application to the human mortality distribution data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dual Task Framework for Improving Persona-grounded Dialogue Dataset</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05435">arxiv:2202.05435</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Minju Kim, Beong-woo Kwak, Youngwook Kim, Hong-in Lee, Seung-won Hwang, Jinyoung Yeo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper introduces a simple yet effective data-centric approach for the task of improving persona-conditioned dialogue agents. Prior model-centric approaches unquestioningly depend on the raw crowdsourced benchmark datasets such as Persona-Chat. In contrast, we aim to fix annotation artifacts in benchmarking, which is orthogonally applicable to any dialogue model. Specifically, we augment relevant personas to improve dialogue dataset/agent, by leveraging the primal-dual structure of the two tasks, predicting dialogue responses and personas based on each other. Experiments on Persona-Chat show that our approach outperforms pre-trained LMs by an 11.7 point gain in terms of accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>P-split formulations: A class of intermediate formulations between big-M and convex hull for disjunctive constraints</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05198">arxiv:2202.05198</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Jan Kronqvist, Ruth Misener, Calvin Tsay</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a class of mixed-integer formulations for disjunctive constraints intermediate to the big-M and convex hull formulations in terms of relaxation strength. The main idea is to capture the best of both the big-M and convex hull formulations: a computationally light formulation with a tight relaxation. The "$P$-split" formulations are based on a lifted transformation that splits convex additively separable constraints into $P$ partitions and forms the convex hull of the linearized and partitioned disjunction. We analyze the continuous relaxation of the $P$-split formulations and show that, under certain assumptions, the formulations form a hierarchy starting from a big-M equivalent and converging to the convex hull. The goal of the $P$-split formulations is to form a strong approximation of the convex hull through a computationally simpler formulation. We computationally compare the $P$-split formulations against big-M and convex hull formulations on 320 test instances. The test problems include K-means clustering, P_ball problems, and optimization over trained ReLU neural networks. The computational results show promising potential of the $P$-split formulations. For many of the test problems, $P$-split formulations are solved with a similar number of explored nodes as the convex hull formulation, while reducing the solution time by an order of magnitude and outperforming big-M both in time and number of explored nodes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unaligned but Safe -- Formally Compensating Performance Limitations for Imprecise 2D Object Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05123">arxiv:2202.05123</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Tobias Schuster, Emmanouil Seferis, Simon Burton, Chih-Hong Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we consider the imperfection within machine learning-based 2D object detection and its impact on safety. We address a special sub-type of performance limitations: the prediction bounding box cannot be perfectly aligned with the ground truth, but the computed Intersection-over-Union metric is always larger than a given threshold. Under such type of performance limitation, we formally prove the minimum required bounding box enlargement factor to cover the ground truth. We then demonstrate that the factor can be mathematically adjusted to a smaller value, provided that the motion planner takes a fixed-length buffer in making its decisions. Finally, observing the difference between an empirically measured enlargement factor and our formally derived worst-case enlargement factor offers an interesting connection between the quantitative evidence (demonstrated by statistics) and the qualitative evidence (demonstrated by worst-case analysis).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Low-Rank Approximation with $1/ε^{1/3}$ Matrix-Vector Products</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05120">arxiv:2202.05120</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Ainesh Bakshi, Kenneth L. Clarkson, David P. Woodruff</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study iterative methods based on Krylov subspaces for low-rank approximation under any Schatten-$p$ norm. Here, given access to a matrix $A$ through matrix-vector products, an accuracy parameter $ε$, and a target rank $k$, the goal is to find a rank-$k$ matrix $Z$ with orthonormal columns such that $\| A(I -ZZ^\top)\|_{S_p} \leq (1+ε)\min_{U^\top U = I_k} \|A(I - U U^\top)\|_{S_p}$, where $\|M\|_{S_p}$ denotes the $\ell_p$ norm of the the singular values of $M$. For the special cases of $p=2$ (Frobenius norm) and $p = \infty$ (Spectral norm), Musco and Musco (NeurIPS 2015) obtained an algorithm based on Krylov methods that uses $\tilde{O}(k/\sqrtε)$ matrix-vector products, improving on the naïve $\tilde{O}(k/ε)$ dependence obtainable by the power method, where $\tilde{O}$ suppresses poly$(\log(dk/ε))$ factors.
  Our main result is an algorithm that uses only $\tilde{O}(kp^{1/6}/ε^{1/3})$ matrix-vector products, and works for all $p \geq 1$. For $p = 2$ our bound improves the previous $\tilde{O}(k/ε^{1/2})$ bound to $\tilde{O}(k/ε^{1/3})$. Since the Schatten-$p$ and Schatten-$\infty$ norms are the same up to a $1+ ε$ factor when $p \geq (\log d)/ε$, our bound recovers the result of Musco and Musco for $p = \infty$. Further, we prove a matrix-vector query lower bound of $Ω(1/ε^{1/3})$ for any fixed constant $p \geq 1$, showing that surprisingly $\tildeΘ(1/ε^{1/3})$ is the optimal complexity for constant~$k$.
  To obtain our results, we introduce several new techniques, including optimizing over multiple Krylov subspaces simultaneously, and pinching inequalities for partitioned operators. Our lower bound for $p \in [1,2]$ uses the Araki-Lieb-Thirring trace inequality, whereas for $p>2$, we appeal to a norm-compression inequality for aligned partitioned operators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PCENet: High Dimensional Surrogate Modeling for Learning Uncertainty</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.05063">arxiv:2202.05063</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Paz Fink Shustin, Shashanka Ubaru, Vasileios Kalantzis, Lior Horesh, Haim Avron</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning data representations under uncertainty is an important task that emerges in numerous machine learning applications. However, uncertainty quantification (UQ) techniques are computationally intensive and become prohibitively expensive for high-dimensional data. In this paper, we present a novel surrogate model for representation learning and uncertainty quantification, which aims to deal with data of moderate to high dimensions. The proposed model combines a neural network approach for dimensionality reduction of the (potentially high-dimensional) data, with a surrogate model method for learning the data distribution. We first employ a variational autoencoder (VAE) to learn a low-dimensional representation of the data distribution. We then propose to harness polynomial chaos expansion (PCE) formulation to map this distribution to the output target. The coefficients of PCE are learned from the distribution representation of the training data using a maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) approach. Our model enables us to (a) learn a representation of the data, (b) estimate uncertainty in the high-dimensional data system, and (c) match high order moments of the output distribution; without any prior statistical assumptions on the data. Numerical experimental results are presented to illustrate the performance of the proposed method.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.02.09]({{ '/2022/02/09/2022.02.09.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.02.11]({{ '/2022/02/11/2022.02.11.html' | relative_url }})