Prev: [2022.02.18]({{ '/2022/02/18/2022.02.18.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.02.20]({{ '/2022/02/20/2022.02.20.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-02-19, created on 2022-03-01


<details><summary><b>Selective Credit Assignment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09699">arxiv:2202.09699</a>
&#x1F4C8; 975 <br>
<p>Veronica Chelu, Diana Borsa, Doina Precup, Hado van Hasselt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Efficient credit assignment is essential for reinforcement learning algorithms in both prediction and control settings. We describe a unified view on temporal-difference algorithms for selective credit assignment. These selective algorithms apply weightings to quantify the contribution of learning updates. We present insights into applying weightings to value-based learning and planning algorithms, and describe their role in mediating the backward credit distribution in prediction and control. Within this space, we identify some existing online learning algorithms that can assign credit selectively as special cases, as well as add new algorithms that assign credit backward in time counterfactually, allowing credit to be assigned off-trajectory and off-policy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Punctuation Restoration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09695">arxiv:2202.09695</a>
&#x1F4C8; 260 <br>
<p>Viet Dac Lai, Amir Pouran Ben Veyseh, Franck Dernoncourt, Thien Huu Nguyen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Given the increasing number of livestreaming videos, automatic speech recognition and post-processing for livestreaming video transcripts are crucial for efficient data management as well as knowledge mining. A key step in this process is punctuation restoration which restores fundamental text structures such as phrase and sentence boundaries from the video transcripts. This work presents a new human-annotated corpus, called BehancePR, for punctuation restoration in livestreaming video transcripts. Our experiments on BehancePR demonstrate the challenges of punctuation restoration for this domain. Furthermore, we show that popular natural language processing toolkits are incapable of detecting sentence boundary on non-punctuated transcripts of livestreaming videos, calling for more research effort to develop robust models for this area.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>It's Raw! Audio Generation with State-Space Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09729">arxiv:2202.09729</a>
&#x1F4C8; 152 <br>
<p>Karan Goel, Albert Gu, Chris Donahue, Christopher Ré</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Developing architectures suitable for modeling raw audio is a challenging problem due to the high sampling rates of audio waveforms. Standard sequence modeling approaches like RNNs and CNNs have previously been tailored to fit the demands of audio, but the resultant architectures make undesirable computational tradeoffs and struggle to model waveforms effectively. We propose SaShiMi, a new multi-scale architecture for waveform modeling built around the recently introduced S4 model for long sequence modeling. We identify that S4 can be unstable during autoregressive generation, and provide a simple improvement to its parameterization by drawing connections to Hurwitz matrices. SaShiMi yields state-of-the-art performance for unconditional waveform generation in the autoregressive setting. Additionally, SaShiMi improves non-autoregressive generation performance when used as the backbone architecture for a diffusion model. Compared to prior architectures in the autoregressive generation setting, SaShiMi generates piano and speech waveforms which humans find more musical and coherent respectively, e.g. 2x better mean opinion scores than WaveNet on an unconditional speech generation task. On a music generation task, SaShiMi outperforms WaveNet on density estimation and speed at both training and inference even when using 3x fewer parameters. Code can be found at https://github.com/HazyResearch/state-spaces and samples at https://hazyresearch.stanford.edu/sashimi-examples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reward Modeling for Mitigating Toxicity in Transformer-based Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09662">arxiv:2202.09662</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Farshid Faal, Ketra Schmitt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transformer-based language models are able to generate fluent text and be efficiently adapted across various natural language generation tasks. However, language models that are pretrained on large unlabeled web text corpora have been shown to suffer from degenerating toxic content and social bias behaviors, consequently hindering their safe deployment. Various detoxification methods were proposed to mitigate the language model's toxicity; however, these methods struggled to detoxify language models when conditioned on prompts that contain specific social identities related to gender, race, or religion. In this study, we propose Reinforce-Detoxify; A reinforcement learning-based method for mitigating toxicity in language models. We address the challenge of safety in language models and propose a new reward model that is able to detect toxic content and mitigate unintended bias towards social identities in toxicity prediction. The experiments demonstrate that the Reinforce-Detoxify method for language model detoxification outperforms existing detoxification approaches in automatic evaluation metrics, indicating the ability of our approach in language model detoxification and less prone to unintended bias toward social identities in generated content.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bit-wise Training of Neural Network Weights</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09571">arxiv:2202.09571</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Cristian Ivan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce an algorithm where the individual bits representing the weights of a neural network are learned. This method allows training weights with integer values on arbitrary bit-depths and naturally uncovers sparse networks, without additional constraints or regularization techniques. We show better results than the standard training technique with fully connected networks and similar performance as compared to standard training for convolutional and residual networks. By training bits in a selective manner we found that the biggest contribution to achieving high accuracy is given by the first three most significant bits, while the rest provide an intrinsic regularization. As a consequence more than 90\% of a network can be used to store arbitrary codes without affecting its accuracy. These codes may be random noise, binary files or even the weights of previously trained networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Image-to-Graph Transformers for Chemical Structure Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09580">arxiv:2202.09580</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Sanghyun Yoo, Ohyun Kwon, Hoshik Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For several decades, chemical knowledge has been published in written text, and there have been many attempts to make it accessible, for example, by transforming such natural language text to a structured format. Although the discovered chemical itself commonly represented in an image is the most important part, the correct recognition of the molecular structure from the image in literature still remains a hard problem since they are often abbreviated to reduce the complexity and drawn in many different styles. In this paper, we present a deep learning model to extract molecular structures from images. The proposed model is designed to transform the molecular image directly into the corresponding graph, which makes it capable of handling non-atomic symbols for abbreviations. Also, by end-to-end learning approach it can fully utilize many open image-molecule pair data from various sources, and hence it is more robust to image style variation than other tools. The experimental results show that the proposed model outperforms the existing models with 17.1 % and 12.8 % relative improvement for well-known benchmark datasets and large molecular images that we collected from literature, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Differentially Private Regression with Unbounded Covariates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.11199">arxiv:2202.11199</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jason Milionis, Alkis Kalavasis, Dimitris Fotakis, Stratis Ioannidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We provide computationally efficient, differentially private algorithms for the classical regression settings of Least Squares Fitting, Binary Regression and Linear Regression with unbounded covariates. Prior to our work, privacy constraints in such regression settings were studied under strong a priori bounds on covariates. We consider the case of Gaussian marginals and extend recent differentially private techniques on mean and covariance estimation (Kamath et al., 2019; Karwa and Vadhan, 2018) to the sub-gaussian regime. We provide a novel technical analysis yielding differentially private algorithms for the above classical regression settings. Through the case of Binary Regression, we capture the fundamental and widely-studied models of logistic regression and linearly-separable SVMs, learning an unbiased estimate of the true regression vector, up to a scaling factor.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Classical-Quantum Convolutional Neural Network for Detecting Pneumonia from Chest Radiographs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.10452">arxiv:2202.10452</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Viraj Kulkarni, Sanjesh Pawale, Amit Kharat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While many quantum computing techniques for machine learning have been proposed, their performance on real-world datasets remains to be studied. In this paper, we explore how a variational quantum circuit could be integrated into a classical neural network for the problem of detecting pneumonia from chest radiographs. We substitute one layer of a classical convolutional neural network with a variational quantum circuit to create a hybrid neural network. We train both networks on an image dataset containing chest radiographs and benchmark their performance. To mitigate the influence of different sources of randomness in network training, we sample the results over multiple rounds. We show that the hybrid network outperforms the classical network on different performance measures, and that these improvements are statistically significant. Our work serves as an experimental demonstration of the potential of quantum computing to significantly improve neural network performance for real-world, non-trivial problems relevant to society and industry.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Truncated Diffusion Probabilistic Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09671">arxiv:2202.09671</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Huangjie Zheng, Pengcheng He, Weizhu Chen, Mingyuan Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Employing a forward Markov diffusion chain to gradually map the data to a noise distribution, diffusion probabilistic models learn how to generate the data by inferring a reverse Markov diffusion chain to invert the forward diffusion process. To achieve competitive data generation performance, they demand a long diffusion chain that makes them computationally intensive in not only training but also generation. To significantly improve the computation efficiency, we propose to truncate the forward diffusion chain by abolishing the requirement of diffusing the data to random noise. Consequently, we start the inverse diffusion chain from an implicit generative distribution, rather than random noise, and learn its parameters by matching it to the distribution of the data corrupted by the truncated forward diffusion chain. Experimental results show our truncated diffusion probabilistic models provide consistent improvements over the non-truncated ones in terms of the generation performance and the number of required inverse diffusion steps.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Pareto Frontier of Instance-Dependent Guarantees in Multi-Player Multi-Armed Bandits with no Communication</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09653">arxiv:2202.09653</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Allen Liu, Mark Sellke</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the stochastic multi-player multi-armed bandit problem. In this problem, $m$ players cooperate to maximize their total reward from $K > m$ arms. However the players cannot communicate and are penalized (e.g. receive no reward) if they pull the same arm at the same time. We ask whether it is possible to obtain optimal instance-dependent regret $\tilde{O}(1/Δ)$ where $Δ$ is the gap between the $m$-th and $m+1$-st best arms. Such guarantees were recently achieved in a model allowing the players to implicitly communicate through intentional collisions. We show that with no communication at all, such guarantees are, surprisingly, not achievable. In fact, obtaining the optimal $\tilde{O}(1/Δ)$ regret for some regimes of $Δ$ necessarily implies strictly sub-optimal regret in other regimes. Our main result is a complete characterization of the Pareto optimal instance-dependent trade-offs that are possible with no communication. Our algorithm generalizes that of Bubeck, Budzinski, and the second author and enjoys the same strong no-collision property, while our lower bound is based on a topological obstruction and holds even under full information.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Echofilter: A Deep Learning Segmentation Model Improves the Automation, Standardization, and Timeliness for Post-Processing Echosounder Data in Tidal Energy Streams</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09648">arxiv:2202.09648</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Scott C. Lowe, Louise P. McGarry, Jessica Douglas, Jason Newport, Sageev Oore, Christopher Whidden, Daniel J. Hasselman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Understanding the abundance and distribution of fish in tidal energy streams is important for assessing the risk presented by the introduction of tidal energy devices into the habitat. However, the impressive tidal currents that make sites favorable for tidal energy development are often highly turbulent and entrain air into the water, complicating the interpretation of echosounder data. The portion of the water column contaminated by returns from entrained air must be excluded from data used for biological analyses. Application of a single algorithm to identify the depth-of-penetration of entrained-air is insufficient for a boundary that is discontinuous, depth-dynamic, porous, and widely variable across the tidal flow speeds which can range from 0 to 5m/s. Using a case study at a tidal energy demonstration site in the Bay of Fundy, we describe the development and application of deep learning models that produce a pronounced, consistent, substantial, and measurable improvement of the automated detection of the extent to which entrained-air has penetrated the water column.
  Our model, Echofilter, was highly responsive to the dynamic range of turbulence conditions and sensitive to the fine-scale nuances in the boundary position, producing an entrained-air boundary line with an average error of 0.32m on mobile downfacing and 0.5-1.0m on stationary upfacing data. The model's annotations had a high level of agreement with the human segmentation (mobile downfacing Jaccard index: 98.8%; stationary upfacing: 93-95%). This resulted in a 50% reduction in the time required for manual edits compared to the time required to manually edit the line placed by currently available algorithms. Because of the improved initial automated placement, the implementation of the models generated a marked increase in the standardization and repeatability of line placement.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Diversity aware image generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09573">arxiv:2202.09573</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Gabriel Turinici</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The machine learning generative algorithms such as GAN and VAE show impressive results in practice when constructing images similar to those in a training set. However, the generation of new images builds mainly on the understanding of the hidden structure of the training database followed by a mere sampling from a multi-dimensional normal variable. In particular each sample is independent from the other ones and can repeatedly propose same type of images. To cure this drawback we propose a kernel-based measure representation method that can produce new objects from a given target measure by approximating the measure as a whole and even staying away from objects already drawn from that distribution. This ensures a better variety of the produced images. The method is tested on some classic machine learning benchmarks.\end{abstract}

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Priming Cross-Session Motor Imagery Classification with A Universal Deep Domain Adaptation Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09559">arxiv:2202.09559</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhengqing Miao, Xin Zhang, Carlo Menon, Yelong Zheng, Meirong Zhao, Dong Ming</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Motor imagery (MI) is a common brain computer interface (BCI) paradigm. EEG is non-stationary with low signal-to-noise, classifying motor imagery tasks of the same participant from different EEG recording sessions is generally challenging, as EEG data distribution may vary tremendously among different acquisition sessions. Although it is intuitive to consider the cross-session MI classification as a domain adaptation problem, the rationale and feasible approach is not elucidated. In this paper, we propose a Siamese deep domain adaptation (SDDA) framework for cross-session MI classification based on mathematical models in domain adaptation theory. The proposed framework can be easily applied to most existing artificial neural networks without altering the network structure, which facilitates our method with great flexibility and transferability. In the proposed framework, domain invariants were firstly constructed jointly with channel normalization and Euclidean alignment. Then, embedding features from source and target domain were mapped into the Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space (RKHS) and aligned accordingly. A cosine-based center loss was also integrated into the framework to improve the generalizability of the SDDA. The proposed framework was validated with two classic and popular convolutional neural networks from BCI research field (EEGNet and ConvNet) in two MI-EEG public datasets (BCI Competition IV IIA, IIB). Compared to the vanilla EEGNet and ConvNet, the proposed SDDA framework was able to boost the MI classification accuracy by 15.2%, 10.2% respectively in IIA dataset, and 5.5%, 4.2% in IIB dataset. The final MI classification accuracy reached 82.01% in IIA dataset and 87.52% in IIB, which outperformed the state-of-the-art methods in the literature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>student dangerous behavior detection in school</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09550">arxiv:2202.09550</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Huayi Zhou, Fei Jiang, Hongtao Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video surveillance systems have been installed to ensure the student safety in schools. However, discovering dangerous behaviors, such as fighting and falling down, usually depends on untimely human observations. In this paper, we focus on detecting dangerous behaviors of students automatically, which faces numerous challenges, such as insufficient datasets, confusing postures, keyframes detection and prompt response. To address these challenges, we first build a danger behavior dataset with locations and labels from surveillance videos, and transform action recognition of long videos to an object detection task that avoids keyframes detection. Then, we propose a novel end-to-end dangerous behavior detection method, named DangerDet, that combines multi-scale body features and keypoints-based pose features. We could improve the accuracy of behavior classification due to the highly correlation between pose and behavior. On our dataset, DangerDet achieves 71.0\% mAP with about 11 FPS. It keeps a better balance between the accuracy and time cost.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayes-Optimal Classifiers under Group Fairness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09724">arxiv:2202.09724</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xianli Zeng, Edgar Dobriban, Guang Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning algorithms are becoming integrated into more and more high-stakes decision-making processes, such as in social welfare issues. Due to the need of mitigating the potentially disparate impacts from algorithmic predictions, many approaches have been proposed in the emerging area of fair machine learning. However, the fundamental problem of characterizing Bayes-optimal classifiers under various group fairness constraints is not well understood as a theoretical benchmark. Based on the classical Neyman-Pearson argument (Neyman and Pearson, 1933; Shao, 2003) for optimal hypothesis testing, this paper provides a general framework for deriving Bayes-optimal classifiers under group fairness. This enables us to propose a group-based thresholding method that can directly control disparity, and more importantly, achieve an optimal fairness-accuracy tradeoff. These advantages are supported by experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Runtime-Assured, Real-Time Neural Control of Microgrids</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09710">arxiv:2202.09710</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Amol Damare, Shouvik Roy, Scott A. Smolka, Scott D. Stoller</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present SimpleMG, a new, provably correct design methodology for runtime assurance of microgrids (MGs) with neural controllers. Our approach is centered around the Neural Simplex Architecture, which in turn is based on Sha et al.'s Simplex Control Architecture. Reinforcement Learning is used to synthesize high-performance neural controllers for MGs. Barrier Certificates are used to establish SimpleMG's runtime-assurance guarantees. We present a novel method to derive the condition for switching from the unverified neural controller to the verified-safe baseline controller, and we prove that the method is correct. We conduct an extensive experimental evaluation of SimpleMG using RTDS, a high-fidelity, real-time simulation environment for power systems, on a realistic model of a microgrid comprising three distributed energy resources (battery, photovoltaic, and diesel generator). Our experiments confirm that SimpleMG can be used to develop high-performance neural controllers for complex microgrids while assuring runtime safety, even in the presence of adversarial input attacks on the neural controller. Our experiments also demonstrate the benefits of online retraining of the neural controller while the baseline controller is in control

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Statistical and Topological Summaries Aid Disease Detection for Segmented Retinal Vascular Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09708">arxiv:2202.09708</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>John T. Nardini, Charles W. J. Pugh, Helen M. Byrne</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Disease complications can alter vascular network morphology and disrupt tissue functioning. Diabetic retinopathy, for example, is a complication of type 1 and 2 diabetus mellitus that can cause blindness. Microvascular diseases are assessed by visual inspection of retinal images, but this can be challenging when diseases exhibit silent symptoms or patients cannot attend in-person meetings. We examine the performance of machine learning algorithms in detecting microvascular disease when trained on either statistical or topological summaries of segmented retinal vascular images. We apply our methods to four publicly-available datasets and find that the fractal dimension performs best for high resolution images. By contrast, we find that topological descriptor vectors quantifying the number of loops in the data achieve the highest accuracy for low resolution images. Further analysis, using the topological approach, reveals that microvascular disease may alter morphology by reducing the number of loops in the retinal vasculature. Our work provides preliminary guidelines on which methods are most appropriate for assessing disease in high and low resolution images. In the longer term, these methods could be incorporated into automated disease assessment tools.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Parallel Sampling for Efficient High-dimensional Bayesian Network Structure Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09691">arxiv:2202.09691</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhigao Guo, Anthony C. Constantinou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Score-based algorithms that learn the structure of Bayesian networks can be used for both exact and approximate solutions. While approximate learning scales better with the number of variables, it can be computationally expensive in the presence of high dimensional data. This paper describes an approximate algorithm that performs parallel sampling on Candidate Parent Sets (CPSs), and can be viewed as an extension of MINOBS which is a state-of-the-art algorithm for structure learning from high dimensional data. The modified algorithm, which we call Parallel Sampling MINOBS (PS-MINOBS), constructs the graph by sampling CPSs for each variable. Sampling is performed in parallel under the assumption the distribution of CPSs is half-normal when ordered by Bayesian score for each variable. Sampling from a half-normal distribution ensures that the CPSs sampled are likely to be those which produce the higher scores. Empirical results show that, in most cases, the proposed algorithm discovers higher score structures than MINOBS when both algorithms are restricted to the same runtime limit.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalized Optimistic Methods for Convex-Concave Saddle Point Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09674">arxiv:2202.09674</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ruichen Jiang, Aryan Mokhtari</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The optimistic gradient method has seen increasing popularity as an efficient first-order method for solving convex-concave saddle point problems. To analyze its iteration complexity, a recent work [arXiv:1901.08511] proposed an interesting perspective that interprets the optimistic gradient method as an approximation to the proximal point method. In this paper, we follow this approach and distill the underlying idea of optimism to propose a generalized optimistic method, which encompasses the optimistic gradient method as a special case. Our general framework can handle constrained saddle point problems with composite objective functions and can work with arbitrary norms with compatible Bregman distances. Moreover, we also develop an adaptive line search scheme to select the stepsizes without knowledge of the smoothness coefficients. We instantiate our method with first-order, second-order and higher-order oracles and give sharp global iteration complexity bounds. When the objective function is convex-concave, we show that the averaged iterates of our $p$-th-order method ($p\geq 1$) converge at a rate of $\mathcal{O}(1/N^\frac{p+1}{2})$. When the objective function is further strongly-convex-strongly-concave, we prove a complexity bound of $\mathcal{O}(\frac{L_1}μ\log\frac{1}ε)$ for our first-order method and a bound of $\mathcal{O}((L_p D^\frac{p-1}{2}/μ)^{\frac{2}{p+1}}+\log\log\frac{1}ε)$ for our $p$-th-order method ($p\geq 2$) respectively, where $L_p$ ($p\geq 1$) is the Lipschitz constant of the $p$-th-order derivative, $μ$ is the strongly-convex parameter, and $D$ is the initial Bregman distance to the saddle point. Moreover, our line search scheme provably only requires an almost constant number of calls to a subproblem solver per iteration on average, making our first-order and second-order methods particularly amenable to implementation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Regularized Implicit Policy for Offline Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09673">arxiv:2202.09673</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shentao Yang, Zhendong Wang, Huangjie Zheng, Yihao Feng, Mingyuan Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Offline reinforcement learning enables learning from a fixed dataset, without further interactions with the environment. The lack of environmental interactions makes the policy training vulnerable to state-action pairs far from the training dataset and prone to missing rewarding actions. For training more effective agents, we propose a framework that supports learning a flexible yet well-regularized fully-implicit policy. We further propose a simple modification to the classical policy-matching methods for regularizing with respect to the dual form of the Jensen--Shannon divergence and the integral probability metrics. We theoretically show the correctness of the policy-matching approach, and the correctness and a good finite-sample property of our modification. An effective instantiation of our framework through the GAN structure is provided, together with techniques to explicitly smooth the state-action mapping for robust generalization beyond the static dataset. Extensive experiments and ablation study on the D4RL dataset validate our framework and the effectiveness of our algorithmic designs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Doubly Robust Distributionally Robust Off-Policy Evaluation and Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09667">arxiv:2202.09667</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nathan Kallus, Xiaojie Mao, Kaiwen Wang, Zhengyuan Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Off-policy evaluation and learning (OPE/L) use offline observational data to make better decisions, which is crucial in applications where experimentation is necessarily limited. OPE/L is nonetheless sensitive to discrepancies between the data-generating environment and that where policies are deployed. Recent work proposed distributionally robust OPE/L (DROPE/L) to remedy this, but the proposal relies on inverse-propensity weighting, whose regret rates may deteriorate if propensities are estimated and whose variance is suboptimal even if not. For vanilla OPE/L, this is solved by doubly robust (DR) methods, but they do not naturally extend to the more complex DROPE/L, which involves a worst-case expectation. In this paper, we propose the first DR algorithms for DROPE/L with KL-divergence uncertainty sets. For evaluation, we propose Localized Doubly Robust DROPE (LDR$^2$OPE) and prove its semiparametric efficiency under weak product rates conditions. Notably, thanks to a localization technique, LDR$^2$OPE only requires fitting a small number of regressions, just like DR methods for vanilla OPE. For learning, we propose Continuum Doubly Robust DROPL (CDR$^2$OPL) and show that, under a product rate condition involving a continuum of regressions, it enjoys a fast regret rate of $\mathcal{O}(N^{-1/2})$ even when unknown propensities are nonparametrically estimated. We further extend our results to general $f$-divergence uncertainty sets. We illustrate the advantage of our algorithms in simulations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accurate Prediction and Uncertainty Estimation using Decoupled Prediction Interval Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09664">arxiv:2202.09664</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kinjal Patel, Steven Waslander</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a network architecture capable of reliably estimating uncertainty of regression based predictions without sacrificing accuracy. The current state-of-the-art uncertainty algorithms either fall short of achieving prediction accuracy comparable to the mean square error optimization or underestimate the variance of network predictions. We propose a decoupled network architecture that is capable of accomplishing both at the same time. We achieve this by breaking down the learning of prediction and prediction interval (PI) estimations into a two-stage training process. We use a custom loss function for learning a PI range around optimized mean estimation with a desired coverage of a proportion of the target labels within the PI range. We compare the proposed method with current state-of-the-art uncertainty quantification algorithms on synthetic datasets and UCI benchmarks, reducing the error in the predictions by 23 to 34% while maintaining 95% Prediction Interval Coverage Probability (PICP) for 7 out of 9 UCI benchmark datasets. We also examine the quality of our predictive uncertainty by evaluating on Active Learning and demonstrating 17 to 36% error reduction on UCI benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-task Safe Reinforcement Learning for Navigating Intersections in Dense Traffic</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09644">arxiv:2202.09644</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yuqi Liu, Qichao Zhang, Dongbin Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-task intersection navigation including the unprotected turning left, turning right, and going straight in dense traffic is still a challenging task for autonomous driving. For the human driver, the negotiation skill with other interactive vehicles is the key to guarantee safety and efficiency. However, it is hard to balance the safety and efficiency of the autonomous vehicle for multi-task intersection navigation. In this paper, we formulate a multi-task safe reinforcement learning with social attention to improve the safety and efficiency when interacting with other traffic participants. Specifically, the social attention module is used to focus on the states of negotiation vehicles. In addition, a safety layer is added to the multi-task reinforcement learning framework to guarantee safe negotiation. We compare the experiments in the simulator SUMO with abundant traffic flows and CARLA with high-fidelity vehicle models, which both show that the proposed algorithm can improve safety with consistent traffic efficiency for multi-task intersection navigation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Polytopic Matrix Factorization: Determinant Maximization Based Criterion and Identifiability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09638">arxiv:2202.09638</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Gokcan Tatli, Alper T. Erdogan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce Polytopic Matrix Factorization (PMF) as a novel data decomposition approach. In this new framework, we model input data as unknown linear transformations of some latent vectors drawn from a polytope. In this sense, the article considers a semi-structured data model, in which the input matrix is modeled as the product of a full column rank matrix and a matrix containing samples from a polytope as its column vectors. The choice of polytope reflects the presumed features of the latent components and their mutual relationships. As the factorization criterion, we propose the determinant maximization (Det-Max) for the sample autocorrelation matrix of the latent vectors. We introduce a sufficient condition for identifiability, which requires that the convex hull of the latent vectors contains the maximum volume inscribed ellipsoid of the polytope with a particular tightness constraint. Based on the Det-Max criterion and the proposed identifiability condition, we show that all polytopes that satisfy a particular symmetry restriction qualify for the PMF framework. Having infinitely many polytope choices provides a form of flexibility in characterizing latent vectors. In particular, it is possible to define latent vectors with heterogeneous features, enabling the assignment of attributes such as nonnegativity and sparsity at the subvector level. The article offers examples illustrating the connection between polytope choices and the corresponding feature representations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Lightweight Dual-Domain Attention Framework for Sparse-View CT Reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09609">arxiv:2202.09609</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chang Sun, Ken Deng, Yitong Liu, Hongwen Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computed Tomography (CT) plays an essential role in clinical diagnosis. Due to the adverse effects of radiation on patients, the radiation dose is expected to be reduced as low as possible. Sparse sampling is an effective way, but it will lead to severe artifacts on the reconstructed CT image, thus sparse-view CT image reconstruction has been a prevailing and challenging research area. With the popularity of mobile devices, the requirements for lightweight and real-time networks are increasing rapidly. In this paper, we design a novel lightweight network called CAGAN, and propose a dual-domain reconstruction pipeline for parallel beam sparse-view CT. CAGAN is an adversarial auto-encoder, combining the Coordinate Attention unit, which preserves the spatial information of features. Also, the application of Shuffle Blocks reduces the parameters by a quarter without sacrificing its performance. In the Radon domain, the CAGAN learns the mapping between the interpolated data and fringe-free projection data. After the restored Radon data is reconstructed to an image, the image is sent into the second CAGAN trained for recovering the details, so that a high-quality image is obtained. Experiments indicate that the CAGAN strikes an excellent balance between model complexity and performance, and our pipeline outperforms the DD-Net and the DuDoNet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Training Robots without Robots: Deep Imitation Learning for Master-to-Robot Policy Transfer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09574">arxiv:2202.09574</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Heecheol Kim, Yoshiyuki Ohmura, Akihiko Nagakubo, Yasuo Kuniyoshi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep imitation learning is a promising method for dexterous robot manipulation because it only requires demonstration samples for learning manipulation skills. In this paper, deep imitation learning is applied to tasks that require force feedback, such as bottle opening. However, simple visual feedback systems, such as teleoperation, cannot be applied because they do not provide force feedback to operators. Bilateral teleoperation has been used for demonstration with force feedback; however, this requires an expensive and complex bilateral robot system. In this paper, a new master-to-robot (M2R) transfer learning system is presented that does not require robots but can still teach dexterous force feedback-based manipulation tasks to robots. The human directly demonstrates a task using a low-cost controller that resembles the kinematic parameters of the robot arm. Using this controller, the operator can naturally feel the force feedback without any expensive bilateral system. Furthermore, the M2R transfer system can overcome domain gaps between the master and robot using the gaze-based imitation learning framework and a simple calibration method. To demonstrate this, the proposed system was evaluated on a bottle-cap-opening task that requires force feedback only for the master demonstration.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Probabilistic Programming Idiom for Active Knowledge Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09555">arxiv:2202.09555</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Malte R. Damgaard, Rasmus Pedersen, Thomas Bak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we derive and implement a probabilistic programming idiom for the problem of acquiring new knowledge about an environment. The idiom is implemented utilizing a modern probabilistic programming language. We demonstrate the utility of this idiom by implementing an algorithm for the specific problem of active mapping and robot exploration. Finally, we evaluate the functionality of the implementation through an extensive simulation study utilizing the HouseExpo dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Detect Slip with Barometric Tactile Sensors and a Temporal Convolutional Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09549">arxiv:2202.09549</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Abhinav Grover, Philippe Nadeau, Christopher Grebe, Jonathan Kelly</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The ability to perceive object slip via tactile feedback enables humans to accomplish complex manipulation tasks including maintaining a stable grasp. Despite the utility of tactile information for many applications, tactile sensors have yet to be widely deployed in industrial robotics settings; part of the challenge lies in identifying slip and other events from the tactile data stream. In this paper, we present a learning-based method to detect slip using barometric tactile sensors. These sensors have many desirable properties including high durability and reliability, and are built from inexpensive, off-the-shelf components. We train a temporal convolution neural network to detect slip, achieving high detection accuracies while displaying robustness to the speed and direction of the slip motion. Further, we test our detector on two manipulation tasks involving a variety of common objects and demonstrate successful generalization to real-world scenarios not seen during training. We argue that barometric tactile sensing technology, combined with data-driven learning, is suitable for many manipulation tasks such as slip compensation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantum Heterogeneous Distributed Deep Learning Architectures: Models, Discussions, and Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.11200">arxiv:2202.11200</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yunseok Kwak, Won Joon Yun, Jae Pyoung Kim, Hyunhee Cho, Minseok Choi, Soyi Jung, Joongheon Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning (DL) has already become a state-of-the-art technology for various data processing tasks. However, data security and computational overload problems frequently occur due to their high data and computational power dependence. To solve this problem, quantum deep learning (QDL) and distributed deep learning (DDL) are emerging to complement existing DL methods by reducing computational overhead and strengthening data security. Furthermore, a quantum distributed deep learning (QDDL) technique that combines these advantages and maximizes them is in the spotlight. QDL takes computational gains by replacing deep learning computations on local devices and servers with quantum deep learning. On the other hand, besides the advantages of the existing distributed learning structure, it can increase data security by using a quantum secure communication protocol between the server and the client. Although many attempts have been made to confirm and demonstrate these various possibilities, QDDL research is still in its infancy. This paper discusses the model structure studied so far and its possibilities and limitations to introduce and promote these studies. It also discusses the areas of applied research so far and in the future and the possibilities of new methodologies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting emotion from music videos: exploring the relative contribution of visual and auditory information to affective responses</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.10453">arxiv:2202.10453</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Phoebe Chua, Dimos Makris, Dorien Herremans, Gemma Roig, Kat Agres</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although media content is increasingly produced, distributed, and consumed in multiple combinations of modalities, how individual modalities contribute to the perceived emotion of a media item remains poorly understood. In this paper we present MusicVideos (MuVi), a novel dataset for affective multimedia content analysis to study how the auditory and visual modalities contribute to the perceived emotion of media. The data were collected by presenting music videos to participants in three conditions: music, visual, and audiovisual. Participants annotated the music videos for valence and arousal over time, as well as the overall emotion conveyed. We present detailed descriptive statistics for key measures in the dataset and the results of feature importance analyses for each condition. Finally, we propose a novel transfer learning architecture to train Predictive models Augmented with Isolated modality Ratings (PAIR) and demonstrate the potential of isolated modality ratings for enhancing multimodal emotion recognition. Our results suggest that perceptions of arousal are influenced primarily by auditory information, while perceptions of valence are more subjective and can be influenced by both visual and auditory information. The dataset is made publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Variance-Reduced Stochastic Accelerated Primal Dual Algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09688">arxiv:2202.09688</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Bugra Can, Mert Gurbuzbalaban, Necdet Serhat Aybat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we consider strongly convex strongly concave (SCSC) saddle point (SP) problems $\min_{x\in\mathbb{R}^{d_x}}\max_{y\in\mathbb{R}^{d_y}}f(x,y)$ where $f$ is $L$-smooth, $f(.,y)$ is $μ$-strongly convex for every $y$, and $f(x,.)$ is $μ$-strongly concave for every $x$. Such problems arise frequently in machine learning in the context of robust empirical risk minimization (ERM), e.g. $\textit{distributionally robust}$ ERM, where partial gradients are estimated using mini-batches of data points. Assuming we have access to an unbiased stochastic first-order oracle we consider the stochastic accelerated primal dual (SAPD) algorithm recently introduced in Zhang et al. [2021] for SCSC SP problems as a robust method against gradient noise. In particular, SAPD recovers the well-known stochastic gradient descent ascent (SGDA) as a special case when the momentum parameter is set to zero and can achieve an accelerated rate when the momentum parameter is properly tuned, i.e., improving the $κ\triangleq L/μ$ dependence from $κ^2$ for SGDA to $κ$. We propose efficient variance-reduction strategies for SAPD based on Richardson-Romberg extrapolation and show that our method improves upon SAPD both in practice and in theory.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Survey of Machine Learning Based Intrusion Detection Methods for Internet of Medical Things</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09657">arxiv:2202.09657</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ayoub Si-Ahmed, Mohammed Ali Al-Garadi, Narhimene Boustia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Internet of Medical Things (IoMT) represents an application of the Internet of Things, where health professionals perform remote analysis of physiological data collected using sensors that are associated with patients, allowing real-time and permanent monitoring of the patient's health condition and the detection of possible diseases at an early stage. However, the use of wireless communication for data transfer exposes this data to cyberattacks, and the sensitive and private nature of this data may represent a prime interest for attackers. The use of traditional security methods on equipment that is limited in terms of storage and computing capacity is ineffective. In this context, we have performed a comprehensive survey to investigate the use of the intrusion detection system based on machine learning (ML) for IoMT security. We presented the generic three-layer architecture of IoMT, the security requirement of IoMT security. We review the various threats that can affect IoMT security and identify the advantage, disadvantages, methods, and datasets used in each solution based on ML. Then we provide some challenges and limitations of applying ML on each layer of IoMT, which can serve as direction for future study.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ValAsp: a tool for data validation in Answer Set Programming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09626">arxiv:2202.09626</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mario Alviano, Carmine Dodaro, Arnel Zamayla</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The development of complex software requires tools promoting fail-fast approaches, so that bugs and unexpected behavior can be quickly identified and fixed. Tools for data validation may save the day of computer programmers. In fact, processing invalid data is a waste of resources at best, and a drama at worst if the problem remains unnoticed and wrong results are used for business. Answer Set Programming (ASP) is not an exception, but the quest for better and better performance resulted in systems that essentially do not validate data. Even under the simplistic assumption that input/output data are eventually validated by external tools, invalid data may appear in other portions of the program, and go undetected until some other module of the designed software suddenly breaks. This paper formalizes the problem of data validation for ASP programs, introduces a language to specify data validation, and presents \textsc{valasp}, a tool to inject data validation in ordinary programs. The proposed approach promotes fail-fast techniques at coding time without imposing any lag on the deployed system if data are pretended to be valid. Validation can be specified in terms of statements using YAML, ASP and Python. Additionally, the proposed approach opens the possibility to use ASP for validating data of imperative programming languages. Under consideration for acceptance in TPLP.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Illuminating the Space of Enemies Through MAP-Elites</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09615">arxiv:2202.09615</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Breno M. F. Viana, Leonardo T. Pereira, Claudio F. M. Toledo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Action-Adventure games have several challenges to overcome, where the most common are enemies. The enemies' goal is to hinder the players' progression by taking life points, and the way they hinder this progress is distinct for different kinds of enemies. In this context, this paper introduces an extended version of an evolutionary approach for procedurally generating enemies that target the enemy's difficulty as the goal. Our approach advances the enemy generation research by incorporating a MAP-Elites population to generate diverse enemies without losing quality. The computational experiment showed the method converged most enemies in the MAP-Elites in less than a second for most cases. Besides, we experimented with players who played an Action-Adventure game prototype with enemies we generated. This experiment showed that the players enjoyed most levels they played, and we successfully created enemies perceived as easy, medium, or hard to face.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving the Level of Autism Discrimination through GraphRNN Link Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09538">arxiv:2202.09538</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Haonan Sun, Qiang He, Shouliang Qi, Yudong Yao, Yueyang Teng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Dataset is the key of deep learning in Autism disease research. However, due to the few quantity and heterogeneity of samples in current dataset, for example ABIDE (Autism Brain Imaging Data Exchange), the recognition research is not effective enough. Previous studies mostly focused on optimizing feature selection methods and data reinforcement to improve accuracy. This paper is based on the latter technique, which learns the edge distribution of real brain network through GraphRNN, and generates the synthetic data which has incentive effect on the discriminant model. The experimental results show that the combination of original and synthetic data greatly improves the discrimination of the neural network. For instance, the most significant effect is the 50-layer ResNet, and the best generation model is GraphRNN, which improves the accuracy by 32.51% compared with the model reference experiment without generation data reinforcement. Because the generated data comes from the learned edge connection distribution of Autism patients and typical controls functional connectivity, but it has better effect than the original data, which has constructive significance for further understanding of disease mechanism and development.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Functional Parcellation of fMRI data using multistage k-means clustering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.11206">arxiv:2202.11206</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Harshit Parmar, Brian Nutter, Rodney Long, Sameer Antani, Sunanda Mitra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Purpose: Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) data acquired through resting-state studies have been used to obtain information about the spontaneous activations inside the brain. One of the approaches for analysis and interpretation of resting-state fMRI data require spatially and functionally homogenous parcellation of the whole brain based on underlying temporal fluctuations. Clustering is often used to generate functional parcellation. However, major clustering algorithms, when used for fMRI data, have their limitations. Among commonly used parcellation schemes, a tradeoff exists between intra-cluster functional similarity and alignment with anatomical regions. Approach: In this work, we present a clustering algorithm for resting state and task fMRI data which is developed to obtain brain parcellations that show high structural and functional homogeneity. The clustering is performed by multistage binary k-means clustering algorithm designed specifically for the 4D fMRI data. The results from this multistage k-means algorithm show that by modifying and combining different algorithms, we can take advantage of the strengths of different techniques while overcoming their limitations. Results: The clustering output for resting state fMRI data using the multistage k-means approach is shown to be better than simple k-means or functional atlas in terms of spatial and functional homogeneity. The clusters also correspond to commonly identifiable brain networks. For task fMRI, the clustering output can identify primary and secondary activation regions and provide information about the varying hemodynamic response across different brain regions. Conclusion: The multistage k-means approach can provide functional parcellations of the brain using resting state fMRI data. The method is model-free and is data driven which can be applied to both resting state and task fMRI.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Novel Anomaly Detection Method for Multimodal WSN Data Flow via a Dynamic Graph Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.10454">arxiv:2202.10454</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Qinghao Zhang, Miao Ye, Hongbing Qiu, Yong Wang, Xiaofang Deng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Anomaly detection is widely used to distinguish system anomalies by analyzing the temporal and spatial features of wireless sensor network (WSN) data streams; it is one of critical technique that ensures the reliability of WSNs. Currently, graph neural networks (GNNs) have become popular state-of-the-art methods for conducting anomaly detection on WSN data streams. However, the existing anomaly detection methods based on GNNs do not consider the temporal and spatial features of WSN data streams simultaneously, such as multi-node, multi-modal and multi-time features, seriously impacting their effectiveness. In this paper, a novel anomaly detection model is proposed for multimodal WSN data flows, where three GNNs are used to separately extract the temporal features of WSN data flows, the correlation features between different modes and the spatial features between sensor node positions. Specifically, first, the temporal features and modal correlation features extracted from each sensor node are fused into one vector representation, which is further aggregated with the spatial features, i.e., the spatial position relationships of the nodes; finally, the current time-series data of WSN nodes are predicted, and abnormal states are identified according to the fusion features. The simulation results obtained on a public dataset show that the proposed approach is able to significantly improve upon the existing methods in terms of its robustness, and its F1 score reaches 0.90, which is 14.2% higher than that of the graph convolution network (GCN) with long short-term memory (LSTM).

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.02.18]({{ '/2022/02/18/2022.02.18.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.02.20]({{ '/2022/02/20/2022.02.20.html' | relative_url }})