Prev: [2022.10.17]({{ '/2022/10/17/2022.10.17.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.10.19]({{ '/2022/10/19/2022.10.19.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-10-18, created on 2022-10-25


<details><summary><b>Differentially Private Diffusion Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09929">arxiv:2210.09929</a>
&#x1F4C8; 104 <br>
<p>Tim Dockhorn, Tianshi Cao, Arash Vahdat, Karsten Kreis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While modern machine learning models rely on increasingly large training datasets, data is often limited in privacy-sensitive domains. Generative models trained with differential privacy (DP) on sensitive data can sidestep this challenge, providing access to synthetic data instead. However, training DP generative models is highly challenging due to the noise injected into training to enforce DP. We propose to leverage diffusion models (DMs), an emerging class of deep generative models, and introduce Differentially Private Diffusion Models (DPDMs), which enforce privacy using differentially private stochastic gradient descent (DP-SGD). We motivate why DP-SGD is well suited for training DPDMs, and thoroughly investigate the DM parameterization and the sampling algorithm, which turn out to be crucial ingredients in DPDMs. Furthermore, we propose noise multiplicity, a simple yet powerful modification of the DM training objective tailored to the DP setting to boost performance. We validate our novel DPDMs on widely-used image generation benchmarks and achieve state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance by large margins. For example, on MNIST we improve the SOTA FID from 48.4 to 5.01 and downstream classification accuracy from 83.2% to 98.1% for the privacy setting DP-$(\varepsilon{=}10, δ{=}10^{-5})$. Moreover, on standard benchmarks, classifiers trained on DPDM-generated synthetic data perform on par with task-specific DP-SGD-trained classifiers, which has not been demonstrated before for DP generative models. Project page and code: https://nv-tlabs.github.io/DPDM.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Whole-Body Control: Learning a Unified Policy for Manipulation and Locomotion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10044">arxiv:2210.10044</a>
&#x1F4C8; 59 <br>
<p>Zipeng Fu, Xuxin Cheng, Deepak Pathak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An attached arm can significantly increase the applicability of legged robots to several mobile manipulation tasks that are not possible for the wheeled or tracked counterparts. The standard hierarchical control pipeline for such legged manipulators is to decouple the controller into that of manipulation and locomotion. However, this is ineffective. It requires immense engineering to support coordination between the arm and legs, and error can propagate across modules causing non-smooth unnatural motions. It is also biological implausible given evidence for strong motor synergies across limbs. In this work, we propose to learn a unified policy for whole-body control of a legged manipulator using reinforcement learning. We propose Regularized Online Adaptation to bridge the Sim2Real gap for high-DoF control, and Advantage Mixing exploiting the causal dependency in the action space to overcome local minima during training the whole-body system. We also present a simple design for a low-cost legged manipulator, and find that our unified policy can demonstrate dynamic and agile behaviors across several task setups. Videos are at https://maniploco.github.io

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalizing in the Real World with Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09925">arxiv:2210.09925</a>
&#x1F4C8; 54 <br>
<p>Tegan Maharaj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning (ML) formalizes the problem of getting computers to learn from experience as optimization of performance according to some metric(s) on a set of data examples. This is in contrast to requiring behaviour specified in advance (e.g. by hard-coded rules). Formalization of this problem has enabled great progress in many applications with large real-world impact, including translation, speech recognition, self-driving cars, and drug discovery. But practical instantiations of this formalism make many assumptions - for example, that data are i.i.d.: independent and identically distributed - whose soundness is seldom investigated. And in making great progress in such a short time, the field has developed many norms and ad-hoc standards, focused on a relatively small range of problem settings. As applications of ML, particularly in artificial intelligence (AI) systems, become more pervasive in the real world, we need to critically examine these assumptions, norms, and problem settings, as well as the methods that have become de-facto standards. There is much we still do not understand about how and why deep networks trained with stochastic gradient descent are able to generalize as well as they do, why they fail when they do, and how they will perform on out-of-distribution data. In this thesis I cover some of my work towards better understanding deep net generalization, identify several ways assumptions and problem settings fail to generalize to the real world, and propose ways to address those failures in practice.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HUMANISE: Language-conditioned Human Motion Generation in 3D Scenes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09729">arxiv:2210.09729</a>
&#x1F4C8; 41 <br>
<p>Zan Wang, Yixin Chen, Tengyu Liu, Yixin Zhu, Wei Liang, Siyuan Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning to generate diverse scene-aware and goal-oriented human motions in 3D scenes remains challenging due to the mediocre characteristics of the existing datasets on Human-Scene Interaction (HSI); they only have limited scale/quality and lack semantics. To fill in the gap, we propose a large-scale and semantic-rich synthetic HSI dataset, denoted as HUMANISE, by aligning the captured human motion sequences with various 3D indoor scenes. We automatically annotate the aligned motions with language descriptions that depict the action and the unique interacting objects in the scene; e.g., sit on the armchair near the desk. HUMANISE thus enables a new generation task, language-conditioned human motion generation in 3D scenes. The proposed task is challenging as it requires joint modeling of the 3D scene, human motion, and natural language. To tackle this task, we present a novel scene-and-language conditioned generative model that can produce 3D human motions of the desirable action interacting with the specified objects. Our experiments demonstrate that our model generates diverse and semantically consistent human motions in 3D scenes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MotionDeltaCNN: Sparse CNN Inference of Frame Differences in Moving Camera Videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09887">arxiv:2210.09887</a>
&#x1F4C8; 40 <br>
<p>Mathias Parger, Chengcheng Tang, Christopher D. Twigg, Cem Keskin, Robert Wang, Markus Steinberger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional neural network inference on video input is computationally expensive and has high memory bandwidth requirements. Recently, researchers managed to reduce the cost of processing upcoming frames by only processing pixels that changed significantly. Using sparse convolutions, the sparsity of frame differences can be translated to speedups on current inference devices. However, previous work was relying on static cameras. Moving cameras add new challenges in how to fuse newly unveiled image regions with already processed regions efficiently to minimize the update rate - without increasing memory overhead and without knowing the camera extrinsics of future frames. In this work, we propose MotionDeltaCNN, a CNN framework that supports moving cameras and variable resolution input. We propose a spherical buffer which enables seamless fusion of newly unveiled regions and previously processed regions - without increasing the memory footprint. Our evaluations show that we outperform previous work significantly by explicitly adding support for moving camera input.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exclusive Supermask Subnetwork Training for Continual Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10209">arxiv:2210.10209</a>
&#x1F4C8; 35 <br>
<p>Prateek Yadav, Mohit Bansal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Continual Learning (CL) methods mainly focus on avoiding catastrophic forgetting and learning representations that are transferable to new tasks. Recently, Wortsman et al. (2020) proposed a CL method, SupSup, which uses a randomly initialized, fixed base network (model) and finds a supermask for each new task that selectively keeps or removes each weight to produce a subnetwork. They prevent forgetting as the network weights are not being updated. Although there is no forgetting, the performance of the supermask is sub-optimal because fixed weights restrict its representational power. Furthermore, there is no accumulation or transfer of knowledge inside the model when new tasks are learned. Hence, we propose ExSSNeT (Exclusive Supermask SubNEtwork Training), which performs exclusive and non-overlapping subnetwork weight training. This avoids conflicting updates to the shared weights by subsequent tasks to improve performance while still preventing forgetting. Furthermore, we propose a novel KNN-based Knowledge Transfer (KKT) module that dynamically initializes a new task's mask based on previous tasks for improving knowledge transfer. We demonstrate that ExSSNeT outperforms SupSup and other strong previous methods on both text classification and vision tasks while preventing forgetting. Moreover, ExSSNeT is particularly advantageous for sparse masks that activate 2-10% of the model parameters, resulting in an average improvement of 8.3% over SupSup. Additionally, ExSSNeT scales to a large number of tasks (100), and our KKT module helps to learn new tasks faster while improving overall performance. Our code is available at https://github.com/prateeky2806/exessnet

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayesian Optimization over Discrete and Mixed Spaces via Probabilistic Reparameterization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10199">arxiv:2210.10199</a>
&#x1F4C8; 35 <br>
<p>Samuel Daulton, Xingchen Wan, David Eriksson, Maximilian Balandat, Michael A. Osborne, Eytan Bakshy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Optimizing expensive-to-evaluate black-box functions of discrete (and potentially continuous) design parameters is a ubiquitous problem in scientific and engineering applications. Bayesian optimization (BO) is a popular, sample-efficient method that leverages a probabilistic surrogate model and an acquisition function (AF) to select promising designs to evaluate. However, maximizing the AF over mixed or high-cardinality discrete search spaces is challenging standard gradient-based methods cannot be used directly or evaluating the AF at every point in the search space would be computationally prohibitive. To address this issue, we propose using probabilistic reparameterization (PR). Instead of directly optimizing the AF over the search space containing discrete parameters, we instead maximize the expectation of the AF over a probability distribution defined by continuous parameters. We prove that under suitable reparameterizations, the BO policy that maximizes the probabilistic objective is the same as that which maximizes the AF, and therefore, PR enjoys the same regret bounds as the original BO policy using the underlying AF. Moreover, our approach provably converges to a stationary point of the probabilistic objective under gradient ascent using scalable, unbiased estimators of both the probabilistic objective and its gradient. Therefore, as the number of starting points and gradient steps increase, our approach will recover of a maximizer of the AF (an often-neglected requisite for commonly used BO regret bounds). We validate our approach empirically and demonstrate state-of-the-art optimization performance on a wide range of real-world applications. PR is complementary to (and benefits) recent work and naturally generalizes to settings with multiple objectives and black-box constraints.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Risk of re-identification for shared clinical speech recordings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09975">arxiv:2210.09975</a>
&#x1F4C8; 25 <br>
<p>Daniela A. Wiepert, Bradley A. Malin, Joseph R. Duffy, Rene L. Utianski, John L. Stricker, David T. Jones, Hugo Botha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large, curated datasets are required to leverage speech-based tools in healthcare. These are costly to produce, resulting in increased interest in data sharing. As speech can potentially identify speakers (i.e., voiceprints), sharing recordings raises privacy concerns. We examine the re-identification risk for speech recordings, without reference to demographic or metadata, using a state-of-the-art speaker recognition system. We demonstrate that the risk is inversely related to the number of comparisons an adversary must consider, i.e., the search space. Risk is high for a small search space but drops as the search space grows ($precision >0.85$ for $<1*10^{6}$ comparisons, $precision <0.5$ for $>3*10^{6}$ comparisons). Next, we show that the nature of a speech recording influences re-identification risk, with non-connected speech (e.g., vowel prolongation) being harder to identify. Our findings suggest that speaker recognition systems can be used to re-identify participants in specific circumstances, but in practice, the re-identification risk appears low.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>From Play to Policy: Conditional Behavior Generation from Uncurated Robot Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10047">arxiv:2210.10047</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Zichen Jeff Cui, Yibin Wang, Nur Muhammad Mahi Shafiullah, Lerrel Pinto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While large-scale sequence modeling from offline data has led to impressive performance gains in natural language and image generation, directly translating such ideas to robotics has been challenging. One critical reason for this is that uncurated robot demonstration data, i.e. play data, collected from non-expert human demonstrators are often noisy, diverse, and distributionally multi-modal. This makes extracting useful, task-centric behaviors from such data a difficult generative modeling problem. In this work, we present Conditional Behavior Transformers (C-BeT), a method that combines the multi-modal generation ability of Behavior Transformer with future-conditioned goal specification. On a suite of simulated benchmark tasks, we find that C-BeT improves upon prior state-of-the-art work in learning from play data by an average of 45.7%. Further, we demonstrate for the first time that useful task-centric behaviors can be learned on a real-world robot purely from play data without any task labels or reward information. Robot videos are best viewed on our project website: https://play-to-policy.github.io

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding COVID-19 Vaccine Campaign on Facebook using Minimal Supervision</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10031">arxiv:2210.10031</a>
&#x1F4C8; 15 <br>
<p>Tunazzina Islam, Dan Goldwasser</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the age of social media, where billions of internet users share information and opinions, the negative impact of pandemics is not limited to the physical world. It provokes a surge of incomplete, biased, and incorrect information, also known as an infodemic. This global infodemic jeopardizes measures to control the pandemic by creating panic, vaccine hesitancy, and fragmented social response. Platforms like Facebook allow advertisers to adapt their messaging to target different demographics and help alleviate or exacerbate the infodemic problem depending on their content. In this paper, we propose a minimally supervised multi-task learning framework for understanding messaging on Facebook related to the covid vaccine by identifying ad themes and moral foundations. Furthermore, we perform a more nuanced thematic analysis of messaging tactics of vaccine campaigns on social media so that policymakers can make better decisions on pandemic control.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dense FixMatch: a simple semi-supervised learning method for pixel-wise prediction tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09919">arxiv:2210.09919</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Miquel Martí i Rabadán, Alessandro Pieropan, Hossein Azizpour, Atsuto Maki</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose Dense FixMatch, a simple method for online semi-supervised learning of dense and structured prediction tasks combining pseudo-labeling and consistency regularization via strong data augmentation. We enable the application of FixMatch in semi-supervised learning problems beyond image classification by adding a matching operation on the pseudo-labels. This allows us to still use the full strength of data augmentation pipelines, including geometric transformations. We evaluate it on semi-supervised semantic segmentation on Cityscapes and Pascal VOC with different percentages of labeled data and ablate design choices and hyper-parameters. Dense FixMatch significantly improves results compared to supervised learning using only labeled data, approaching its performance with 1/4 of the labeled samples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scaling Adversarial Training to Large Perturbation Bounds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09852">arxiv:2210.09852</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Sravanti Addepalli, Samyak Jain, Gaurang Sriramanan, R. Venkatesh Babu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The vulnerability of Deep Neural Networks to Adversarial Attacks has fuelled research towards building robust models. While most Adversarial Training algorithms aim at defending attacks constrained within low magnitude Lp norm bounds, real-world adversaries are not limited by such constraints. In this work, we aim to achieve adversarial robustness within larger bounds, against perturbations that may be perceptible, but do not change human (or Oracle) prediction. The presence of images that flip Oracle predictions and those that do not makes this a challenging setting for adversarial robustness. We discuss the ideal goals of an adversarial defense algorithm beyond perceptual limits, and further highlight the shortcomings of naively extending existing training algorithms to higher perturbation bounds. In order to overcome these shortcomings, we propose a novel defense, Oracle-Aligned Adversarial Training (OA-AT), to align the predictions of the network with that of an Oracle during adversarial training. The proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art performance at large epsilon bounds (such as an L-inf bound of 16/255 on CIFAR-10) while outperforming existing defenses (AWP, TRADES, PGD-AT) at standard bounds (8/255) as well.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BirdSoundsDenoising: Deep Visual Audio Denoising for Bird Sounds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10196">arxiv:2210.10196</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Youshan Zhang, Jialu Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Audio denoising has been explored for decades using both traditional and deep learning-based methods. However, these methods are still limited to either manually added artificial noise or lower denoised audio quality. To overcome these challenges, we collect a large-scale natural noise bird sound dataset. We are the first to transfer the audio denoising problem into an image segmentation problem and propose a deep visual audio denoising (DVAD) model. With a total of 14,120 audio images, we develop an audio ImageMask tool and propose to use a few-shot generalization strategy to label these images. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed model achieves state-of-the-art performance. We also show that our method can be easily generalized to speech denoising, audio separation, audio enhancement, and noise estimation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Class-Level Confidence Based 3D Semi-Supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10138">arxiv:2210.10138</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Zhimin Chen, Longlong Jing, Liang Yang, Bing Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent state-of-the-art method FlexMatch firstly demonstrated that correctly estimating learning status is crucial for semi-supervised learning (SSL). However, the estimation method proposed by FlexMatch does not take into account imbalanced data, which is the common case for 3D semi-supervised learning. To address this problem, we practically demonstrate that unlabeled data class-level confidence can represent the learning status in the 3D imbalanced dataset. Based on this finding, we present a novel class-level confidence based 3D SSL method. Firstly, a dynamic thresholding strategy is proposed to utilize more unlabeled data, especially for low learning status classes. Then, a re-sampling strategy is designed to avoid biasing toward high learning status classes, which dynamically changes the sampling probability of each class. To show the effectiveness of our method in 3D SSL tasks, we conduct extensive experiments on 3D SSL classification and detection tasks. Our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art counterparts for both 3D SSL classification and detection tasks in all datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Curriculum Reinforcement Learning using Optimal Transport via Gradual Domain Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10195">arxiv:2210.10195</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Peide Huang, Mengdi Xu, Jiacheng Zhu, Laixi Shi, Fei Fang, Ding Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Curriculum Reinforcement Learning (CRL) aims to create a sequence of tasks, starting from easy ones and gradually learning towards difficult tasks. In this work, we focus on the idea of framing CRL as interpolations between a source (auxiliary) and a target task distribution. Although existing studies have shown the great potential of this idea, it remains unclear how to formally quantify and generate the movement between task distributions. Inspired by the insights from gradual domain adaptation in semi-supervised learning, we create a natural curriculum by breaking down the potentially large task distributional shift in CRL into smaller shifts. We propose GRADIENT, which formulates CRL as an optimal transport problem with a tailored distance metric between tasks. Specifically, we generate a sequence of task distributions as a geodesic interpolation (i.e., Wasserstein barycenter) between the source and target distributions. Different from many existing methods, our algorithm considers a task-dependent contextual distance metric and is capable of handling nonparametric distributions in both continuous and discrete context settings. In addition, we theoretically show that GRADIENT enables smooth transfer between subsequent stages in the curriculum under certain conditions. We conduct extensive experiments in locomotion and manipulation tasks and show that our proposed GRADIENT achieves higher performance than baselines in terms of learning efficiency and asymptotic performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RPM: Generalizable Behaviors for Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09646">arxiv:2210.09646</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Wei Qiu, Xiao Ma, Bo An, Svetlana Obraztsova, Shuicheng Yan, Zhongwen Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the recent advancement in multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL), the MARL agents easily overfit the training environment and perform poorly in the evaluation scenarios where other agents behave differently. Obtaining generalizable policies for MARL agents is thus necessary but challenging mainly due to complex multi-agent interactions. In this work, we model the problem with Markov Games and propose a simple yet effective method, ranked policy memory (RPM), to collect diverse multi-agent trajectories for training MARL policies with good generalizability. The main idea of RPM is to maintain a look-up memory of policies. In particular, we try to acquire various levels of behaviors by saving policies via ranking the training episode return, i.e., the episode return of agents in the training environment; when an episode starts, the learning agent can then choose a policy from the RPM as the behavior policy. This innovative self-play training framework leverages agents' past policies and guarantees the diversity of multi-agent interaction in the training data. We implement RPM on top of MARL algorithms and conduct extensive experiments on Melting Pot. It has been demonstrated that RPM enables MARL agents to interact with unseen agents in multi-agent generalization evaluation scenarios and complete given tasks, and it significantly boosts the performance up to 402% on average.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-Domain Aspect Extraction using Transformers Augmented with Knowledge Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10144">arxiv:2210.10144</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Phillip Howard, Arden Ma, Vasudev Lal, Ana Paula Simoes, Daniel Korat, Oren Pereg, Moshe Wasserblat, Gadi Singer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The extraction of aspect terms is a critical step in fine-grained sentiment analysis of text. Existing approaches for this task have yielded impressive results when the training and testing data are from the same domain. However, these methods show a drastic decrease in performance when applied to cross-domain settings where the domain of the testing data differs from that of the training data. To address this lack of extensibility and robustness, we propose a novel approach for automatically constructing domain-specific knowledge graphs that contain information relevant to the identification of aspect terms. We introduce a methodology for injecting information from these knowledge graphs into Transformer models, including two alternative mechanisms for knowledge insertion: via query enrichment and via manipulation of attention patterns. We demonstrate state-of-the-art performance on benchmark datasets for cross-domain aspect term extraction using our approach and investigate how the amount of external knowledge available to the Transformer impacts model performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Output Feedback Tube MPC-Guided Data Augmentation for Robust, Efficient Sensorimotor Policy Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10127">arxiv:2210.10127</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Andrea Tagliabue, Jonathan P. How</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Imitation learning (IL) can generate computationally efficient sensorimotor policies from demonstrations provided by computationally expensive model-based sensing and control algorithms. However, commonly employed IL methods are often data-inefficient, requiring the collection of a large number of demonstrations and producing policies with limited robustness to uncertainties. In this work, we combine IL with an output feedback robust tube model predictive controller (RTMPC) to co-generate demonstrations and a data augmentation strategy to efficiently learn neural network-based sensorimotor policies. Thanks to the augmented data, we reduce the computation time and the number of demonstrations needed by IL, while providing robustness to sensing and process uncertainty. We tailor our approach to the task of learning a trajectory tracking visuomotor policy for an aerial robot, leveraging a 3D mesh of the environment as part of the data augmentation process. We numerically demonstrate that our method can learn a robust visuomotor policy from a single demonstration--a two-orders of magnitude improvement in demonstration efficiency compared to existing IL methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SafeText: A Benchmark for Exploring Physical Safety in Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10045">arxiv:2210.10045</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Sharon Levy, Emily Allaway, Melanie Subbiah, Lydia Chilton, Desmond Patton, Kathleen McKeown, William Yang Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Understanding what constitutes safe text is an important issue in natural language processing and can often prevent the deployment of models deemed harmful and unsafe. One such type of safety that has been scarcely studied is commonsense physical safety, i.e. text that is not explicitly violent and requires additional commonsense knowledge to comprehend that it leads to physical harm. We create the first benchmark dataset, SafeText, comprising real-life scenarios with paired safe and physically unsafe pieces of advice. We utilize SafeText to empirically study commonsense physical safety across various models designed for text generation and commonsense reasoning tasks. We find that state-of-the-art large language models are susceptible to the generation of unsafe text and have difficulty rejecting unsafe advice. As a result, we argue for further studies of safety and the assessment of commonsense physical safety in models before release.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>3D Scalable Quantum Convolutional Neural Networks for Point Cloud Data Processing in Classification Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09728">arxiv:2210.09728</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Hankyul Baek, Won Joon Yun, Joongheon Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the beginning of the noisy intermediate-scale quantum (NISQ) era, a quantum neural network (QNN) has recently emerged as a solution for several specific problems that classical neural networks cannot solve. Moreover, a quantum convolutional neural network (QCNN) is the quantum-version of CNN because it can process high-dimensional vector inputs in contrast to QNN. However, due to the nature of quantum computing, it is difficult to scale up the QCNN to extract a sufficient number of features due to barren plateaus. Motivated by this, a novel 3D scalable QCNN (sQCNN-3D) is proposed for point cloud data processing in classification applications. Furthermore, reverse fidelity training (RF-Train) is additionally considered on top of sQCNN-3D for diversifying features with a limited number of qubits using the fidelity of quantum computing. Our data-intensive performance evaluation verifies that the proposed algorithm achieves desired performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Reinforcement Learning Approach in Multi-Phase Second-Price Auction Design</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10278">arxiv:2210.10278</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Rui Ai, Boxiang Lyu, Zhaoran Wang, Zhuoran Yang, Michael I. Jordan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study reserve price optimization in multi-phase second price auctions, where seller's prior actions affect the bidders' later valuations through a Markov Decision Process (MDP). Compared to the bandit setting in existing works, the setting in ours involves three challenges. First, from the seller's perspective, we need to efficiently explore the environment in the presence of potentially nontruthful bidders who aim to manipulates seller's policy. Second, we want to minimize the seller's revenue regret when the market noise distribution is unknown. Third, the seller's per-step revenue is unknown, nonlinear, and cannot even be directly observed from the environment.
  We propose a mechanism addressing all three challenges. To address the first challenge, we use a combination of a new technique named "buffer periods" and inspirations from Reinforcement Learning (RL) with low switching cost to limit bidders' surplus from untruthful bidding, thereby incentivizing approximately truthful bidding. The second one is tackled by a novel algorithm that removes the need for pure exploration when the market noise distribution is unknown. The third challenge is resolved by an extension of LSVI-UCB, where we use the auction's underlying structure to control the uncertainty of the revenue function. The three techniques culminate in the $\underline{\rm C}$ontextual-$\underline{\rm L}$SVI-$\underline{\rm U}$CB-$\underline{\rm B}$uffer (CLUB) algorithm which achieves $\tilde{ \mathcal{O}}(H^{5/2}\sqrt{K})$ revenue regret when the market noise is known and $\tilde{ \mathcal{O}}(H^{3}\sqrt{K})$ revenue regret when the noise is unknown with no assumptions on bidders' truthfulness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Intra-Source Style Augmentation for Improved Domain Generalization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10175">arxiv:2210.10175</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yumeng Li, Dan Zhang, Margret Keuper, Anna Khoreva</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The generalization with respect to domain shifts, as they frequently appear in applications such as autonomous driving, is one of the remaining big challenges for deep learning models. Therefore, we propose an intra-source style augmentation (ISSA) method to improve domain generalization in semantic segmentation. Our method is based on a novel masked noise encoder for StyleGAN2 inversion. The model learns to faithfully reconstruct the image preserving its semantic layout through noise prediction. Random masking of the estimated noise enables the style mixing capability of our model, i.e. it allows to alter the global appearance without affecting the semantic layout of an image. Using the proposed masked noise encoder to randomize style and content combinations in the training set, ISSA effectively increases the diversity of training data and reduces spurious correlation. As a result, we achieve up to $12.4\%$ mIoU improvements on driving-scene semantic segmentation under different types of data shifts, i.e., changing geographic locations, adverse weather conditions, and day to night. ISSA is model-agnostic and straightforwardly applicable with CNNs and Transformers. It is also complementary to other domain generalization techniques, e.g., it improves the recent state-of-the-art solution RobustNet by $3\%$ mIoU in Cityscapes to Dark Zürich.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transferable Unlearnable Examples</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10114">arxiv:2210.10114</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Jie Ren, Han Xu, Yuxuan Wan, Xingjun Ma, Lichao Sun, Jiliang Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With more people publishing their personal data online, unauthorized data usage has become a serious concern. The unlearnable strategies have been introduced to prevent third parties from training on the data without permission. They add perturbations to the users' data before publishing, which aims to make the models trained on the perturbed published dataset invalidated. These perturbations have been generated for a specific training setting and a target dataset. However, their unlearnable effects significantly decrease when used in other training settings and datasets. To tackle this issue, we propose a novel unlearnable strategy based on Classwise Separability Discriminant (CSD), which aims to better transfer the unlearnable effects to other training settings and datasets by enhancing the linear separability. Extensive experiments demonstrate the transferability of the proposed unlearnable examples across training settings and datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Combination of Raman spectroscopy and chemometrics: A review of recent studies published in the Spectrochimica Acta, Part A: Molecular and Biomolecular Spectroscopy Journal</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10051">arxiv:2210.10051</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yulia Khristoforova, Lyudmila Bratchenko, Ivan Bratchenko</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Raman spectroscopy is a promising technique used for noninvasive analysis of samples in various fields of application due to its ability for fingerprint probing of samples at the molecular level. Chemometrics methods are widely used nowadays for better understanding of the recorded spectral fingerprints of samples and differences in their chemical composition. This review considers a number of manuscripts published in the Spectrochimica Acta, Part A: Molecular and Biomolecular Spectroscopy Journal that presented findings regarding the application of Raman spectroscopy in combination with chemometrics to study samples and their changes caused by different factors. In 57 reviewed manuscripts, we analyzed application of chemometrics algorithms, statistical modeling parameters, utilization of cross validation, sample sizes, as well as the performance of the proposed classification and regression model. We summarized the best strategies for creating classification models and highlighted some common drawbacks when it comes to the application of chemometrics techniques. According to our estimations, about 70% of the papers are likely to contain unsupported or invalid data due to insufficient description of the utilized methods or drawbacks of the proposed classification models. These drawbacks include: (1) insufficient experimental sample size for classification/regression to achieve significant and reliable results, (2) lack of cross validation (or a test set) for verification of the classifier/regression performance, (3) incorrect division of the spectral data into the training and the test/validation sets; (4) improper selection of the PC number to reduce the analyzed spectral data dimension.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Importance of Architectures and Hyperparameters for Fairness in Face Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09943">arxiv:2210.09943</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Rhea Sukthanker, Samuel Dooley, John P. Dickerson, Colin White, Frank Hutter, Micah Goldblum</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Face recognition systems are deployed across the world by government agencies and contractors for sensitive and impactful tasks, such as surveillance and database matching. Despite their widespread use, these systems are known to exhibit bias across a range of sociodemographic dimensions, such as gender and race. Nonetheless, an array of works proposing pre-processing, training, and post-processing methods have failed to close these gaps. Here, we take a very different approach to this problem, identifying that both architectures and hyperparameters of neural networks are instrumental in reducing bias. We first run a large-scale analysis of the impact of architectures and training hyperparameters on several common fairness metrics and show that the implicit convention of choosing high-accuracy architectures may be suboptimal for fairness. Motivated by our findings, we run the first neural architecture search for fairness, jointly with a search for hyperparameters. We output a suite of models which Pareto-dominate all other competitive architectures in terms of accuracy and fairness. Furthermore, we show that these models transfer well to other face recognition datasets with similar and distinct protected attributes. We release our code and raw result files so that researchers and practitioners can replace our fairness metrics with a bias measure of their choice.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Efficient and Effective Self-Supervised Learning of Visual Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09866">arxiv:2210.09866</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Sravanti Addepalli, Kaushal Bhogale, Priyam Dey, R. Venkatesh Babu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-supervision has emerged as a propitious method for visual representation learning after the recent paradigm shift from handcrafted pretext tasks to instance-similarity based approaches. Most state-of-the-art methods enforce similarity between various augmentations of a given image, while some methods additionally use contrastive approaches to explicitly ensure diverse representations. While these approaches have indeed shown promising direction, they require a significantly larger number of training iterations when compared to the supervised counterparts. In this work, we explore reasons for the slow convergence of these methods, and further propose to strengthen them using well-posed auxiliary tasks that converge significantly faster, and are also useful for representation learning. The proposed method utilizes the task of rotation prediction to improve the efficiency of existing state-of-the-art methods. We demonstrate significant gains in performance using the proposed method on multiple datasets, specifically for lower training epochs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Black-Box Reinforcement Learning with Movement Primitives</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09622">arxiv:2210.09622</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Fabian Otto, Onur Celik, Hongyi Zhou, Hanna Ziesche, Ngo Anh Vien, Gerhard Neumann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** \Episode-based reinforcement learning (ERL) algorithms treat reinforcement learning (RL) as a black-box optimization problem where we learn to select a parameter vector of a controller, often represented as a movement primitive, for a given task descriptor called a context. ERL offers several distinct benefits in comparison to step-based RL. It generates smooth control trajectories, can handle non-Markovian reward definitions, and the resulting exploration in parameter space is well suited for solving sparse reward settings. Yet, the high dimensionality of the movement primitive parameters has so far hampered the effective use of deep RL methods. In this paper, we present a new algorithm for deep ERL. It is based on differentiable trust region layers, a successful on-policy deep RL algorithm. These layers allow us to specify trust regions for the policy update that are solved exactly for each state using convex optimization, which enables policies learning with the high precision required for the ERL. We compare our ERL algorithm to state-of-the-art step-based algorithms in many complex simulated robotic control tasks. In doing so, we investigate different reward formulations - dense, sparse, and non-Markovian. While step-based algorithms perform well only on dense rewards, ERL performs favorably on sparse and non-Markovian rewards. Moreover, our results show that the sparse and the non-Markovian rewards are also often better suited to define the desired behavior, allowing us to obtain considerably higher quality policies compared to step-based RL.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Language Model Decomposition: Quantifying the Dependency and Correlation of Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10289">arxiv:2210.10289</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Hao Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pre-trained language models (LMs), such as BERT (Devlin et al., 2018) and its variants, have led to significant improvements on various NLP tasks in past years. However, a theoretical framework for studying their relationships is still missing. In this paper, we fill this gap by investigating the linear dependency between pre-trained LMs. The linear dependency of LMs is defined analogously to the linear dependency of vectors. We propose Language Model Decomposition (LMD) to represent a LM using a linear combination of other LMs as basis, and derive the closed-form solution. A goodness-of-fit metric for LMD similar to the coefficient of determination is defined and used to measure the linear dependency of a set of LMs. In experiments, we find that BERT and eleven (11) BERT-like LMs are 91% linearly dependent. This observation suggests that current state-of-the-art (SOTA) LMs are highly "correlated". To further advance SOTA we need more diverse and novel LMs that are less dependent on existing LMs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Adversarial Robustness of Mixture of Experts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10253">arxiv:2210.10253</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Joan Puigcerver, Rodolphe Jenatton, Carlos Riquelme, Pranjal Awasthi, Srinadh Bhojanapalli</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adversarial robustness is a key desirable property of neural networks. It has been empirically shown to be affected by their sizes, with larger networks being typically more robust. Recently, Bubeck and Sellke proved a lower bound on the Lipschitz constant of functions that fit the training data in terms of their number of parameters. This raises an interesting open question, do -- and can -- functions with more parameters, but not necessarily more computational cost, have better robustness? We study this question for sparse Mixture of Expert models (MoEs), that make it possible to scale up the model size for a roughly constant computational cost. We theoretically show that under certain conditions on the routing and the structure of the data, MoEs can have significantly smaller Lipschitz constants than their dense counterparts. The robustness of MoEs can suffer when the highest weighted experts for an input implement sufficiently different functions. We next empirically evaluate the robustness of MoEs on ImageNet using adversarial attacks and show they are indeed more robust than dense models with the same computational cost. We make key observations showing the robustness of MoEs to the choice of experts, highlighting the redundancy of experts in models trained in practice.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainable Slot Type Attentions to Improve Joint Intent Detection and Slot Filling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10227">arxiv:2210.10227</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Kalpa Gunaratna, Vijay Srinivasan, Akhila Yerukola, Hongxia Jin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Joint intent detection and slot filling is a key research topic in natural language understanding (NLU). Existing joint intent and slot filling systems analyze and compute features collectively for all slot types, and importantly, have no way to explain the slot filling model decisions. In this work, we propose a novel approach that: (i) learns to generate additional slot type specific features in order to improve accuracy and (ii) provides explanations for slot filling decisions for the first time in a joint NLU model. We perform an additional constrained supervision using a set of binary classifiers for the slot type specific feature learning, thus ensuring appropriate attention weights are learned in the process to explain slot filling decisions for utterances. Our model is inherently explainable and does not need any post-hoc processing. We evaluate our approach on two widely used datasets and show accuracy improvements. Moreover, a detailed analysis is also provided for the exclusive slot explainability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How Would The Viewer Feel? Estimating Wellbeing From Video Scenarios</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10039">arxiv:2210.10039</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Mantas Mazeika, Eric Tang, Andy Zou, Steven Basart, Jun Shern Chan, Dawn Song, David Forsyth, Jacob Steinhardt, Dan Hendrycks</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, deep neural networks have demonstrated increasingly strong abilities to recognize objects and activities in videos. However, as video understanding becomes widely used in real-world applications, a key consideration is developing human-centric systems that understand not only the content of the video but also how it would affect the wellbeing and emotional state of viewers. To facilitate research in this setting, we introduce two large-scale datasets with over 60,000 videos manually annotated for emotional response and subjective wellbeing. The Video Cognitive Empathy (VCE) dataset contains annotations for distributions of fine-grained emotional responses, allowing models to gain a detailed understanding of affective states. The Video to Valence (V2V) dataset contains annotations of relative pleasantness between videos, which enables predicting a continuous spectrum of wellbeing. In experiments, we show how video models that are primarily trained to recognize actions and find contours of objects can be repurposed to understand human preferences and the emotional content of videos. Although there is room for improvement, predicting wellbeing and emotional response is on the horizon for state-of-the-art models. We hope our datasets can help foster further advances at the intersection of commonsense video understanding and human preference learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Classification Thresholds for Graph Attention with Edge Features</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10014">arxiv:2210.10014</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Kimon Fountoulakis, Dake He, Silvio Lattanzi, Bryan Perozzi, Anton Tsitsulin, Shenghao Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The recent years we have seen the rise of graph neural networks for prediction tasks on graphs. One of the dominant architectures is graph attention due to its ability to make predictions using weighted edge features and not only node features. In this paper we analyze, theoretically and empirically, graph attention networks and their ability of correctly labelling nodes in a classic classification task. More specifically, we study the performance of graph attention on the classic contextual stochastic block model (CSBM). In CSBM the nodes and edge features are obtained from a mixture of Gaussians and the edges from a stochastic block model. We consider a general graph attention mechanism that takes random edge features as input to determine the attention coefficients. We study two cases, in the first one, when the edge features are noisy, we prove that the majority of the attention coefficients are up to a constant uniform. This allows us to prove that graph attention with edge features is not better than simple graph convolution for achieving perfect node classification. Second, we prove that when the edge features are clean graph attention can distinguish intra- from inter-edges and this makes graph attention better than classic graph convolution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Perceptual Grouping in Vision-Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09996">arxiv:2210.09996</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Kanchana Ranasinghe, Brandon McKinzie, Sachin Ravi, Yinfei Yang, Alexander Toshev, Jonathon Shlens</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances in zero-shot image recognition suggest that vision-language models learn generic visual representations with a high degree of semantic information that may be arbitrarily probed with natural language phrases. Understanding an image, however, is not just about understanding what content resides within an image, but importantly, where that content resides. In this work we examine how well vision-language models are able to understand where objects reside within an image and group together visually related parts of the imagery. We demonstrate how contemporary vision and language representation learning models based on contrastive losses and large web-based data capture limited object localization information. We propose a minimal set of modifications that results in models that uniquely learn both semantic and spatial information. We measure this performance in terms of zero-shot image recognition, unsupervised bottom-up and top-down semantic segmentations, as well as robustness analyses. We find that the resulting model achieves state-of-the-art results in terms of unsupervised segmentation, and demonstrate that the learned representations are uniquely robust to spurious correlations in datasets designed to probe the causal behavior of vision models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transfer-learning for video classification: Video Swin Transformer on multiple domains</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09969">arxiv:2210.09969</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Daniel Oliveira, David Martins de Matos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The computer vision community has seen a shift from convolutional-based to pure transformer architectures for both image and video tasks. Training a transformer from zero for these tasks usually requires a lot of data and computational resources. Video Swin Transformer (VST) is a pure-transformer model developed for video classification which achieves state-of-the-art results in accuracy and efficiency on several datasets. In this paper, we aim to understand if VST generalizes well enough to be used in an out-of-domain setting. We study the performance of VST on two large-scale datasets, namely FCVID and Something-Something using a transfer learning approach from Kinetics-400, which requires around 4x less memory than training from scratch. We then break down the results to understand where VST fails the most and in which scenarios the transfer-learning approach is viable. Our experiments show an 85\% top-1 accuracy on FCVID without retraining the whole model which is equal to the state-of-the-art for the dataset and a 21\% accuracy on Something-Something. The experiments also suggest that the performance of the VST decreases on average when the video duration increases which seems to be a consequence of a design choice of the model. From the results, we conclude that VST generalizes well enough to classify out-of-domain videos without retraining when the target classes are from the same type as the classes used to train the model. We observed this effect when we performed transfer-learning from Kinetics-400 to FCVID, where most datasets target mostly objects. On the other hand, if the classes are not from the same type, then the accuracy after the transfer-learning approach is expected to be poor. We observed this effect when we performed transfer-learning from Kinetics-400, where the classes represent mostly objects, to Something-Something, where the classes represent mostly actions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Contextual bandits with concave rewards, and an application to fair ranking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09957">arxiv:2210.09957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Virginie Do, Elvis Dohmatob, Matteo Pirotta, Alessandro Lazaric, Nicolas Usunier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider Contextual Bandits with Concave Rewards (CBCR), a multi-objective bandit problem where the desired trade-off between the rewards is defined by a known concave objective function, and the reward vector depends on an observed stochastic context. We present the first algorithm with provably vanishing regret for CBCR without restrictions on the policy space, whereas prior works were restricted to finite policy spaces or tabular representations. Our solution is based on a geometric interpretation of CBCR algorithms as optimization algorithms over the convex set of expected rewards spanned by all stochastic policies. Building on Frank-Wolfe analyses in constrained convex optimization, we derive a novel reduction from the CBCR regret to the regret of a scalar-reward bandit problem. We illustrate how to apply the reduction off-the-shelf to obtain algorithms for CBCR with both linear and general reward functions, in the case of non-combinatorial actions. Motivated by fairness in recommendation, we describe a special case of CBCR with rankings and fairness-aware objectives, leading to the first algorithm with regret guarantees for contextual combinatorial bandits with fairness of exposure.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Proactive Information Retrieval in Noisy Text with Wikipedia Concepts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09877">arxiv:2210.09877</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Tabish Ahmed, Sahan Bulathwela</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Extracting useful information from the user history to clearly understand informational needs is a crucial feature of a proactive information retrieval system. Regarding understanding information and relevance, Wikipedia can provide the background knowledge that an intelligent system needs. This work explores how exploiting the context of a query using Wikipedia concepts can improve proactive information retrieval on noisy text. We formulate two models that use entity linking to associate Wikipedia topics with the relevance model. Our experiments around a podcast segment retrieval task demonstrate that there is a clear signal of relevance in Wikipedia concepts while a ranking model can improve precision by incorporating them. We also find Wikifying the background context of a query can help disambiguate the meaning of the query, further helping proactive information retrieval.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transfer learning with affine model transformation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09745">arxiv:2210.09745</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Shunya Minami, Kenji Fukumizu, Yoshihiro Hayashi, Ryo Yoshida</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Supervised transfer learning (TL) has received considerable attention because of its potential to boost the predictive power of machine learning in cases with limited data. In a conventional scenario, cross-domain differences are modeled and estimated using a given set of source models and samples from a target domain. For example, if there is a functional relationship between source and target domains, only domain-specific factors are additionally learned using target samples to shift the source models to the target. However, the general methodology for modeling and estimating such cross-domain shifts has been less studied. This study presents a TL framework that simultaneously and separately estimates domain shifts and domain-specific factors using given target samples. Assuming consistency and invertibility of the domain transformation functions, we derive an optimal family of functions to represent the cross-domain shift. The newly derived class of transformation functions takes the same form as invertible neural networks using affine coupling layers, which are widely used in generative deep learning. We show that the proposed method encompasses a wide range of existing methods, including the most common TL procedure based on feature extraction using neural networks. We also clarify the theoretical properties of the proposed method, such as the convergence rate of the generalization error, and demonstrate the practical benefits of separately modeling and estimating domain-specific factors through several case studies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Degradation-invariant Enhancement of Fundus Images via Pyramid Constraint Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09606">arxiv:2210.09606</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Haofeng Liu, Heng Li, Huazhu Fu, Ruoxiu Xiao, Yunshu Gao, Yan Hu, Jiang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As an economical and efficient fundus imaging modality, retinal fundus images have been widely adopted in clinical fundus examination. Unfortunately, fundus images often suffer from quality degradation caused by imaging interferences, leading to misdiagnosis. Despite impressive enhancement performances that state-of-the-art methods have achieved, challenges remain in clinical scenarios. For boosting the clinical deployment of fundus image enhancement, this paper proposes the pyramid constraint to develop a degradation-invariant enhancement network (PCE-Net), which mitigates the demand for clinical data and stably enhances unknown data. Firstly, high-quality images are randomly degraded to form sequences of low-quality ones sharing the same content (SeqLCs). Then individual low-quality images are decomposed to Laplacian pyramid features (LPF) as the multi-level input for the enhancement. Subsequently, a feature pyramid constraint (FPC) for the sequence is introduced to enforce the PCE-Net to learn a degradation-invariant model. Extensive experiments have been conducted under the evaluation metrics of enhancement and segmentation. The effectiveness of the PCE-Net was demonstrated in comparison with state-of-the-art methods and the ablation study. The source code of this study is publicly available at https://github.com/HeverLaw/PCENet-Image-Enhancement.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Training set cleansing of backdoor poisoning by self-supervised representation learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10272">arxiv:2210.10272</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>H. Wang, S. Karami, O. Dia, H. Ritter, E. Emamjomeh-Zadeh, J. Chen, Z. Xiang, D. J. Miller, G. Kesidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A backdoor or Trojan attack is an important type of data poisoning attack against deep neural network (DNN) classifiers, wherein the training dataset is poisoned with a small number of samples that each possess the backdoor pattern (usually a pattern that is either imperceptible or innocuous) and which are mislabeled to the attacker's target class. When trained on a backdoor-poisoned dataset, a DNN behaves normally on most benign test samples but makes incorrect predictions to the target class when the test sample has the backdoor pattern incorporated (i.e., contains a backdoor trigger). Here we focus on image classification tasks and show that supervised training may build stronger association between the backdoor pattern and the associated target class than that between normal features and the true class of origin. By contrast, self-supervised representation learning ignores the labels of samples and learns a feature embedding based on images' semantic content. %We thus propose to use unsupervised representation learning to avoid emphasising backdoor-poisoned training samples and learn a similar feature embedding for samples of the same class. Using a feature embedding found by self-supervised representation learning, a data cleansing method, which combines sample filtering and re-labeling, is developed. Experiments on CIFAR-10 benchmark datasets show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance in mitigating backdoor attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Source Transformer Architectures for Audiovisual Scene Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10212">arxiv:2210.10212</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Wim Boes, Hugo Van hamme</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this technical report, the systems we submitted for subtask 1B of the DCASE 2021 challenge, regarding audiovisual scene classification, are described in detail. They are essentially multi-source transformers employing a combination of auditory and visual features to make predictions. These models are evaluated utilizing the macro-averaged multi-class cross-entropy and accuracy metrics.
  In terms of the macro-averaged multi-class cross-entropy, our best model achieved a score of 0.620 on the validation data. This is slightly better than the performance of the baseline system (0.658).
  With regard to the accuracy measure, our best model achieved a score of 77.1\% on the validation data, which is about the same as the performance obtained by the baseline system (77.0\%).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Entity-Focused Dense Passage Retrieval for Outside-Knowledge Visual Question Answering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10176">arxiv:2210.10176</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Jialin Wu, Raymond J. Mooney</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most Outside-Knowledge Visual Question Answering (OK-VQA) systems employ a two-stage framework that first retrieves external knowledge given the visual question and then predicts the answer based on the retrieved content. However, the retrieved knowledge is often inadequate. Retrievals are frequently too general and fail to cover specific knowledge needed to answer the question. Also, the naturally available supervision (whether the passage contains the correct answer) is weak and does not guarantee question relevancy. To address these issues, we propose an Entity-Focused Retrieval (EnFoRe) model that provides stronger supervision during training and recognizes question-relevant entities to help retrieve more specific knowledge. Experiments show that our EnFoRe model achieves superior retrieval performance on OK-VQA, the currently largest outside-knowledge VQA dataset. We also combine the retrieved knowledge with state-of-the-art VQA models, and achieve a new state-of-the-art performance on OK-VQA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Nonparametric Quantile Regression: Non-Crossing Constraints and Conformal Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10161">arxiv:2210.10161</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Wenlu Tang, Guohao Shen, Yuanyuan Lin, Jian Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a nonparametric quantile regression method using deep neural networks with a rectified linear unit penalty function to avoid quantile crossing. This penalty function is computationally feasible for enforcing non-crossing constraints in multi-dimensional nonparametric quantile regression. We establish non-asymptotic upper bounds for the excess risk of the proposed nonparametric quantile regression function estimators. Our error bounds achieve optimal minimax rate of convergence for the Holder class, and the prefactors of the error bounds depend polynomially on the dimension of the predictor, instead of exponentially. Based on the proposed non-crossing penalized deep quantile regression, we construct conformal prediction intervals that are fully adaptive to heterogeneity. The proposed prediction interval is shown to have good properties in terms of validity and accuracy under reasonable conditions. We also derive non-asymptotic upper bounds for the difference of the lengths between the proposed non-crossing conformal prediction interval and the theoretically oracle prediction interval. Numerical experiments including simulation studies and a real data example are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hidden State Variability of Pretrained Language Models Can Guide Computation Reduction for Transfer Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10041">arxiv:2210.10041</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Shuo Xie, Jiahao Qiu, Ankita Pasad, Li Du, Qing Qu, Hongyuan Mei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While transferring a pretrained language model, common approaches conventionally attach their task-specific classifiers to the top layer and adapt all the pretrained layers. We investigate whether one could make a task-specific selection on which subset of the layers to adapt and where to place the classifier. The goal is to reduce the computation cost of transfer learning methods (e.g. fine-tuning or adapter-tuning) without sacrificing its performance.
  We propose to select layers based on the variability of their hidden states given a task-specific corpus. We say a layer is already "well-specialized" in a task if the within-class variability of its hidden states is low relative to the between-class variability. Our variability metric is cheap to compute and doesn't need any training or hyperparameter tuning. It is robust to data imbalance and data scarcity. Extensive experiments on the GLUE benchmark demonstrate that selecting layers based on our metric can yield significantly stronger performance than using the same number of top layers and often match the performance of fine-tuning or adapter-tuning the entire language model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Theoretical Guarantees for Permutation-Equivariant Quantum Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09974">arxiv:2210.09974</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Louis Schatzki, Martin Larocca, Frederic Sauvage, M. Cerezo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the great promise of quantum machine learning models, there are several challenges one must overcome before unlocking their full potential. For instance, models based on quantum neural networks (QNNs) can suffer from excessive local minima and barren plateaus in their training landscapes. Recently, the nascent field of geometric quantum machine learning (GQML) has emerged as a potential solution to some of those issues. The key insight of GQML is that one should design architectures, such as equivariant QNNs, encoding the symmetries of the problem at hand. Here, we focus on problems with permutation symmetry (i.e., the group of symmetry $S_n$), and show how to build $S_n$-equivariant QNNs. We provide an analytical study of their performance, proving that they do not suffer from barren plateaus, quickly reach overparametrization, and can generalize well from small amounts of data. To verify our results, we perform numerical simulations for a graph state classification task. Our work provides the first theoretical guarantees for equivariant QNNs, thus indicating the extreme power and potential of GQML.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting Winning Regions in Parity Games via Graph Neural Networks (Extended Abstract)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09924">arxiv:2210.09924</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Tobias Hecking, Alexander Weinert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Solving parity games is a major building block for numerous applications in reactive program verification and synthesis. While there exist efficient approaches to solving parity games in practice, none of these have a polynomial worst-case runtime complexity. We present a incomplete approach to determining the winning regions of parity games via graph neural networks. Our evaluation on 900 randomly generated parity games shows that this approach is efficient in practice. It moreover correctly determines the winning regions of ~60% of the games in our data set and only incurs minor errors in the remaining ones.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Eye-tracking based classification of Mandarin Chinese readers with and without dyslexia using neural sequence models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09819">arxiv:2210.09819</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Patrick Haller, Andreas Säuberli, Sarah Elisabeth Kiener, Jinger Pan, Ming Yan, Lena Jäger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Eye movements are known to reflect cognitive processes in reading, and psychological reading research has shown that eye gaze patterns differ between readers with and without dyslexia. In recent years, researchers have attempted to classify readers with dyslexia based on their eye movements using Support Vector Machines (SVMs). However, these approaches (i) are based on highly aggregated features averaged over all words read by a participant, thus disregarding the sequential nature of the eye movements, and (ii) do not consider the linguistic stimulus and its interaction with the reader's eye movements. In the present work, we propose two simple sequence models that process eye movements on the entire stimulus without the need of aggregating features across the sentence. Additionally, we incorporate the linguistic stimulus into the model in two ways -- contextualized word embeddings and manually extracted linguistic features. The models are evaluated on a Mandarin Chinese dataset containing eye movements from children with and without dyslexia. Our results show that (i) even for a logographic script such as Chinese, sequence models are able to classify dyslexia on eye gaze sequences, reaching state-of-the-art performance, and (ii) incorporating the linguistic stimulus does not help to improve classification performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Retrofitting Multilingual Sentence Embeddings with Abstract Meaning Representation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09773">arxiv:2210.09773</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Deng Cai, Xin Li, Jackie Chun-Sing Ho, Lidong Bing, Wai Lam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a new method to improve existing multilingual sentence embeddings with Abstract Meaning Representation (AMR). Compared with the original textual input, AMR is a structured semantic representation that presents the core concepts and relations in a sentence explicitly and unambiguously. It also helps reduce surface variations across different expressions and languages. Unlike most prior work that only evaluates the ability to measure semantic similarity, we present a thorough evaluation of existing multilingual sentence embeddings and our improved versions, which include a collection of five transfer tasks in different downstream applications. Experiment results show that retrofitting multilingual sentence embeddings with AMR leads to better state-of-the-art performance on both semantic textual similarity and transfer tasks. Our codebase and evaluation scripts can be found at \url{https://github.com/jcyk/MSE-AMR}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Virtual Reality via Object Poses and Active Learning: Realizing Telepresence Robots with Aerial Manipulation Capabilities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09678">arxiv:2210.09678</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Jongseok Lee, Ribin Balachandran, Konstantin Kondak, Andre Coelho, Marco De Stefano, Matthias Humt, Jianxiang Feng, Tamim Asfour, Rudolph Triebel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This article presents a novel telepresence system for advancing aerial manipulation in dynamic and unstructured environments. The proposed system not only features a haptic device, but also a virtual reality (VR) interface that provides real-time 3D displays of the robot's workspace as well as a haptic guidance to its remotely located operator. To realize this, multiple sensors namely a LiDAR, cameras and IMUs are utilized. For processing of the acquired sensory data, pose estimation pipelines are devised for industrial objects of both known and unknown geometries. We further propose an active learning pipeline in order to increase the sample efficiency of a pipeline component that relies on Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) based object detection. All these algorithms jointly address various challenges encountered during the execution of perception tasks in industrial scenarios. In the experiments, exhaustive ablation studies are provided to validate the proposed pipelines. Methodologically, these results commonly suggest how an awareness of the algorithms' own failures and uncertainty ("introspection") can be used tackle the encountered problems. Moreover, outdoor experiments are conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the overall system in enhancing aerial manipulation capabilities. In particular, with flight campaigns over days and nights, from spring to winter, and with different users and locations, we demonstrate over 70 robust executions of pick-and-place, force application and peg-in-hole tasks with the DLR cable-Suspended Aerial Manipulator (SAM). As a result, we show the viability of the proposed system in future industrial applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalization Properties of Decision Trees on Real-valued and Categorical Features</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10781">arxiv:2210.10781</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jean-Samuel Leboeuf, Frédéric LeBlanc, Mario Marchand</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We revisit binary decision trees from the perspective of partitions of the data. We introduce the notion of partitioning function, and we relate it to the growth function and to the VC dimension. We consider three types of features: real-valued, categorical ordinal and categorical nominal, with different split rules for each. For each feature type, we upper bound the partitioning function of the class of decision stumps before extending the bounds to the class of general decision tree (of any fixed structure) using a recursive approach. Using these new results, we are able to find the exact VC dimension of decision stumps on examples of $\ell$ real-valued features, which is given by the largest integer $d$ such that $2\ell \ge \binom{d}{\lfloor\frac{d}{2}\rfloor}$. Furthermore, we show that the VC dimension of a binary tree structure with $L_T$ leaves on examples of $\ell$ real-valued features is in $O(L_T \log(L_T\ell))$. Finally, we elaborate a pruning algorithm based on these results that performs better than the cost-complexity and reduced-error pruning algorithms on a number of data sets, with the advantage that no cross-validation is required.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Multi-Representation Model for Click-Through Rate Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10664">arxiv:2210.10664</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shereen Elsayed, Lars Schmidt-Thieme</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Click-Through Rate prediction (CTR) is a crucial task in recommender systems, and it gained considerable attention in the past few years. The primary purpose of recent research emphasizes obtaining meaningful and powerful representations through mining low and high feature interactions using various components such as Deep Neural Networks (DNN), CrossNets, or transformer blocks. In this work, we propose the Deep Multi-Representation model (DeepMR) that jointly trains a mixture of two powerful feature representation learning components, namely DNNs and multi-head self-attentions. Furthermore, DeepMR integrates the novel residual with zero initialization (ReZero) connections to the DNN and the multi-head self-attention components for learning superior input representations. Experiments on three real-world datasets show that the proposed model significantly outperforms all state-of-the-art models in the task of click-through rate prediction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast Approximation of the Generalized Sliced-Wasserstein Distance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10268">arxiv:2210.10268</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Dung Le, Huy Nguyen, Khai Nguyen, Trang Nguyen, Nhat Ho</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generalized sliced Wasserstein distance is a variant of sliced Wasserstein distance that exploits the power of non-linear projection through a given defining function to better capture the complex structures of the probability distributions. Similar to sliced Wasserstein distance, generalized sliced Wasserstein is defined as an expectation over random projections which can be approximated by the Monte Carlo method. However, the complexity of that approximation can be expensive in high-dimensional settings. To that end, we propose to form deterministic and fast approximations of the generalized sliced Wasserstein distance by using the concentration of random projections when the defining functions are polynomial function, circular function, and neural network type function. Our approximations hinge upon an important result that one-dimensional projections of a high-dimensional random vector are approximately Gaussian.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discovering Limitations of Image Quality Assessments with Noised Deep Learning Image Sets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10249">arxiv:2210.10249</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Wei Dai, Daniel Berleant</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image quality is important, and it can affect overall performance in image processing and computer vision as well as for numerous other reasons. Image quality assessment (IQA) is consequently a vital task in different applications from aerial photography interpretation to object detection to medical image analysis. In previous research, the BRISQUE algorithm and the PSNR algorithm were evaluated with high resolution ( 512*384 pixels per image), but relatively small image sets (4,744 images). However, scientists have not evaluated IQA algorithms on low resolution (32*32 pixels per image), multi-perturbation, big image sets (for example, 60,000 different images not counting their perturbations). This study explores these two IQA algorithms through experimental investigation. We first chose two deep learning image sets, CIFAR-10 and MNIST. Then, we added 68 perturbations that add noise to the images in specific sequences and noise intensities. In addition, we tracked the performance outputs of the two IQA algorithms with singly and multiply noised images. After quantitatively analyzing experimental results, we report the limitations of the two IQAs with these noised CIFAR-10 and MNIST image sets. We also explain three potential root causes for performance degradation. These findings point out weaknesses of the two IQA algorithms. The research results provide guidance to scientists and engineers developing accurate, robust IQA algorithms. In addition to supporting future scientific research and industrial projects, all source codes are shared on the website: https://github.com/caperock/imagequality

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rethinking Prototypical Contrastive Learning through Alignment, Uniformity and Correlation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10194">arxiv:2210.10194</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shentong Mo, Zhun Sun, Chao Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Contrastive self-supervised learning (CSL) with a prototypical regularization has been introduced in learning meaningful representations for downstream tasks that require strong semantic information. However, to optimize CSL with a loss that performs the prototypical regularization aggressively, e.g., the ProtoNCE loss, might cause the "coagulation" of examples in the embedding space. That is, the intra-prototype diversity of samples collapses to trivial solutions for their prototype being well-separated from others. Motivated by previous works, we propose to mitigate this phenomenon by learning Prototypical representation through Alignment, Uniformity and Correlation (PAUC). Specifically, the ordinary ProtoNCE loss is revised with: (1) an alignment loss that pulls embeddings from positive prototypes together; (2) a uniformity loss that distributes the prototypical level features uniformly; (3) a correlation loss that increases the diversity and discriminability between prototypical level features. We conduct extensive experiments on various benchmarks where the results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method in improving the quality of prototypical contrastive representations. Particularly, in the classification down-stream tasks with linear probes, our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art instance-wise and prototypical contrastive learning methods on the ImageNet-100 dataset by 2.96% and the ImageNet-1K dataset by 2.46% under the same settings of batch size and epochs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RAPO: An Adaptive Ranking Paradigm for Bilingual Lexicon Induction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09926">arxiv:2210.09926</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhoujin Tian, Chaozhuo Li, Shuo Ren, Zhiqiang Zuo, Zengxuan Wen, Xinyue Hu, Xiao Han, Haizhen Huang, Denvy Deng, Qi Zhang, Xing Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bilingual lexicon induction induces the word translations by aligning independently trained word embeddings in two languages. Existing approaches generally focus on minimizing the distances between words in the aligned pairs, while suffering from low discriminative capability to distinguish the relative orders between positive and negative candidates. In addition, the mapping function is globally shared by all words, whose performance might be hindered by the deviations in the distributions of different languages. In this work, we propose a novel ranking-oriented induction model RAPO to learn personalized mapping function for each word. RAPO is capable of enjoying the merits from the unique characteristics of a single word and the cross-language isomorphism simultaneously. Extensive experimental results on public datasets including both rich-resource and low-resource languages demonstrate the superiority of our proposal. Our code is publicly available in \url{https://github.com/Jlfj345wf/RAPO}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>WaGI : Wavelet-based GAN Inversion for Preserving High-frequency Image Details</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09655">arxiv:2210.09655</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Seung-Jun Moon, Chaewon Kim, Gyeong-Moon Park</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent GAN inversion models focus on preserving image-specific details through various methods, e.g., generator tuning or feature mixing. While those are helpful for preserving details compared to a naiive low-rate latent inversion, they still fail to maintain high-frequency features precisely. In this paper, we point out that the existing GAN inversion models have inherent limitations in both structural and training aspects, which preclude the delicate reconstruction of high-frequency features. Especially, we prove that the widely-used loss term in GAN inversion, i.e., L2, is biased to reconstruct low-frequency features mainly. To overcome this problem, we propose a novel GAN inversion model, coined WaGI, which enables to handle high-frequency features explicitly, by using a novel wavelet-based loss term and a newly proposed wavelet fusion scheme. To the best of our knowledge, WaGI is the first attempt to interpret GAN inversion in the frequency domain. We demonstrate that WaGI shows outstanding results on both inversion and editing, compared to the existing state-of-the-art GAN inversion models. Especially, WaGI robustly preserves high-frequency features of images even in the editing scenario. We will release our code with the pre-trained model after the review.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Making Split Learning Resilient to Label Leakage by Potential Energy Loss</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09617">arxiv:2210.09617</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Fei Zheng, Chaochao Chen, Binhui Yao, Xiaolin Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As a practical privacy-preserving learning method, split learning has drawn much attention in academia and industry. However, its security is constantly being questioned since the intermediate results are shared during training and inference. In this paper, we focus on the privacy leakage problem caused by the trained split model, i.e., the attacker can use a few labeled samples to fine-tune the bottom model, and gets quite good performance. To prevent such kind of privacy leakage, we propose the potential energy loss to make the output of the bottom model become a more `complicated' distribution, by pushing outputs of the same class towards the decision boundary. Therefore, the adversary suffers a large generalization error when fine-tuning the bottom model with only a few leaked labeled samples. Experiment results show that our method significantly lowers the attacker's fine-tuning accuracy, making the split model more resilient to label leakage.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Planning for Sample Efficient Imitation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09598">arxiv:2210.09598</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhao-Heng Yin, Weirui Ye, Qifeng Chen, Yang Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Imitation learning is a class of promising policy learning algorithms that is free from many practical issues with reinforcement learning, such as the reward design issue and the exploration hardness. However, the current imitation algorithm struggles to achieve both high performance and high in-environment sample efficiency simultaneously. Behavioral Cloning (BC) does not need in-environment interactions, but it suffers from the covariate shift problem which harms its performance. Adversarial Imitation Learning (AIL) turns imitation learning into a distribution matching problem. It can achieve better performance on some tasks but it requires a large number of in-environment interactions. Inspired by the recent success of EfficientZero in RL, we propose EfficientImitate (EI), a planning-based imitation learning method that can achieve high in-environment sample efficiency and performance simultaneously. Our algorithmic contribution in this paper is two-fold. First, we extend AIL into the MCTS-based RL. Second, we show the seemingly incompatible two classes of imitation algorithms (BC and AIL) can be naturally unified under our framework, enjoying the benefits of both. We benchmark our method not only on the state-based DeepMind Control Suite, but also on the image version which many previous works find highly challenging. Experimental results show that EI achieves state-of-the-art results in performance and sample efficiency. EI shows over 4x gain in performance in the limited sample setting on state-based and image-based tasks and can solve challenging problems like Humanoid, where previous methods fail with small amount of interactions. Our code is available at https://github.com/zhaohengyin/EfficientImitate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Differentiable Self-Adaptive Learning Rate</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10290">arxiv:2210.10290</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Bozhou Chen, Hongzhi Wang, Chenmin Ba</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning rate adaptation is a popular topic in machine learning. Gradient Descent trains neural nerwork with a fixed learning rate. Learning rate adaptation is proposed to accelerate the training process through adjusting the step size in the training session. Famous works include Momentum, Adam and Hypergradient. Hypergradient is the most special one. Hypergradient achieved adaptation by calculating the derivative of learning rate with respect to cost function and utilizing gradient descent for learning rate. However, Hypergradient is still not perfect. In practice, Hypergradient fail to decrease training loss after learning rate adaptation with a large probability. Apart from that, evidence has been found that Hypergradient are not suitable for dealing with large datesets in the form of minibatch training. Most unfortunately, Hypergradient always fails to get a good accuracy on the validation dataset although it could reduce training loss to a very tiny value. To solve Hypergradient's problems, we propose a novel adaptation algorithm, where learning rate is parameter specific and internal structured. We conduct extensive experiments on multiple network models and datasets compared with various benchmark optimizers. It is shown that our algorithm can achieve faster and higher qualified convergence than those state-of-art optimizers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Explaining Distribution Shifts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10275">arxiv:2210.10275</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sean Kulinski, David I. Inouye</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A distribution shift can have fundamental consequences such as signaling a change in the operating environment or significantly reducing the accuracy of downstream models. Thus, understanding distribution shifts is critical for examining and hopefully mitigating the effect of such a shift. Most prior work has focused on merely detecting if a shift has occurred and assumes any detected shift can be understood and handled appropriately by a human operator. We hope to aid in these manual mitigation tasks by explaining the distribution shift using interpretable transportation maps from the original distribution to the shifted one. We derive our interpretable mappings from a relaxation of the optimal transport problem, where the candidate mappings are restricted to a set of interpretable mappings. We then use quintessential examples of distribution shift in simulated and real-world cases to showcase how our explanatory mappings provide a better balance between detail and interpretability than the de facto standard mean shift explanation by both visual inspection and our PercentExplained metric.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Causal Structure Learning with Recommendation System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10256">arxiv:2210.10256</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Shuyuan Xu, Da Xu, Evren Korpeoglu, Sushant Kumar, Stephen Guo, Kannan Achan, Yongfeng Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A fundamental challenge of recommendation systems (RS) is understanding the causal dynamics underlying users' decision making. Most existing literature addresses this problem by using causal structures inferred from domain knowledge. However, there are numerous phenomenons where domain knowledge is insufficient, and the causal mechanisms must be learnt from the feedback data. Discovering the causal mechanism from RS feedback data is both novel and challenging, since RS itself is a source of intervention that can influence both the users' exposure and their willingness to interact. Also for this reason, most existing solutions become inappropriate since they require data collected free from any RS. In this paper, we first formulate the underlying causal mechanism as a causal structural model and describe a general causal structure learning framework grounded in the real-world working mechanism of RS. The essence of our approach is to acknowledge the unknown nature of RS intervention. We then derive the learning objective from our framework and propose an augmented Lagrangian solver for efficient optimization. We conduct both simulation and real-world experiments to demonstrate how our approach compares favorably to existing solutions, together with the empirical analysis from sensitivity and ablation studies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Non-iterative optimization of pseudo-labeling thresholds for training object detection models from multiple datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10221">arxiv:2210.10221</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yuki Tanaka, Shuhei M. Yoshida, Makoto Terao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a non-iterative method to optimize pseudo-labeling thresholds for learning object detection from a collection of low-cost datasets, each of which is annotated for only a subset of all the object classes. A popular approach to this problem is first to train teacher models and then to use their confident predictions as pseudo ground-truth labels when training a student model. To obtain the best result, however, thresholds for prediction confidence must be adjusted. This process typically involves iterative search and repeated training of student models and is time-consuming. Therefore, we develop a method to optimize the thresholds without iterative optimization by maximizing the $F_β$-score on a validation dataset, which measures the quality of pseudo labels and can be measured without training a student model. We experimentally demonstrate that our proposed method achieves an mAP comparable to that of grid search on the COCO and VOC datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimizing Hierarchical Image VAEs for Sample Quality</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10205">arxiv:2210.10205</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Eric Luhman, Troy Luhman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While hierarchical variational autoencoders (VAEs) have achieved great density estimation on image modeling tasks, samples from their prior tend to look less convincing than models with similar log-likelihood. We attribute this to learned representations that over-emphasize compressing imperceptible details of the image. To address this, we introduce a KL-reweighting strategy to control the amount of infor mation in each latent group, and employ a Gaussian output layer to reduce sharpness in the learning objective. To trade off image diversity for fidelity, we additionally introduce a classifier-free guidance strategy for hierarchical VAEs. We demonstrate the effectiveness of these techniques in our experiments. Code is available at https://github.com/tcl9876/visual-vae.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Proximal Learning With Opponent-Learning Awareness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10125">arxiv:2210.10125</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Stephen Zhao, Chris Lu, Roger Baker Grosse, Jakob Nicolaus Foerster</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning With Opponent-Learning Awareness (LOLA) (Foerster et al. [2018a]) is a multi-agent reinforcement learning algorithm that typically learns reciprocity-based cooperation in partially competitive environments. However, LOLA often fails to learn such behaviour on more complex policy spaces parameterized by neural networks, partly because the update rule is sensitive to the policy parameterization. This problem is especially pronounced in the opponent modeling setting, where the opponent's policy is unknown and must be inferred from observations; in such settings, LOLA is ill-specified because behaviorally equivalent opponent policies can result in non-equivalent updates. To address this shortcoming, we reinterpret LOLA as approximating a proximal operator, and then derive a new algorithm, proximal LOLA (POLA), which uses the proximal formulation directly. Unlike LOLA, the POLA updates are parameterization invariant, in the sense that when the proximal objective has a unique optimum, behaviorally equivalent policies result in behaviorally equivalent updates. We then present practical approximations to the ideal POLA update, which we evaluate in several partially competitive environments with function approximation and opponent modeling. This empirically demonstrates that POLA achieves reciprocity-based cooperation more reliably than LOLA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Trixi the Librarian</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10110">arxiv:2210.10110</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Fabian Wieczorek, Shang-Ching Liu, Björn Sygo, Mykhailo Koshil</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we present a three-part system that automatically sorts books on a shelf using the PR- 2 platform. The paper describes a methodology to sufficiently detect and recognize books using a multistep vision pipeline based on deep learning models as well as conventional computer vision. Furthermore, the difficulties of relocating books using a bi-manual robot along with solutions based on MoveIt and BioIK are being addressed. Experiments show that the performance is overall good enough to repeatedly sort three books on a shelf. Nevertheless, further improvements are being discussed, potentially leading to a more robust book recognition and more versatile manipulation techniques.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How to Boost Face Recognition with StyleGAN?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10090">arxiv:2210.10090</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Artem Sevastopolsky, Yury Malkov, Nikita Durasov, Luisa Verdoliva, Matthias Nießner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** State-of-the-art face recognition systems require huge amounts of labeled training data. Given the priority of privacy in face recognition applications, the data is limited to celebrity web crawls, which have issues such as skewed distributions of ethnicities and limited numbers of identities. On the other hand, the self-supervised revolution in the industry motivates research on adaptation of the related techniques to facial recognition. One of the most popular practical tricks is to augment the dataset by the samples drawn from the high-resolution high-fidelity models (e.g. StyleGAN-like), while preserving the identity. We show that a simple approach based on fine-tuning an encoder for StyleGAN allows to improve upon the state-of-the-art facial recognition and performs better compared to training on synthetic face identities. We also collect large-scale unlabeled datasets with controllable ethnic constitution -- AfricanFaceSet-5M (5 million images of different people) and AsianFaceSet-3M (3 million images of different people) and we show that pretraining on each of them improves recognition of the respective ethnicities (as well as also others), while combining all unlabeled datasets results in the biggest performance increase. Our self-supervised strategy is the most useful with limited amounts of labeled training data, which can be beneficial for more tailored face recognition tasks and when facing privacy concerns. Evaluation is provided based on a standard RFW dataset and a new large-scale RB-WebFace benchmark.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Auditing YouTube's Recommendation Algorithm for Misinformation Filter Bubbles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10085">arxiv:2210.10085</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ivan Srba, Robert Moro, Matus Tomlein, Branislav Pecher, Jakub Simko, Elena Stefancova, Michal Kompan, Andrea Hrckova, Juraj Podrouzek, Adrian Gavornik, Maria Bielikova</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present results of an auditing study performed over YouTube aimed at investigating how fast a user can get into a misinformation filter bubble, but also what it takes to "burst the bubble", i.e., revert the bubble enclosure. We employ a sock puppet audit methodology, in which pre-programmed agents (acting as YouTube users) delve into misinformation filter bubbles by watching misinformation promoting content. Then they try to burst the bubbles and reach more balanced recommendations by watching misinformation debunking content. We record search results, home page results, and recommendations for the watched videos. Overall, we recorded 17,405 unique videos, out of which we manually annotated 2,914 for the presence of misinformation. The labeled data was used to train a machine learning model classifying videos into three classes (promoting, debunking, neutral) with the accuracy of 0.82. We use the trained model to classify the remaining videos that would not be feasible to annotate manually.
  Using both the manually and automatically annotated data, we observe the misinformation bubble dynamics for a range of audited topics. Our key finding is that even though filter bubbles do not appear in some situations, when they do, it is possible to burst them by watching misinformation debunking content (albeit it manifests differently from topic to topic). We also observe a sudden decrease of misinformation filter bubble effect when misinformation debunking videos are watched after misinformation promoting videos, suggesting a strong contextuality of recommendations. Finally, when comparing our results with a previous similar study, we do not observe significant improvements in the overall quantity of recommended misinformation content.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detecting and analyzing missing citations to published scientific entities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10073">arxiv:2210.10073</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jialiang Lin, Yao Yu, Jiaxin Song, Xiaodong Shi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Proper citation is of great importance in academic writing for it enables knowledge accumulation and maintains academic integrity. However, citing properly is not an easy task. For published scientific entities, the ever-growing academic publications and over-familiarity of terms easily lead to missing citations. To deal with this situation, we design a special method Citation Recommendation for Published Scientific Entity (CRPSE) based on the cooccurrences between published scientific entities and in-text citations in the same sentences from previous researchers. Experimental outcomes show the effectiveness of our method in recommending the source papers for published scientific entities. We further conduct a statistical analysis on missing citations among papers published in prestigious computer science conferences in 2020. In the 12,278 papers collected, 475 published scientific entities of computer science and mathematics are found to have missing citations. Many entities mentioned without citations are found to be well-accepted research results. On a median basis, the papers proposing these published scientific entities with missing citations were published 8 years ago, which can be considered the time frame for a published scientific entity to develop into a well-accepted concept. For published scientific entities, we appeal for accurate and full citation of their source papers as required by academic standards.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainable bilevel optimization: an application to the Helsinki deblur challenge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10050">arxiv:2210.10050</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Silvia Bonettini, Giorgia Franchini, Danilo Pezzi, Marco Prato</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we present a bilevel optimization scheme for the solution of a general image deblurring problem, in which a parametric variational-like approach is encapsulated within a machine learning scheme to provide a high quality reconstructed image with automatically learned parameters. The ingredients of the variational lower level and the machine learning upper one are specifically chosen for the Helsinki Deblur Challenge 2021, in which sequences of letters are asked to be recovered from out-of-focus photographs with increasing levels of blur. Our proposed procedure for the reconstructed image consists in a fixed number of FISTA iterations applied to the minimization of an edge preserving and binarization enforcing regularized least-squares functional. The parameters defining the variational model and the optimization steps, which, unlike most deep learning approaches, all have a precise and interpretable meaning, are learned via either a similarity index or a support vector machine strategy. Numerical experiments on the test images provided by the challenge authors show significant gains with respect to a standard variational approach and performances comparable with those of some of the proposed deep learning based algorithms which require the optimization of millions of parameters.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rethinking Value Function Learning for Generalization in Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09960">arxiv:2210.09960</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Seungyong Moon, JunYeong Lee, Hyun Oh Song</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We focus on the problem of training RL agents on multiple training environments to improve observational generalization performance. In prior methods, policy and value networks are separately optimized using a disjoint network architecture to avoid interference and obtain a more accurate value function. We identify that the value network in the multiple-environment setting is more challenging to optimize and prone to overfitting training data than in the conventional single-environment setting. In addition, we find that appropriate regularization of the value network is required for better training and test performance. To this end, we propose Delayed-Critic Policy Gradient (DCPG), which implicitly penalizes the value estimates by optimizing the value network less frequently with more training data than the policy network, which can be implemented using a shared network architecture. Furthermore, we introduce a simple self-supervised task that learns the forward and inverse dynamics of environments using a single discriminator, which can be jointly optimized with the value network. Our proposed algorithms significantly improve observational generalization performance and sample efficiency in the Procgen Benchmark.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MMGA: Multimodal Learning with Graph Alignment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09946">arxiv:2210.09946</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xuan Yang, Yang Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multimodal pre-training breaks down the modality barriers and allows the individual modalities to be mutually augmented with information, resulting in significant advances in representation learning. However, graph modality, as a very general and important form of data, cannot be easily interacted with other modalities because of its non-regular nature. In this paper, we propose MMGA (Multimodal learning with Graph Alignment), a novel multimodal pre-training framework to incorporate information from graph (social network), image and text modalities on social media to enhance user representation learning. In MMGA, a multi-step graph alignment mechanism is proposed to add the self-supervision from graph modality to optimize the image and text encoders, while using the information from the image and text modalities to guide the graph encoder learning. We conduct experiments on the dataset crawled from Instagram. The experimental results show that MMGA works well on the dataset and improves the fans prediction task's performance. We release our dataset, the first social media multimodal dataset with graph, of 60,000 users labeled with specific topics based on 2 million posts to facilitate future research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Online Damage Recovery for Physical Robots with Hierarchical Quality-Diversity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09918">arxiv:2210.09918</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Maxime Allard, Simón C. Smith, Konstantinos Chatzilygeroudis, Bryan Lim, Antoine Cully</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In real-world environments, robots need to be resilient to damages and robust to unforeseen scenarios. Quality-Diversity (QD) algorithms have been successfully used to make robots adapt to damages in seconds by leveraging a diverse set of learned skills. A high diversity of skills increases the chances of a robot to succeed at overcoming new situations since there are more potential alternatives to solve a new task.However, finding and storing a large behavioural diversity of multiple skills often leads to an increase in computational complexity. Furthermore, robot planning in a large skill space is an additional challenge that arises with an increased number of skills. Hierarchical structures can help reducing this search and storage complexity by breaking down skills into primitive skills. In this paper, we introduce the Hierarchical Trial and Error algorithm, which uses a hierarchical behavioural repertoire to learn diverse skills and leverages them to make the robot adapt quickly in the physical world. We show that the hierarchical decomposition of skills enables the robot to learn more complex behaviours while keeping the learning of the repertoire tractable. Experiments with a hexapod robot show that our method solves a maze navigation tasks with 20% less actions in simulation, and 43% less actions in the physical world, for the most challenging scenarios than the best baselines while having 78% less complete failures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Uncertainty estimation for out-of-distribution detection in computational histopathology</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09909">arxiv:2210.09909</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Lea Goetz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In computational histopathology algorithms now outperform humans on a range of tasks, but to date none are employed for automated diagnoses in the clinic. Before algorithms can be involved in such high-stakes decisions they need to "know when they don't know", i.e., they need to estimate their predictive uncertainty. This allows them to defer potentially erroneous predictions to a human pathologist, thus increasing their safety. Here, we evaluate the predictive performance and calibration of several uncertainty estimation methods on clinical histopathology data. We show that a distance-aware uncertainty estimation method outperforms commonly used approaches, such as Monte Carlo dropout and deep ensembles. However, we observe a drop in predictive performance and calibration on novel samples across all uncertainty estimation methods tested. We also investigate the use of uncertainty thresholding to reject out-of-distribution samples for selective prediction. We demonstrate the limitations of this approach and suggest areas for future research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HistoStarGAN: A Unified Approach to Stain Normalisation, Stain Transfer and Stain Invariant Segmentation in Renal Histopathology</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09798">arxiv:2210.09798</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jelica Vasiljević, Friedrich Feuerhake, Cédric Wemmert, Thomas Lampert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Virtual stain transfer is a promising area of research in Computational Pathology, which has a great potential to alleviate important limitations when applying deeplearningbased solutions such as lack of annotations and sensitivity to a domain shift. However, in the literature, the majority of virtual staining approaches are trained for a specific staining or stain combination, and their extension to unseen stainings requires the acquisition of additional data and training. In this paper, we propose HistoStarGAN, a unified framework that performs stain transfer between multiple stainings, stain normalisation and stain invariant segmentation, all in one inference of the model. We demonstrate the generalisation abilities of the proposed solution to perform diverse stain transfer and accurate stain invariant segmentation over numerous unseen stainings, which is the first such demonstration in the field. Moreover, the pre-trained HistoStar-GAN model can serve as a synthetic data generator, which paves the way for the use of fully annotated synthetic image data to improve the training of deep learning-based algorithms. To illustrate the capabilities of our approach, as well as the potential risks in the microscopy domain, inspired by applications in natural images, we generated KidneyArtPathology, a fully annotated artificial image dataset for renal pathology.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Socially Assistive Robot using Automated Planning in a Paediatric Clinical Setting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09753">arxiv:2210.09753</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Alan Lindsay, Andres Ramirez-Duque, Ronald P. A. Petrick, Mary Ellen Foster</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present an ongoing project that aims to develop a social robot to help children cope with painful and distressing medical procedures in a clinical setting. Our approach uses automated planning as a core component for action selection in order to generate plans that include physical, sensory, and social actions for the robot to use when interacting with humans. A key capability of our system is that the robot's behaviour adapts based on the affective state of the child patient. The robot must operate in a challenging physical and social environment where appropriate and safe interaction with children, parents/caregivers, and healthcare professionals is crucial. In this paper, we present our system, examine some of the key challenges of the scenario, and describe how they are addressed by our system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Textual Entailment Recognition with Semantic Features from Empirical Text Representation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09723">arxiv:2210.09723</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Md Atabuzzaman, Md Shajalal, Maksuda Bilkis Baby, Md Rezaul Karim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Textual entailment recognition is one of the basic natural language understanding(NLU) tasks. Understanding the meaning of sentences is a prerequisite before applying any natural language processing(NLP) techniques to automatically recognize the textual entailment. A text entails a hypothesis if and only if the true value of the hypothesis follows the text. Classical approaches generally utilize the feature value of each word from word embedding to represent the sentences. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to identifying the textual entailment relationship between text and hypothesis, thereby introducing a new semantic feature focusing on empirical threshold-based semantic text representation. We employ an element-wise Manhattan distance vector-based feature that can identify the semantic entailment relationship between the text-hypothesis pair. We carried out several experiments on a benchmark entailment classification(SICK-RTE) dataset. We train several machine learning(ML) algorithms applying both semantic and lexical features to classify the text-hypothesis pair as entailment, neutral, or contradiction. Our empirical sentence representation technique enriches the semantic information of the texts and hypotheses found to be more efficient than the classical ones. In the end, our approach significantly outperforms known methods in understanding the meaning of the sentences for the textual entailment classification task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fine-tune your Classifier: Finding Correlations With Temperature</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09715">arxiv:2210.09715</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Benjamin Chamand, Olivier Risser-Maroix, Camille Kurtz, Philippe Joly, Nicolas Loménie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Temperature is a widely used hyperparameter in various tasks involving neural networks, such as classification or metric learning, whose choice can have a direct impact on the model performance. Most of existing works select its value using hyperparameter optimization methods requiring several runs to find the optimal value. We propose to analyze the impact of temperature on classification tasks by describing a dataset as a set of statistics computed on representations on which we can build a heuristic giving us a default value of temperature. We study the correlation between these extracted statistics and the observed optimal temperatures. This preliminary study on more than a hundred combinations of different datasets and features extractors highlights promising results towards the construction of a general heuristic for temperature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Consistent Multiclass Algorithms for Complex Metrics and Constraints</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09695">arxiv:2210.09695</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Harikrishna Narasimhan, Harish G. Ramaswamy, Shiv Kumar Tavker, Drona Khurana, Praneeth Netrapalli, Shivani Agarwal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present consistent algorithms for multiclass learning with complex performance metrics and constraints, where the objective and constraints are defined by arbitrary functions of the confusion matrix. This setting includes many common performance metrics such as the multiclass G-mean and micro F1-measure, and constraints such as those on the classifier's precision and recall and more recent measures of fairness discrepancy. We give a general framework for designing consistent algorithms for such complex design goals by viewing the learning problem as an optimization problem over the set of feasible confusion matrices. We provide multiple instantiations of our framework under different assumptions on the performance metrics and constraints, and in each case show rates of convergence to the optimal (feasible) classifier (and thus asymptotic consistency). Experiments on a variety of multiclass classification tasks and fairness-constrained problems show that our algorithms compare favorably to the state-of-the-art baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Adversarial Robustness by Contrastive Guided Diffusion Process</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09643">arxiv:2210.09643</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yidong Ouyang, Liyan Xie, Guang Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Synthetic data generation has become an emerging tool to help improve the adversarial robustness in classification tasks since robust learning requires a significantly larger amount of training samples compared with standard classification tasks. Among various deep generative models, the diffusion model has been shown to produce high-quality synthetic images and has achieved good performance in improving the adversarial robustness. However, diffusion-type methods are typically slow in data generation as compared with other generative models. Although different acceleration techniques have been proposed recently, it is also of great importance to study how to improve the sample efficiency of generated data for the downstream task. In this paper, we first analyze the optimality condition of synthetic distribution for achieving non-trivial robust accuracy. We show that enhancing the distinguishability among the generated data is critical for improving adversarial robustness. Thus, we propose the Contrastive-Guided Diffusion Process (Contrastive-DP), which adopts the contrastive loss to guide the diffusion model in data generation. We verify our theoretical results using simulations and demonstrate the good performance of Contrastive-DP on image datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>IF-GAN: A Novel Generator Architecture with Information Feedback</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09638">arxiv:2210.09638</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Seung Park, Yong-Goo Shin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents an alternative generator architecture for image generation, having a novel information feedback system. Contrary to conventional methods in which the latent space unilaterally affects the feature space in the generator, the proposed method trains not only the feature space but also the latent one by interchanging their information. To this end, we introduce a novel module, called information feedback (IF) block, which jointly updates the latent and feature spaces. To show the superiority of the proposed method, we present extensive experiments on various datasets including subsets of LSUN and FFHQ. Experimental results reveal that the proposed method can dramatically improve the image generation performance, in terms of Frechet inception distance (FID), kernel inception distance (KID), and Precision and Recall (P & R).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DPIS: An Enhanced Mechanism for Differentially Private SGD with Importance Sampling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09634">arxiv:2210.09634</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jianxin Wei, Ergute Bao, Xiaokui Xiao, Yin Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nowadays, differential privacy (DP) has become a well-accepted standard for privacy protection, and deep neural networks (DNN) have been immensely successful in machine learning. The combination of these two techniques, i.e., deep learning with differential privacy, promises the privacy-preserving release of high-utility models trained with sensitive data such as medical records. A classic mechanism for this purpose is DP-SGD, which is a differentially private version of the stochastic gradient descent (SGD) optimizer commonly used for DNN training. Subsequent approaches have improved various aspects of the model training process, including noise decay schedule, model architecture, feature engineering, and hyperparameter tuning. However, the core mechanism for enforcing DP in the SGD optimizer remains unchanged ever since the original DP-SGD algorithm, which has increasingly become a fundamental barrier limiting the performance of DP-compliant machine learning solutions.
  Motivated by this, we propose DPIS, a novel mechanism for differentially private SGD training that can be used as a drop-in replacement of the core optimizer of DP-SGD, with consistent and significant accuracy gains over the latter. The main idea is to employ importance sampling (IS) in each SGD iteration for mini-batch selection, which reduces both sampling variance and the amount of random noise injected to the gradients that is required to satisfy DP. Integrating IS into the complex mathematical machinery of DP-SGD is highly non-trivial. DPIS addresses the challenge through novel mechanism designs, fine-grained privacy analysis, efficiency enhancements, and an adaptive gradient clipping optimization. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets, namely MNIST, FMNIST, CIFAR-10 and IMDb, demonstrate the superior effectiveness of DPIS over existing solutions for deep learning with differential privacy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Free energy model of emotional valence in dual-process perceptions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10262">arxiv:2210.10262</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hideyoshi Yanagisawa, Xiaoxiang Wu, Kazutaka Ueda, Takeo Kato</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An appropriate level of arousal induces positive emotions, and a high arousal potential may provoke negative emotions. To explain the effect of arousal on emotional valence, we propose a novel mathematical framework of arousal potential variations in the dual process of human cognition: automatic and controlled. A suitable mathematical formulation to explain the emotions in the dual process is still absent. Our model associates free energy with arousal potential and its variations to explain emotional valence. Decreasing and increasing free energy consequently induce positive and negative emotions, respectively. We formalize a transition from the automatic to the controlled process in the dual process as a change of Bayesian prior. Further, we model emotional valence using free energy increase (FI) when one tries changing one's Bayesian prior and its reduction (FR) when one succeeds in recognizing the same stimuli with a changed prior and define three emotions: "interest," "confusion," and "boredom" using the variations. The results of our mathematical analysis comparing various Gaussian model parameters reveals the following: 1) prediction error (PR) increases FR (representing "interest") when the first prior variance is greater than the second prior variance, 2) PR decreases FR when the first prior variance is less than the second prior variance, and 3) the distance between priors' means always increases FR. We also discuss the association of the outcomes with emotions in the controlled process. The proposed mathematical model provides a general framework for predicting and controlling emotional valence in the dual process that varies with viewpoint and stimuli, as well as for understanding the contradictions in the effects of arousal on the valence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CLUTR: Curriculum Learning via Unsupervised Task Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10243">arxiv:2210.10243</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Abdus Salam Azad, Izzeddin Gur, Aleksandra Faust, Pieter Abbeel, Ion Stoica</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement Learning (RL) algorithms are often known for sample inefficiency and difficult generalization. Recently, Unsupervised Environment Design (UED) emerged as a new paradigm for zero-shot generalization by simultaneously learning a task distribution and agent policies on the sampled tasks. This is a non-stationary process where the task distribution evolves along with agent policies, creating an instability over time. While past works demonstrated the potential of such approaches, sampling effectively from the task space remains an open challenge, bottlenecking these approaches. To this end, we introduce CLUTR: a novel curriculum learning algorithm that decouples task representation and curriculum learning into a two-stage optimization. It first trains a recurrent variational autoencoder on randomly generated tasks to learn a latent task manifold. Next, a teacher agent creates a curriculum by maximizing a minimax REGRET-based objective on a set of latent tasks sampled from this manifold. By keeping the task manifold fixed, we show that CLUTR successfully overcomes the non-stationarity problem and improves stability. Our experimental results show CLUTR outperforms PAIRED, a principled and popular UED method, in terms of generalization and sample efficiency in the challenging CarRacing and navigation environments: showing an 18x improvement on the F1 CarRacing benchmark. CLUTR also performs comparably to the non-UED state-of-the-art for CarRacing, outperforming it in nine of the 20 tracks. CLUTR also achieves a 33% higher solved rate than PAIRED on a set of 18 out-of-distribution navigation tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Inference in conditioned dynamics through causality restoration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10179">arxiv:2210.10179</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alfredo Braunstein, Giovanni Catania, Luca Dall'Asta, Matteo Mariani, Anna Paola Muntoni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computing observables from conditioned dynamics is typically computationally hard, because, although obtaining independent samples efficiently from the unconditioned dynamics is usually feasible, generally most of the samples must be discarded (in a form of importance sampling) because they do not satisfy the imposed conditions. Sampling directly from the conditioned distribution is non-trivial, as conditioning breaks the causal properties of the dynamics which ultimately renders the sampling procedure efficient. One standard way of achieving it is through a Metropolis Monte-Carlo procedure, but this procedure is normally slow and a very large number of Monte-Carlo steps is needed to obtain a small number of statistically independent samples. In this work, we propose an alternative method to produce independent samples from a conditioned distribution. The method learns the parameters of a generalized dynamical model that optimally describe the conditioned distribution in a variational sense. The outcome is an effective, unconditioned, dynamical model, from which one can trivially obtain independent samples, effectively restoring causality of the conditioned distribution. The consequences are twofold: on the one hand, it allows us to efficiently compute observables from the conditioned dynamics by simply averaging over independent samples. On the other hand, the method gives an effective unconditioned distribution which is easier to interpret. The method is flexible and can be applied virtually to any dynamics. We discuss an important application of the method, namely the problem of epidemic risk assessment from (imperfect) clinical tests, for a large family of time-continuous epidemic models endowed with a Gillespie-like sampler. We show that the method compares favorably against the state of the art, including the soft-margin approach and mean-field methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computational pathology in renal disease: a comprehensive perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10162">arxiv:2210.10162</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Manuel Cossio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computational pathology is a field that has complemented various subspecialties of diagnostic pathology over the last few years. In this article a brief analyzis the different applications in nephrology is developed. To begin, an overview of the different forms of image production is provided. To continue, the most frequent applications of computer vision models, the salient features of the different clinical applications, and the data protection considerations encountered are described. To finish the development, I delve into the interpretability of these applications, expanding in depth on the three dimensions of this area.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Initial Orbit Determination from Only Heading Measurements</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10120">arxiv:2210.10120</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>John A. Christian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work introduces the problem of initial orbit determination (IOD) from only heading measurements. Such a problem occurs in practice when estimating the orbit of a spacecraft using visual odometry measurements from an optical camera. After reviewing the problem geometry, a simple solution is developed in the form of an iterative scheme on the parameters describing the orbital hodograph. Numerical results are presented for an example spacecraft in low lunar orbit. The principal intent of this brief study is to communicate the existence of a new class of IOD problem to the community and to encourage the broader study of hodographs and heading-only IOD.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimisation & Generalisation in Networks of Neurons</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10101">arxiv:2210.10101</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jeremy Bernstein</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The goal of this thesis is to develop the optimisation and generalisation theoretic foundations of learning in artificial neural networks. On optimisation, a new theoretical framework is proposed for deriving architecture-dependent first-order optimisation algorithms. The approach works by combining a "functional majorisation" of the loss function with "architectural perturbation bounds" that encode an explicit dependence on neural architecture. The framework yields optimisation methods that transfer hyperparameters across learning problems. On generalisation, a new correspondence is proposed between ensembles of networks and individual networks. It is argued that, as network width and normalised margin are taken large, the space of networks that interpolate a particular training set concentrates on an aggregated Bayesian method known as a "Bayes point machine". This correspondence provides a route for transferring PAC-Bayesian generalisation theorems over to individual networks. More broadly, the correspondence presents a fresh perspective on the role of regularisation in networks with vastly more parameters than data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Why do people judge humans differently from machines? The role of agency and experience</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10081">arxiv:2210.10081</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jingling Zhang, Jane Conway, César A. Hidalgo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** People are known to judge artificial intelligence using a utilitarian moral philosophy and humans using a moral philosophy emphasizing perceived intentions. But why do people judge humans and machines differently? Psychology suggests that people may have different mind perception models for humans and machines, and thus, will treat human-like robots more similarly to the way they treat humans. Here we present a randomized experiment where we manipulated people's perception of machines to explore whether people judge more human-like machines more similarly to the way they judge humans. We find that people's judgments of machines become more similar to that of humans when they perceive machines as having more agency (e.g. ability to plan, act), but not more experience (e.g. ability to feel). Our findings indicate that people's use of different moral philosophies to judge humans and machines can be explained by a progression of mind perception models where the perception of agency plays a prominent role. These findings add to the body of evidence suggesting that people's judgment of machines becomes more similar to that of humans motivating further work on differences in the judgment of human and machine actions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Tail Wagging the Dog: Dataset Construction Biases of Social Bias Benchmarks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10040">arxiv:2210.10040</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nikil Roashan Selvam, Sunipa Dev, Daniel Khashabi, Tushar Khot, Kai-Wei Chang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** How reliably can we trust the scores obtained from social bias benchmarks as faithful indicators of problematic social biases in a given language model? In this work, we study this question by contrasting social biases with non-social biases stemming from choices made during dataset construction that might not even be discernible to the human eye. To do so, we empirically simulate various alternative constructions for a given benchmark based on innocuous modifications (such as paraphrasing or random-sampling) that maintain the essence of their social bias. On two well-known social bias benchmarks (Winogender and BiasNLI) we observe that these shallow modifications have a surprising effect on the resulting degree of bias across various models. We hope these troubling observations motivate more robust measures of social biases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Vision Paper: Causal Inference for Interpretable and Robust Machine Learning in Mobility Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10010">arxiv:2210.10010</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yanan Xin, Natasa Tagasovska, Fernando Perez-Cruz, Martin Raubal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial intelligence (AI) is revolutionizing many areas of our lives, leading a new era of technological advancement. Particularly, the transportation sector would benefit from the progress in AI and advance the development of intelligent transportation systems. Building intelligent transportation systems requires an intricate combination of artificial intelligence and mobility analysis. The past few years have seen rapid development in transportation applications using advanced deep neural networks. However, such deep neural networks are difficult to interpret and lack robustness, which slows the deployment of these AI-powered algorithms in practice. To improve their usability, increasing research efforts have been devoted to developing interpretable and robust machine learning methods, among which the causal inference approach recently gained traction as it provides interpretable and actionable information. Moreover, most of these methods are developed for image or sequential data which do not satisfy specific requirements of mobility data analysis. This vision paper emphasizes research challenges in deep learning-based mobility analysis that require interpretability and robustness, summarizes recent developments in using causal inference for improving the interpretability and robustness of machine learning methods, and highlights opportunities in developing causally-enabled machine learning models tailored for mobility analysis. This research direction will make AI in the transportation sector more interpretable and reliable, thus contributing to safer, more efficient, and more sustainable future transportation systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Locally Smoothed Gaussian Process Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09998">arxiv:2210.09998</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Davit Gogolashvili, Bogdan Kozyrskiy, Maurizio Filippone</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a novel framework to accelerate Gaussian process regression (GPR). In particular, we consider localization kernels at each data point to down-weigh the contributions from other data points that are far away, and we derive the GPR model stemming from the application of such localization operation. Through a set of experiments, we demonstrate the competitive performance of the proposed approach compared to full GPR, other localized models, and deep Gaussian processes. Crucially, these performances are obtained with considerable speedups compared to standard global GPR due to the sparsification effect of the Gram matrix induced by the localization operation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Information Content of Predictions in Word Analogy Tests</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09972">arxiv:2210.09972</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jugurta Montalvão</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An approach is proposed to quantify, in bits of information, the actual relevance of analogies in analogy tests. The main component of this approach is a softaccuracy estimator that also yields entropy estimates with compensated biases. Experimental results obtained with pre-trained GloVe 300-D vectors and two public analogy test sets show that proximity hints are much more relevant than analogies in analogy tests, from an information content perspective. Accordingly, a simple word embedding model is used to predict that analogies carry about one bit of information, which is experimentally corroborated.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>It's a long way! Layer-wise Relevance Propagation for Echo State Networks applied to Earth System Variability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09958">arxiv:2210.09958</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Marco Landt-Hayen, Peer Kröger, Martin Claus, Willi Rath</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Artificial neural networks (ANNs) are known to be powerful methods for many hard problems (e.g. image classification, speech recognition or time series prediction). However, these models tend to produce black-box results and are often difficult to interpret. Layer-wise relevance propagation (LRP) is a widely used technique to understand how ANN models come to their conclusion and to understand what a model has learned. Here, we focus on Echo State Networks (ESNs) as a certain type of recurrent neural networks, also known as reservoir computing. ESNs are easy to train and only require a small number of trainable parameters, but are still black-box models. We show how LRP can be applied to ESNs in order to open the black-box. We also show how ESNs can be used not only for time series prediction but also for image classification: Our ESN model serves as a detector for El Nino Southern Oscillation (ENSO) from sea surface temperature anomalies. ENSO is actually a well-known problem and has been extensively discussed before. But here we use this simple problem to demonstrate how LRP can significantly enhance the explainablility of ESNs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SQ Lower Bounds for Learning Single Neurons with Massart Noise</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09949">arxiv:2210.09949</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ilias Diakonikolas, Daniel M. Kane, Lisheng Ren, Yuxin Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of PAC learning a single neuron in the presence of Massart noise. Specifically, for a known activation function $f: \mathbb{R} \to \mathbb{R}$, the learner is given access to labeled examples $(\mathbf{x}, y) \in \mathbb{R}^d \times \mathbb{R}$, where the marginal distribution of $\mathbf{x}$ is arbitrary and the corresponding label $y$ is a Massart corruption of $f(\langle \mathbf{w}, \mathbf{x} \rangle)$. The goal of the learner is to output a hypothesis $h: \mathbb{R}^d \to \mathbb{R}$ with small squared loss. For a range of activation functions, including ReLUs, we establish super-polynomial Statistical Query (SQ) lower bounds for this learning problem. In more detail, we prove that no efficient SQ algorithm can approximate the optimal error within any constant factor. Our main technical contribution is a novel SQ-hard construction for learning $\{ \pm 1\}$-weight Massart halfspaces on the Boolean hypercube that is interesting on its own right.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Finite-time analysis of single-timescale actor-critic</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09921">arxiv:2210.09921</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xuyang Chen, Lin Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the great empirical success of actor-critic methods, its finite-time convergence is still poorly understood in its most practical form. In particular, the analysis of single-timescale actor-critic presents significant challenges due to the highly inaccurate critic estimation and the complex error propagation dynamics over iterations. Existing works on analyzing single-timescale actor-critic only focus on the i.i.d. sampling or tabular setting for simplicity, which is rarely the case in practical applications. We consider the more practical online single-timescale actor-critic algorithm on continuous state space, where the critic is updated with a single Markovian sample per actor step. We prove that the online single-timescale actor-critic method is guaranteed to find an $ε$-approximate stationary point with $\widetilde{\mathcal{O}}(ε^{-2})$ sample complexity under standard assumptions, which can be further improved to $\mathcal{O}(ε^{-2})$ under i.i.d. sampling. Our analysis develops a novel framework that evaluates and controls the error propagation between actor and critic in a systematic way. To our knowledge, this is the first finite-time analysis for online single-timescale actor-critic method. Overall, our results compare favorably to the existing literature on analyzing actor-critic in terms of considering the most practical settings and requiring weaker assumptions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Measure-Theoretic Probability of Complex Co-occurrence and E-Integral</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09913">arxiv:2210.09913</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jian-Yong Wang, Han Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Complex high-dimensional co-occurrence data are increasingly popular from a complex system of interacting physical, biological and social processes in discretely indexed modifiable areal units or continuously indexed locations of a study region for landscape-based mechanism. Modeling, predicting and interpreting complex co-occurrences are very general and fundamental problems of statistical and machine learning in a broad variety of real-world modern applications. Probability and conditional probability of co-occurrence are introduced by being defined in a general setting with set functions to develop a rigorous measure-theoretic foundation for the inherent challenge of data sparseness. The data sparseness is a main challenge inherent to probabilistic modeling and reasoning of co-occurrence in statistical inference. The behavior of a class of natural integrals called E-integrals is investigated based on the defined conditional probability of co-occurrence. The results on the properties of E-integral are presented. The paper offers a novel measure-theoretic framework where E-integral as a basic measure-theoretic concept can be the starting point for the expectation functional approach preferred by Whittle (1992) and Pollard (2001) to the development of probability theory for the inherent challenge of co-occurrences emerging in modern high-dimensional co-occurrence data problems and opens the doors to more sophisticated and interesting research in complex high-dimensional co-occurrence data science.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Leveraging Cluster Analysis to Understand Educational Game Player Experiences and Support Design</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09911">arxiv:2210.09911</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Luke Swanson, David Gagnon, Jennifer Scianna, John McCloskey, Nicholas Spevacek, Stefan Slater, Erik Harpstead</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The ability for an educational game designer to understand their audience's play styles and resulting experience is an essential tool for improving their game's design. As a game is subjected to large-scale player testing, the designers require inexpensive, automated methods for categorizing patterns of player-game interactions. In this paper we present a simple, reusable process using best practices for data clustering, feasible for use within a small educational game studio. We utilize the method to analyze a real-time strategy game, processing game telemetry data to determine categories of players based on their in-game actions, the feedback they received, and their progress through the game. An interpretive analysis of these clusters results in actionable insights for the game's designers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Online Convex Optimization with Unbounded Memory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09903">arxiv:2210.09903</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Raunak Kumar, Sarah Dean, Robert D. Kleinberg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Online convex optimization (OCO) is a widely used framework in online learning. In each round, the learner chooses a decision in some convex set and an adversary chooses a convex loss function, and then the learner suffers the loss associated with their chosen decision. However, in many of the motivating applications the loss of the learner depends not only on the current decision but on the entire history of decisions until that point. The OCO framework and existing generalizations thereof fail to capture this. In this work we introduce a generalization of the OCO framework, ``Online Convex Optimization with Unbounded Memory'', that captures long-term dependence on past decisions. We introduce the notion of $p$-effective memory capacity, $H_p$, that quantifies the maximum influence of past decisions on current losses. We prove a $O(\sqrt{H_1 T})$ policy regret bound and a stronger $O(\sqrt{H_p T})$ policy regret bound under mild additional assumptions. These bounds are optimal in terms of their dependence on the time horizon $T$. We show the broad applicability of our framework by using it to derive regret bounds, and to simplify existing regret bound derivations, for a variety of online learning problems including an online variant of performative prediction and online linear control.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Random Orthogonalization for Federated Learning in Massive MIMO Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09881">arxiv:2210.09881</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xizixiang Wei, Cong Shen, Jing Yang, H. Vincent Poor</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel communication design, termed random orthogonalization, for federated learning (FL) in a massive multiple-input and multiple-output (MIMO) wireless system. The key novelty of random orthogonalization comes from the tight coupling of FL and two unique characteristics of massive MIMO -- channel hardening and favorable propagation. As a result, random orthogonalization can achieve natural over-the-air model aggregation without requiring transmitter side channel state information (CSI) for the uplink phase of FL, while significantly reducing the channel estimation overhead at the receiver. We extend this principle to the downlink communication phase and develop a simple but highly effective model broadcast method for FL. We also relax the massive MIMO assumption by proposing an enhanced random orthogonalization design for both uplink and downlink FL communications, that does not rely on channel hardening or favorable propagation. Theoretical analyses with respect to both communication and machine learning performance are carried out. In particular, an explicit relationship among the convergence rate, the number of clients, and the number of antennas is established. Experimental results validate the effectiveness and efficiency of random orthogonalization for FL in massive MIMO.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalized Many-Body Dispersion Correction through Random-phase Approximation for Chemically Accurate Density Functional Theory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09784">arxiv:2210.09784</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Pier Paolo Poier, Louis Lagardère, Jean-Philip Piquemal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We extend our recently proposed Deep Learning-aided many-body dispersion (DNN-MBD) model to quadrupole polarizability (Q) terms using a generalized Random Phase Approximation (RPA) formalism enabling to include van der Waals contributions beyond dipole. The resulting DNN-MBDQ model only relies on ab initio-derived quantities as the introduced quadrupole polarizabilities are recursively retrieved from dipole ones, in turn modelled via the Tkatchenko-Scheffler method. A transferable and efficient deep-neuronal network (DNN) provides atom in molecule volumes, while a single range-separation parameter is used to couple the model to Density Functional Theory (DFT). Since it can be computed at negligible cost, the DNN-MBDQ approach can be coupled with DFT functionals such as as PBE/PBE0 or B86bPBE(dispersionless). DNN-MBQ-PBE/PBE0 reaches chemical accuracy exhibiting superior accuracy compared to other dispersion-corrected models, especially at near-equilibrium ranges where errors are lowered by nearly 25% compared to our dipole-only approach while gains reach nearly 50% compared to other corrected schemes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Machine-Learning-Optimized Perovskite Nanoplatelet Synthesis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09783">arxiv:2210.09783</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Carola Lampe, Ioannis Kouroudis, Milan Harth, Stefan Martin, Alessio Gagliardi, Alexander S. Urban</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the demand for renewable energy and efficient devices rapidly increasing, a need arises to find and optimize novel (nano)materials. This can be an extremely tedious process, often relying significantly on trial and error. Machine learning has emerged recently as a powerful alternative; however, most approaches require a substantial amount of data points, i.e., syntheses. Here, we merge three machine-learning models with Bayesian Optimization and are able to dramatically improve the quality of CsPbBr3 nanoplatelets (NPLs) using only approximately 200 total syntheses. The algorithm can predict the resulting PL emission maxima of the NPL dispersions based on the precursor ratios, which lead to previously unobtainable 7 and 8 ML NPLs. Aided by heuristic knowledge, the algorithm should be easily applicable to other nanocrystal syntheses and significantly help to identify interesting compositions and rapidly improve their quality.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Importance Weighting Correction of Regularized Least-Squares for Covariate and Target Shifts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09709">arxiv:2210.09709</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Davit Gogolashvili</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In many real world problems, the training data and test data have different distributions. This situation is commonly referred as a dataset shift. The most common settings for dataset shift often considered in the literature are {\em covariate shift } and {\em target shift}. Importance weighting (IW) correction is a universal method for correcting the bias present in learning scenarios under dataset shift. The question one may ask is: does IW correction work equally well for different dataset shift scenarios? By investigating the generalization properties of the weighted kernel ridge regression (W-KRR) under covariate and target shifts we show that the answer is negative, except when IW is bounded and the model is wellspecified. In the latter cases, a minimax optimal rates are achieved by importance weighted kernel ridge regression (IW-KRR) in both, covariate and target shift scenarios. Slightly relaxing the boundedness condition of the IW we show that the IW-KRR still achieves the optimal rates under target shift while leading to slower rates for covariate shift. In the case of the model misspecification we show that the performance of the W-KRR under covariate shift could be substantially increased by designing an alternative reweighting function. The distinction between misspecified and wellspecified scenarios does not seem to be crucial in the learning problems under target shift.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TFAD: A Decomposition Time Series Anomaly Detection Architecture with Time-Frequency Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09693">arxiv:2210.09693</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chaoli Zhang, Tian Zhou, Qingsong Wen, Liang Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Time series anomaly detection is a challenging problem due to the complex temporal dependencies and the limited label data. Although some algorithms including both traditional and deep models have been proposed, most of them mainly focus on time-domain modeling, and do not fully utilize the information in the frequency domain of the time series data. In this paper, we propose a Time-Frequency analysis based time series Anomaly Detection model, or TFAD for short, to exploit both time and frequency domains for performance improvement. Besides, we incorporate time series decomposition and data augmentation mechanisms in the designed time-frequency architecture to further boost the abilities of performance and interpretability. Empirical studies on widely used benchmark datasets show that our approach obtains state-of-the-art performance in univariate and multivariate time series anomaly detection tasks. Code is provided at https://github.com/DAMO-DI-ML/CIKM22-TFAD.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On effects of Knowledge Distillation on Transfer Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09668">arxiv:2210.09668</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sushil Thapa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge distillation is a popular machine learning technique that aims to transfer knowledge from a large 'teacher' network to a smaller 'student' network and improve the student's performance by training it to emulate the teacher. In recent years, there has been significant progress in novel distillation techniques that push performance frontiers across multiple problems and benchmarks. Most of the reported work focuses on achieving state-of-the-art results on the specific problem. However, there has been a significant gap in understanding the process and how it behaves under certain training scenarios. Similarly, transfer learning (TL) is an effective technique in training neural networks on a limited dataset faster by reusing representations learned from a different but related problem. Despite its effectiveness and popularity, there has not been much exploration of knowledge distillation on transfer learning. In this thesis, we propose a machine learning architecture we call TL+KD that combines knowledge distillation with transfer learning; we then present a quantitative and qualitative comparison of TL+KD with TL in the domain of image classification. Through this work, we show that using guidance and knowledge from a larger teacher network during fine-tuning, we can improve the student network to achieve better validation performances like accuracy. We characterize the improvement in the validation performance of the model using a variety of metrics beyond just accuracy scores, and study its performance in scenarios such as input degradation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Split-KalmanNet: A Robust Model-Based Deep Learning Approach for SLAM</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09636">arxiv:2210.09636</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Geon Choi, Jeonghun Park, Nir Shlezinger, Yonina C. Eldar, Namyoon Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) is a method that constructs a map of an unknown environment and localizes the position of a moving agent on the map simultaneously. Extended Kalman filter (EKF) has been widely adopted as a low complexity solution for online SLAM, which relies on a motion and measurement model of the moving agent. In practice, however, acquiring precise information about these models is very challenging, and the model mismatch effect causes severe performance loss in SLAM. In this paper, inspired by the recently proposed KalmanNet, we present a robust EKF algorithm using the power of deep learning for online SLAM, referred to as Split-KalmanNet. The key idea of Split-KalmanNet is to compute the Kalman gain using the Jacobian matrix of a measurement function and two recurrent neural networks (RNNs). The two RNNs independently learn the covariance matrices for a prior state estimate and the innovation from data. The proposed split structure in the computation of the Kalman gain allows to compensate for state and measurement model mismatch effects independently. Numerical simulation results verify that Split-KalmanNet outperforms the traditional EKF and the state-of-the-art KalmanNet algorithm in various model mismatch scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SA-MLP: Distilling Graph Knowledge from GNNs into Structure-Aware MLP</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09609">arxiv:2210.09609</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jie Chen, Shouzhen Chen, Mingyuan Bai, Junbin Gao, Junping Zhang, Jian Pu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The message-passing mechanism helps Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) achieve remarkable results on various node classification tasks. Nevertheless, the recursive nodes fetching and aggregation in message-passing cause inference latency when deploying GNNs to large-scale graphs. One promising inference acceleration direction is to distill the GNNs into message-passing-free student multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs). However, the MLP student cannot fully learn the structure knowledge due to the lack of structure inputs, which causes inferior performance in the heterophily and inductive scenarios. To address this, we intend to inject structure information into MLP-like students in low-latency and interpretable ways. Specifically, we first design a Structure-Aware MLP (SA-MLP) student that encodes both features and structures without message-passing. Then, we introduce a novel structure-mixing knowledge distillation strategy to enhance the learning ability of MLPs for structure information. Furthermore, we design a latent structure embedding approximation technique with two-stage distillation for inductive scenarios. Extensive experiments on eight benchmark datasets under both transductive and inductive settings show that our SA-MLP can consistently outperform the teacher GNNs, while maintaining faster inference as MLPs. The source code of our work can be found in https://github.com/JC-202/SA-MLP.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hidet: Task Mapping Programming Paradigm for Deep Learning Tensor Programs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09603">arxiv:2210.09603</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yaoyao Ding, Cody Hao Yu, Bojian Zheng, Yizhi Liu, Yida Wang, Gennady Pekhimenko</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As deep learning models nowadays are widely adopted by both cloud services and edge devices, the latency of deep learning model inferences becomes crucial to provide efficient model serving. However, it is challenging to develop efficient tensor programs for deep learning operators due to the high complexity of modern accelerators (e.g., NVIDIA GPUs and Google TPUs) and the rapidly growing number of operators. Deep learning compilers, such as Apache TVM, adopt declarative scheduling primitives to lower the bar of developing tensor programs. However, we show that this approach is insufficient to cover state-of-the-art tensor program optimizations (e.g., double buffering). In this paper, we propose to embed the scheduling process into tensor programs and use dedicated mappings, called task mappings, to define the computation assignment and ordering directly in the tensor programs. This new approach greatly enriches the expressible optimizations by allowing developers to manipulate tensor programs at a much finer granularity (e.g., allowing program statement-level optimizations). We call the proposed method the task-mapping-oriented programming paradigm. With the proposed paradigm, we implement a deep learning compiler - Hidet. Extensive experiments on modern convolution and transformer models show that Hidet outperforms state-of-the-art DNN inference framework, ONNX Runtime, and compiler, TVM equipped with scheduler AutoTVM and Ansor, by up to 1.48x (1.22x on average) with enriched optimizations. It also reduces the tuning time by 20x and 11x compared with AutoTVM and Ansor, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Co-Processors for Restoring Brain Function: Results from a Cortical Model of Grasping</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.11478">arxiv:2210.11478</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Matthew J. Bryan, Linxing Preston Jiang, Rajesh P N Rao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Objective: A major challenge in closed-loop brain-computer interfaces (BCIs) is finding optimal stimulation patterns as a function of ongoing neural activity for different subjects and objectives. Traditional approaches, such as those currently used for deep brain stimulation, have largely followed a trial- and-error strategy to search for effective open-loop stimulation parameters, a strategy that is inefficient and does not generalize to closed-loop activity-dependent stimulation. Approach: To achieve goal-directed closed-loop neurostimulation, we propose the use of brain co-processors, devices which exploit artificial intelligence (AI) to shape neural activity and bridge injured neural circuits for targeted repair and rehabilitation. Here we investigate a specific type of co-processor called a "neural co-processor" which uses artificial neural networks (ANNs) to learn optimal closed-loop stimulation policies. The co-processor adapts the stimulation policy as the biological circuit itself adapts to the stimulation, achieving a form of brain-device co-adaptation. We tested the neural co-processor's ability to restore function after stroke by simulating a variety of lesions in a previously published cortical model of grasping. Main results: Our results show that a neural co-processor can restore reaching and grasping function after a simulated stroke in a cortical model, achieving recovery towards healthy function in the range 75-90%. Significance: This is the first proof-of-concept demonstration, using computer simulations, of a neural co-processor for activity-dependent closed-loop neurosimulation for optimizing a rehabilitation goal after injury. Our results provide insights on how such co-processors may eventually be developed for in vivo use to learn complex adaptive stimulation policies for a variety of neural rehabilitation and neuroprosthetic applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Catch-22 of Reservoir Computing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10211">arxiv:2210.10211</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yuanzhao Zhang, Sean P. Cornelius</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reservoir Computing (RC) is a simple and efficient model-free framework for data-driven predictions of nonlinear dynamical systems. Recently, Next Generation Reservoir Computing (NGRC) has emerged as an especially attractive variant of RC. By shifting the nonlinearity from the reservoir to the readout layer, NGRC requires less data and has fewer hyperparameters to optimize, making it suitable for challenging tasks such as predicting basins of attraction. Here, using paradigmatic multistable systems including magnetic pendulums and coupled Kuramoto oscillators, we show that the performance of NGRC models can be extremely sensitive to the choice of readout nonlinearity. In particular, by incorporating the exact nonlinearity from the original equations, NGRC trained on a single trajectory can predict pseudo-fractal basins with almost perfect accuracy. However, even a small uncertainty on the exact nonlinearity can completely break NGRC, rendering the prediction accuracy no better than chance. This creates a catch-22 for NGRC since it may not be able to make useful predictions unless a key part of the system being predicted (i.e., its nonlinearity) is already known. Our results highlight the challenges faced by data-driven methods in learning complex dynamical systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>High-Dimensional Performance Modeling via Tensor Completion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10184">arxiv:2210.10184</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Edward Hutter, Edgar Solomonik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Performance tuning, software/hardware co-design, and job scheduling are among the many tasks that rely on models to predict application performance. We propose and evaluate low rank tensor decomposition for modeling application performance. We use tensors to represent regular grids that discretize the input and configuration domain of an application. Application execution times mapped within grid-cells are averaged and represented by tensor elements. We show that low-rank canonical-polyadic (CP) tensor decomposition is effective in approximating these tensors. We then employ tensor completion to optimize a CP decomposition given a sparse set of observed runtimes. We consider alternative piecewise/grid-based (P/G) and supervised learning models for six applications and demonstrate that P/G models are significantly more accurate relative to model size. Among P/G models, CP decomposition of regular grids (CPR) offers higher accuracy and memory-efficiency, faster optimization, and superior extensibility via user-selected loss functions and domain partitioning. CPR models achieve a 2.18x geometric mean decrease in mean prediction error relative to the most accurate alternative models of size $\le$10 kilobytes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TEFL: Turbo Explainable Federated Learning for 6G Trustworthy Zero-Touch Network Slicing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.10147">arxiv:2210.10147</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Swastika Roy, Hatim Chergui, Christos Verikoukis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sixth-generation (6G) networks anticipate intelligently supporting a massive number of coexisting and heterogeneous slices associated with various vertical use cases. Such a context urges the adoption of artificial intelligence (AI)-driven zero-touch management and orchestration (MANO) of the end-to-end (E2E) slices under stringent service level agreements (SLAs). Specifically, the trustworthiness of the AI black-boxes in real deployment can be achieved by explainable AI (XAI) tools to build transparency between the interacting actors in the slicing ecosystem, such as tenants, infrastructure providers and operators. Inspired by the turbo principle, this paper presents a novel iterative explainable federated learning (FL) approach where a constrained resource allocation model and an \emph{explainer} exchange -- in a closed loop (CL) fashion -- soft attributions of the features as well as inference predictions to achieve a transparent and SLA-aware zero-touch service management (ZSM) of 6G network slices at RAN-Edge setup under non-independent identically distributed (non-IID) datasets. In particular, we quantitatively validate the faithfulness of the explanations via the so-called attribution-based \emph{confidence metric} that is included as a constraint in the run-time FL optimization task. In this respect, Integrated-Gradient (IG) as well as Input $\times$ Gradient and SHAP are used to generate the attributions for the turbo explainable FL (TEFL), wherefore simulation results under different methods confirm its superiority over an unconstrained Integrated-Gradient \emph{post-hoc} FL baseline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised visualization of image datasets using contrastive learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09879">arxiv:2210.09879</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jan Niklas Böhm, Philipp Berens, Dmitry Kobak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visualization methods based on the nearest neighbor graph, such as t-SNE or UMAP, are widely used for visualizing high-dimensional data. Yet, these approaches only produce meaningful results if the nearest neighbors themselves are meaningful. For images represented in pixel space this is not the case, as distances in pixel space are often not capturing our sense of similarity and therefore neighbors are not semantically close. This problem can be circumvented by self-supervised approaches based on contrastive learning, such as SimCLR, relying on data augmentation to generate implicit neighbors, but these methods do not produce two-dimensional embeddings suitable for visualization. Here, we present a new method, called t-SimCNE, for unsupervised visualization of image data. T-SimCNE combines ideas from contrastive learning and neighbor embeddings, and trains a parametric mapping from the high-dimensional pixel space into two dimensions. We show that the resulting 2D embeddings achieve classification accuracy comparable to the state-of-the-art high-dimensional SimCLR representations, thus faithfully capturing semantic relationships. Using t-SimCNE, we obtain informative visualizations of the CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets, showing rich cluster structure and highlighting artifacts and outliers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Scattering Spectrum germaneness to Fault Detection and Diagnosis for Component-level Prognostics and Health Management (PHM)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09837">arxiv:2210.09837</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ali Rohan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In fault detection and diagnosis of prognostics and health management (PHM) systems, most of the methodologies utilize machine learning (ML) or deep learning (DL) through which either some features are extracted beforehand (in the case of ML) or filters are used to extract features autonomously (in case of DL) to perform the critical classification task. Particularly in the fault detection and diagnosis of industrial robots where electric current, vibration or acoustic emissions signals are the primary sources of information, a feature domain that can map the signals into their constituent components with compressed information at different levels can reduce the complexities and size of typical ML and DL-based frameworks. The Deep Scattering Spectrum (DSS) is one of the strategies that use the Wavelet Transform (WT) analogy to separate and extract the information encoded in a signal's various temporal and frequency domains. As a result, the focus of this work is on the study of the DSS's relevance to fault detection and daignosis for mechanical components of industrail robots. We used multiple industrial robots and distinct mechanical faults to build an approach for classifying the faults using low-variance features extracted from the input signals. The presented approach was implemented on the practical test benches and demonstrated satisfactory performance in fault detection and diagnosis for simple and complex classification problems with a classification accuracy of 99.7% and 88.1%, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bagged $k$-Distance for Mode-Based Clustering Using the Probability of Localized Level Sets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09786">arxiv:2210.09786</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Hanyuan Hang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we propose an ensemble learning algorithm named \textit{bagged $k$-distance for mode-based clustering} (\textit{BDMBC}) by putting forward a new measurement called the \textit{probability of localized level sets} (\textit{PLLS}), which enables us to find all clusters for varying densities with a global threshold. On the theoretical side, we show that with a properly chosen number of nearest neighbors $k_D$ in the bagged $k$-distance, the sub-sample size $s$, the bagging rounds $B$, and the number of nearest neighbors $k_L$ for the localized level sets, BDMBC can achieve optimal convergence rates for mode estimation. It turns out that with a relatively small $B$, the sub-sample size $s$ can be much smaller than the number of training data $n$ at each bagging round, and the number of nearest neighbors $k_D$ can be reduced simultaneously. Moreover, we establish optimal convergence results for the level set estimation of the PLLS in terms of Hausdorff distance, which reveals that BDMBC can find localized level sets for varying densities and thus enjoys local adaptivity. On the practical side, we conduct numerical experiments to empirically verify the effectiveness of BDMBC for mode estimation and level set estimation, which demonstrates the promising accuracy and efficiency of our proposed algorithm.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.10.17]({{ '/2022/10/17/2022.10.17.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.10.19]({{ '/2022/10/19/2022.10.19.html' | relative_url }})