Prev: [2022.06.06]({{ '/2022/06/06/2022.06.06.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.06.08]({{ '/2022/06/08/2022.06.08.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-06-07, created on 2022-06-14


<details><summary><b>Intra-agent speech permits zero-shot task acquisition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03139">arxiv:2206.03139</a>
&#x1F4C8; 953 <br>
<p>Chen Yan, Federico Carnevale, Petko Georgiev, Adam Santoro, Aurelia Guy, Alistair Muldal, Chia-Chun Hung, Josh Abramson, Timothy Lillicrap, Gregory Wayne</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human language learners are exposed to a trickle of informative, context-sensitive language, but a flood of raw sensory data. Through both social language use and internal processes of rehearsal and practice, language learners are able to build high-level, semantic representations that explain their perceptions. Here, we take inspiration from such processes of "inner speech" in humans (Vygotsky, 1934) to better understand the role of intra-agent speech in embodied behavior. First, we formally pose intra-agent speech as a semi-supervised problem and develop two algorithms that enable visually grounded captioning with little labeled language data. We then experimentally compute scaling curves over different amounts of labeled data and compare the data efficiency against a supervised learning baseline. Finally, we incorporate intra-agent speech into an embodied, mobile manipulator agent operating in a 3D virtual world, and show that with as few as 150 additional image captions, intra-agent speech endows the agent with the ability to manipulate and answer questions about a new object without any related task-directed experience (zero-shot). Taken together, our experiments suggest that modelling intra-agent speech is effective in enabling embodied agents to learn new tasks efficiently and without direct interaction experience.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generating Long Videos of Dynamic Scenes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03429">arxiv:2206.03429</a>
&#x1F4C8; 120 <br>
<p>Tim Brooks, Janne Hellsten, Miika Aittala, Ting-Chun Wang, Timo Aila, Jaakko Lehtinen, Ming-Yu Liu, Alexei A. Efros, Tero Karras</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a video generation model that accurately reproduces object motion, changes in camera viewpoint, and new content that arises over time. Existing video generation methods often fail to produce new content as a function of time while maintaining consistencies expected in real environments, such as plausible dynamics and object persistence. A common failure case is for content to never change due to over-reliance on inductive biases to provide temporal consistency, such as a single latent code that dictates content for the entire video. On the other extreme, without long-term consistency, generated videos may morph unrealistically between different scenes. To address these limitations, we prioritize the time axis by redesigning the temporal latent representation and learning long-term consistency from data by training on longer videos. To this end, we leverage a two-phase training strategy, where we separately train using longer videos at a low resolution and shorter videos at a high resolution. To evaluate the capabilities of our model, we introduce two new benchmark datasets with explicit focus on long-term temporal dynamics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tutel: Adaptive Mixture-of-Experts at Scale</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03382">arxiv:2206.03382</a>
&#x1F4C8; 103 <br>
<p>Changho Hwang, Wei Cui, Yifan Xiong, Ziyue Yang, Ze Liu, Han Hu, Zilong Wang, Rafael Salas, Jithin Jose, Prabhat Ram, Joe Chau, Peng Cheng, Fan Yang, Mao Yang, Yongqiang Xiong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a promising technique for deep learning that can scale the model capacity to trillion-plus parameters while reducing the computing cost via sparse computation. While MoE opens a new frontier of exceedingly large models, its implementation over thousands of GPUs has been limited due to mismatch between the dynamic nature of MoE and static parallelism/pipelining of the system. We present Tutel, a highly scalable stack design and implementation for MoE with dynamically adaptive parallelism and pipelining. Tutel delivers adaptive parallelism switching and adaptive pipelining at runtime, which achieves up to 1.74x and 2.00x single MoE layer speedup, respectively. We also propose a novel two-dimensional hierarchical algorithm for MoE communication speedup that outperforms the previous state-of-the-art up to 20.7x over 2,048 GPUs. Aggregating all techniques, Tutel finally delivers 4.96x and 5.75x speedup of a single MoE layer on 16 GPUs and 2,048 GPUs, respectively, over Fairseq: Meta's Facebook AI Research Sequence-to-Sequence Toolkit (Tutel is now partially adopted by Fairseq). Tutel source code is available in public: https://github.com/microsoft/tutel . Our evaluation shows that Tutel efficiently and effectively runs a real-world MoE-based model named SwinV2-MoE, built upon Swin Transformer V2, a state-of-the-art computer vision architecture. On efficiency, Tutel accelerates SwinV2-MoE, achieving up to 1.55x and 2.11x speedup in training and inference over Fairseq, respectively. On effectiveness, the SwinV2-MoE model achieves superior accuracy in both pre-training and down-stream computer vision tasks such as COCO object detection than the counterpart dense model, indicating the readiness of Tutel for end-to-end real-world model training and inference. SwinV2-MoE is open sourced in https://github.com/microsoft/Swin-Transformer .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robot Self-Calibration Using Actuated 3D Sensors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03430">arxiv:2206.03430</a>
&#x1F4C8; 69 <br>
<p>Arne Peters</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Both, robot and hand-eye calibration haven been object to research for decades. While current approaches manage to precisely and robustly identify the parameters of a robot's kinematic model, they still rely on external devices, such as calibration objects, markers and/or external sensors. Instead of trying to fit the recorded measurements to a model of a known object, this paper treats robot calibration as an offline SLAM problem, where scanning poses are linked to a fixed point in space by a moving kinematic chain. As such, the presented framework allows robot calibration using nothing but an arbitrary eye-in-hand depth sensor, thus enabling fully autonomous self-calibration without any external tools. My new approach is utilizes a modified version of the Iterative Closest Point algorithm to run bundle adjustment on multiple 3D recordings estimating the optimal parameters of the kinematic model. A detailed evaluation of the system is shown on a real robot with various attached 3D sensors. The presented results show that the system reaches precision comparable to a dedicated external tracking system at a fraction of its cost.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Universal Speech Enhancement with Score-based Diffusion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03065">arxiv:2206.03065</a>
&#x1F4C8; 69 <br>
<p>Joan Serrà, Santiago Pascual, Jordi Pons, R. Oguz Araz, Davide Scaini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Removing background noise from speech audio has been the subject of considerable research and effort, especially in recent years due to the rise of virtual communication and amateur sound recording. Yet background noise is not the only unpleasant disturbance that can prevent intelligibility: reverb, clipping, codec artifacts, problematic equalization, limited bandwidth, or inconsistent loudness are equally disturbing and ubiquitous. In this work, we propose to consider the task of speech enhancement as a holistic endeavor, and present a universal speech enhancement system that tackles 55 different distortions at the same time. Our approach consists of a generative model that employs score-based diffusion, together with a multi-resolution conditioning network that performs enhancement with mixture density networks. We show that this approach significantly outperforms the state of the art in a subjective test performed by expert listeners. We also show that it achieves competitive objective scores with just 4-8 diffusion steps, despite not considering any particular strategy for fast sampling. We hope that both our methodology and technical contributions encourage researchers and practitioners to adopt a universal approach to speech enhancement, possibly framing it as a generative task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Effectiveness of Fine-tuning Versus Meta-reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03271">arxiv:2206.03271</a>
&#x1F4C8; 68 <br>
<p>Zhao Mandi, Pieter Abbeel, Stephen James</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Intelligent agents should have the ability to leverage knowledge from previously learned tasks in order to learn new ones quickly and efficiently. Meta-learning approaches have emerged as a popular solution to achieve this. However, meta-reinforcement learning (meta-RL) algorithms have thus far been restricted to simple environments with narrow task distributions. Moreover, the paradigm of pretraining followed by fine-tuning to adapt to new tasks has emerged as a simple yet effective solution in supervised and self-supervised learning. This calls into question the benefits of meta-learning approaches also in reinforcement learning, which typically come at the cost of high complexity. We hence investigate meta-RL approaches in a variety of vision-based benchmarks, including Procgen, RLBench, and Atari, where evaluations are made on completely novel tasks. Our findings show that when meta-learning approaches are evaluated on different tasks (rather than different variations of the same task), multi-task pretraining with fine-tuning on new tasks performs equally as well, or better, than meta-pretraining with meta test-time adaptation. This is encouraging for future research, as multi-task pretraining tends to be simpler and computationally cheaper than meta-RL. From these findings, we advocate for evaluating future meta-RL methods on more challenging tasks and including multi-task pretraining with fine-tuning as a simple, yet strong baseline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Revealing Single Frame Bias for Video-and-Language Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03428">arxiv:2206.03428</a>
&#x1F4C8; 45 <br>
<p>Jie Lei, Tamara L. Berg, Mohit Bansal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Training an effective video-and-language model intuitively requires multiple frames as model inputs. However, it is unclear whether using multiple frames is beneficial to downstream tasks, and if yes, whether the performance gain is worth the drastically-increased computation and memory costs resulting from using more frames. In this work, we explore single-frame models for video-and-language learning. On a diverse set of video-and-language tasks (including text-to-video retrieval and video question answering), we show the surprising result that, with large-scale pre-training and a proper frame ensemble strategy at inference time, a single-frame trained model that does not consider temporal information can achieve better performance than existing methods that use multiple frames for training. This result reveals the existence of a strong "static appearance bias" in popular video-and-language datasets. Therefore, to allow for a more comprehensive evaluation of video-and-language models, we propose two new retrieval tasks based on existing fine-grained action recognition datasets that encourage temporal modeling. Our code is available at https://github.com/jayleicn/singularity

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Recent Advances for Quantum Neural Networks in Generative Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03066">arxiv:2206.03066</a>
&#x1F4C8; 15 <br>
<p>Jinkai Tian, Xiaoyu Sun, Yuxuan Du, Shanshan Zhao, Qing Liu, Kaining Zhang, Wei Yi, Wanrong Huang, Chaoyue Wang, Xingyao Wu, Min-Hsiu Hsieh, Tongliang Liu, Wenjing Yang, Dacheng Tao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quantum computers are next-generation devices that hold promise to perform calculations beyond the reach of classical computers. A leading method towards achieving this goal is through quantum machine learning, especially quantum generative learning. Due to the intrinsic probabilistic nature of quantum mechanics, it is reasonable to postulate that quantum generative learning models (QGLMs) may surpass their classical counterparts. As such, QGLMs are receiving growing attention from the quantum physics and computer science communities, where various QGLMs that can be efficiently implemented on near-term quantum machines with potential computational advantages are proposed. In this paper, we review the current progress of QGLMs from the perspective of machine learning. Particularly, we interpret these QGLMs, covering quantum circuit born machines, quantum generative adversarial networks, quantum Boltzmann machines, and quantum autoencoders, as the quantum extension of classical generative learning models. In this context, we explore their intrinsic relation and their fundamental differences. We further summarize the potential applications of QGLMs in both conventional machine learning tasks and quantum physics. Last, we discuss the challenges and further research directions for QGLMs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Recent Advances in Bayesian Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03301">arxiv:2206.03301</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Xilu Wang, Yaochu Jin, Sebastian Schmitt, Markus Olhofer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian optimization has emerged at the forefront of expensive black-box optimization due to its data efficiency. Recent years have witnessed a proliferation of studies on the development of new Bayesian optimization algorithms and their applications. Hence, this paper attempts to provide a comprehensive and updated survey of recent advances in Bayesian optimization and identify interesting open problems. We categorize the existing work on Bayesian optimization into nine main groups according to the motivations and focus of the proposed algorithms. For each category, we present the main advances with respect to the construction of surrogate models and adaptation of the acquisition functions. Finally, we discuss the open questions and suggest promising future research directions, in particular with regard to heterogeneity, privacy preservation, and fairness in distributed and federated optimization systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A generative recommender system with GMM prior for cancer drug generation and sensitivity prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03555">arxiv:2206.03555</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Krzysztof Koras, Marcin Możejko, Paulina Szymczak, Eike Staub, Ewa Szczurek</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent emergence of high-throughput drug screening assays sparkled an intensive development of machine learning methods, including models for prediction of sensitivity of cancer cell lines to anti-cancer drugs, as well as methods for generation of potential drug candidates. However, a concept of generation of compounds with specific properties and simultaneous modeling of their efficacy against cancer cell lines has not been comprehensively explored. To address this need, we present VADEERS, a Variational Autoencoder-based Drug Efficacy Estimation Recommender System. The generation of compounds is performed by a novel variational autoencoder with a semi-supervised Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) prior. The prior defines a clustering in the latent space, where the clusters are associated with specific drug properties. In addition, VADEERS is equipped with a cell line autoencoder and a sensitivity prediction network. The model combines data for SMILES string representations of anti-cancer drugs, their inhibition profiles against a panel of protein kinases, cell lines biological features and measurements of the sensitivity of the cell lines to the drugs. The evaluated variants of VADEERS achieve a high r=0.87 Pearson correlation between true and predicted drug sensitivity estimates. We train the GMM prior in such a way that the clusters in the latent space correspond to a pre-computed clustering of the drugs by their inhibitory profiles. We show that the learned latent representations and new generated data points accurately reflect the given clustering. In summary, VADEERS offers a comprehensive model of drugs and cell lines properties and relationships between them, as well as a guided generation of novel compounds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Shape, Light & Material Decomposition from Images using Monte Carlo Rendering and Denoising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03380">arxiv:2206.03380</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Jon Hasselgren, Nikolai Hofmann, Jacob Munkberg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances in differentiable rendering have enabled high-quality reconstruction of 3D scenes from multi-view images. Most methods rely on simple rendering algorithms: pre-filtered direct lighting or learned representations of irradiance. We show that a more realistic shading model, incorporating ray tracing and Monte Carlo integration, substantially improves decomposition into shape, materials & lighting. Unfortunately, Monte Carlo integration provides estimates with significant noise, even at large sample counts, which makes gradient-based inverse rendering very challenging. To address this, we incorporate multiple importance sampling and denoising in a novel inverse rendering pipeline. This substantially improves convergence and enables gradient-based optimization at low sample counts. We present an efficient method to jointly reconstruct geometry (explicit triangle meshes), materials, and lighting, which substantially improves material and light separation compared to previous work. We argue that denoising can become an integral part of high quality inverse rendering pipelines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Backward Compatible Embeddings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03040">arxiv:2206.03040</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Weihua Hu, Rajas Bansal, Kaidi Cao, Nikhil Rao, Karthik Subbian, Jure Leskovec</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Embeddings, low-dimensional vector representation of objects, are fundamental in building modern machine learning systems. In industrial settings, there is usually an embedding team that trains an embedding model to solve intended tasks (e.g., product recommendation). The produced embeddings are then widely consumed by consumer teams to solve their unintended tasks (e.g., fraud detection). However, as the embedding model gets updated and retrained to improve performance on the intended task, the newly-generated embeddings are no longer compatible with the existing consumer models. This means that historical versions of the embeddings can never be retired or all consumer teams have to retrain their models to make them compatible with the latest version of the embeddings, both of which are extremely costly in practice. Here we study the problem of embedding version updates and their backward compatibility. We formalize the problem where the goal is for the embedding team to keep updating the embedding version, while the consumer teams do not have to retrain their models. We develop a solution based on learning backward compatible embeddings, which allows the embedding model version to be updated frequently, while also allowing the latest version of the embedding to be quickly transformed into any backward compatible historical version of it, so that consumer teams do not have to retrain their models. Under our framework, we explore six methods and systematically evaluate them on a real-world recommender system application. We show that the best method, which we call BC-Aligner, maintains backward compatibility with existing unintended tasks even after multiple model version updates. Simultaneously, BC-Aligner achieves the intended task performance similar to the embedding model that is solely optimized for the intended task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Ensembles for Uncertainty Estimation: Benefits of Prior Functions and Bootstrapping</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03633">arxiv:2206.03633</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Vikranth Dwaracherla, Zheng Wen, Ian Osband, Xiuyuan Lu, Seyed Mohammad Asghari, Benjamin Van Roy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In machine learning, an agent needs to estimate uncertainty to efficiently explore and adapt and to make effective decisions. A common approach to uncertainty estimation maintains an ensemble of models. In recent years, several approaches have been proposed for training ensembles, and conflicting views prevail with regards to the importance of various ingredients of these approaches. In this paper, we aim to address the benefits of two ingredients -- prior functions and bootstrapping -- which have come into question. We show that prior functions can significantly improve an ensemble agent's joint predictions across inputs and that bootstrapping affords additional benefits if the signal-to-noise ratio varies across inputs. Our claims are justified by both theoretical and experimental results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Understanding and Mitigating Audio Adversarial Examples for Speaker Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03393">arxiv:2206.03393</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Guangke Chen, Zhe Zhao, Fu Song, Sen Chen, Lingling Fan, Feng Wang, Jiashui Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Speaker recognition systems (SRSs) have recently been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks, raising significant security concerns. In this work, we systematically investigate transformation and adversarial training based defenses for securing SRSs. According to the characteristic of SRSs, we present 22 diverse transformations and thoroughly evaluate them using 7 recent promising adversarial attacks (4 white-box and 3 black-box) on speaker recognition. With careful regard for best practices in defense evaluations, we analyze the strength of transformations to withstand adaptive attacks. We also evaluate and understand their effectiveness against adaptive attacks when combined with adversarial training. Our study provides lots of useful insights and findings, many of them are new or inconsistent with the conclusions in the image and speech recognition domains, e.g., variable and constant bit rate speech compressions have different performance, and some non-differentiable transformations remain effective against current promising evasion techniques which often work well in the image domain. We demonstrate that the proposed novel feature-level transformation combined with adversarial training is rather effective compared to the sole adversarial training in a complete white-box setting, e.g., increasing the accuracy by 13.62% and attack cost by two orders of magnitude, while other transformations do not necessarily improve the overall defense capability. This work sheds further light on the research directions in this field. We also release our evaluation platform SPEAKERGUARD to foster further research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Assessing Project-Level Fine-Tuning of ML4SE Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03333">arxiv:2206.03333</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Egor Bogomolov, Sergey Zhuravlev, Egor Spirin, Timofey Bryksin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine Learning for Software Engineering (ML4SE) is an actively growing research area that focuses on methods that help programmers in their work. In order to apply the developed methods in practice, they need to achieve reasonable quality in order to help rather than distract developers. While the development of new approaches to code representation and data collection improves the overall quality of the models, it does not take into account the information that we can get from the project at hand.
  In this work, we investigate how the model's quality can be improved if we target a specific project. We develop a framework to assess quality improvements that models can get after fine-tuning for the method name prediction task on a particular project. We evaluate three models of different complexity and compare their quality in three settings: trained on a large dataset of Java projects, further fine-tuned on the data from a particular project, and trained from scratch on this data. We show that per-project fine-tuning can greatly improve the models' quality as they capture the project's domain and naming conventions. We open-source the tool we used for data collection, as well as the code to run the experiments: https://zenodo.org/record/6040745.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Meta-Learning Transferable Parameterized Skills</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03597">arxiv:2206.03597</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Haotian Fu, Shangqun Yu, Saket Tiwari, George Konidaris, Michael Littman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel parameterized skill-learning algorithm that aims to learn transferable parameterized skills and synthesize them into a new action space that supports efficient learning in long-horizon tasks. We first propose novel learning objectives -- trajectory-centric diversity and smoothness -- that allow an agent to meta-learn reusable parameterized skills. Our agent can use these learned skills to construct a temporally-extended parameterized-action Markov decision process, for which we propose a hierarchical actor-critic algorithm that aims to efficiently learn a high-level control policy with the learned skills. We empirically demonstrate that the proposed algorithms enable an agent to solve a complicated long-horizon obstacle-course environment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Finite-Time Regret of Thompson Sampling Algorithms for Exponential Family Multi-Armed Bandits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03520">arxiv:2206.03520</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Tianyuan Jin, Pan Xu, Xiaokui Xiao, Anima Anandkumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the regret of Thompson sampling (TS) algorithms for exponential family bandits, where the reward distribution is from a one-dimensional exponential family, which covers many common reward distributions including Bernoulli, Gaussian, Gamma, Exponential, etc. We propose a Thompson sampling algorithm, termed ExpTS, which uses a novel sampling distribution to avoid the under-estimation of the optimal arm. We provide a tight regret analysis for ExpTS, which simultaneously yields both the finite-time regret bound as well as the asymptotic regret bound. In particular, for a $K$-armed bandit with exponential family rewards, ExpTS over a horizon $T$ is sub-UCB (a strong criterion for the finite-time regret that is problem-dependent), minimax optimal up to a factor $\sqrt{\log K}$, and asymptotically optimal, for exponential family rewards. Moreover, we propose ExpTS$^+$, by adding a greedy exploitation step in addition to the sampling distribution used in ExpTS, to avoid the over-estimation of sub-optimal arms. ExpTS$^+$ is an anytime bandit algorithm and achieves the minimax optimality and asymptotic optimality simultaneously for exponential family reward distributions. Our proof techniques are general and conceptually simple and can be easily applied to analyze standard Thompson sampling with specific reward distributions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Building Robust Ensembles via Margin Boosting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03362">arxiv:2206.03362</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dinghuai Zhang, Hongyang Zhang, Aaron Courville, Yoshua Bengio, Pradeep Ravikumar, Arun Sai Suggala</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the context of adversarial robustness, a single model does not usually have enough power to defend against all possible adversarial attacks, and as a result, has sub-optimal robustness. Consequently, an emerging line of work has focused on learning an ensemble of neural networks to defend against adversarial attacks. In this work, we take a principled approach towards building robust ensembles. We view this problem from the perspective of margin-boosting and develop an algorithm for learning an ensemble with maximum margin. Through extensive empirical evaluation on benchmark datasets, we show that our algorithm not only outperforms existing ensembling techniques, but also large models trained in an end-to-end fashion. An important byproduct of our work is a margin-maximizing cross-entropy (MCE) loss, which is a better alternative to the standard cross-entropy (CE) loss. Empirically, we show that replacing the CE loss in state-of-the-art adversarial training techniques with our MCE loss leads to significant performance improvement.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalization Error Bounds for Deep Neural Networks Trained by SGD</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03299">arxiv:2206.03299</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mingze Wang, Chao Ma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generalization error bounds for deep neural networks trained by stochastic gradient descent (SGD) are derived by combining a dynamical control of an appropriate parameter norm and the Rademacher complexity estimate based on parameter norms. The bounds explicitly depend on the loss along the training trajectory, and work for a wide range of network architectures including multilayer perceptron (MLP) and convolutional neural networks (CNN). Compared with other algorithm-depending generalization estimates such as uniform stability-based bounds, our bounds do not require $L$-smoothness of the nonconvex loss function, and apply directly to SGD instead of Stochastic Langevin gradient descent (SGLD). Numerical results show that our bounds are non-vacuous and robust with the change of optimizer and network hyperparameters.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>From "Where" to "What": Towards Human-Understandable Explanations through Concept Relevance Propagation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03208">arxiv:2206.03208</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Reduan Achtibat, Maximilian Dreyer, Ilona Eisenbraun, Sebastian Bosse, Thomas Wiegand, Wojciech Samek, Sebastian Lapuschkin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The emerging field of eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) aims to bring transparency to today's powerful but opaque deep learning models. While local XAI methods explain individual predictions in form of attribution maps, thereby identifying where important features occur (but not providing information about what they represent), global explanation techniques visualize what concepts a model has generally learned to encode. Both types of methods thus only provide partial insights and leave the burden of interpreting the model's reasoning to the user. Only few contemporary techniques aim at combining the principles behind both local and global XAI for obtaining more informative explanations. Those methods, however, are often limited to specific model architectures or impose additional requirements on training regimes or data and label availability, which renders the post-hoc application to arbitrarily pre-trained models practically impossible. In this work we introduce the Concept Relevance Propagation (CRP) approach, which combines the local and global perspectives of XAI and thus allows answering both the "where" and "what" questions for individual predictions, without additional constraints imposed. We further introduce the principle of Relevance Maximization for finding representative examples of encoded concepts based on their usefulness to the model. We thereby lift the dependency on the common practice of Activation Maximization and its limitations. We demonstrate the capabilities of our methods in various settings, showcasing that Concept Relevance Propagation and Relevance Maximization lead to more human interpretable explanations and provide deep insights into the model's representations and reasoning through concept atlases, concept composition analyses, and quantitative investigations of concept subspaces and their role in fine-grained decision making.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FlexLip: A Controllable Text-to-Lip System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03206">arxiv:2206.03206</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dan Oneata, Beata Lorincz, Adriana Stan, Horia Cucu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The task of converting text input into video content is becoming an important topic for synthetic media generation. Several methods have been proposed with some of them reaching close-to-natural performances in constrained tasks. In this paper, we tackle a subissue of the text-to-video generation problem, by converting the text into lip landmarks. However, we do this using a modular, controllable system architecture and evaluate each of its individual components. Our system, entitled FlexLip, is split into two separate modules: text-to-speech and speech-to-lip, both having underlying controllable deep neural network architectures. This modularity enables the easy replacement of each of its components, while also ensuring the fast adaptation to new speaker identities by disentangling or projecting the input features. We show that by using as little as 20 min of data for the audio generation component, and as little as 5 min for the speech-to-lip component, the objective measures of the generated lip landmarks are comparable with those obtained when using a larger set of training samples. We also introduce a series of objective evaluation measures over the complete flow of our system by taking into consideration several aspects of the data and system configuration. These aspects pertain to the quality and amount of training data, the use of pretrained models, and the data contained therein, as well as the identity of the target speaker; with regard to the latter, we show that we can perform zero-shot lip adaptation to an unseen identity by simply updating the shape of the lips in our model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Analysis of Selection Bias Issue for Online Advertising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03853">arxiv:2206.03853</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shinya Suzumura, Hitoshi Abe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In online advertising, a set of potential advertisements can be ranked by a certain auction system where usually the top-1 advertisement would be selected and displayed at an advertising space. In this paper, we show a selection bias issue that is present in an auction system. We analyze that the selection bias destroy truthfulness of the auction, which implies that the buyers (advertisers) on the auction can not maximize their profits. Although selection bias is well known in the field of statistics and there are lot of studies for it, our main contribution is to combine the theoretical analysis of the bias with the auction mechanism. In our experiment using online A/B testing, we evaluate the selection bias on an auction system whose ranking score is the function of predicted CTR (click through rate) of advertisement. The experiment showed that the selection bias is drastically reduced by using a multi-task learning which learns the data for all advertisements.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Toward Certified Robustness Against Real-World Distribution Shifts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03669">arxiv:2206.03669</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Haoze Wu, Teruhiro Tagomori, Alexander Robey, Fengjun Yang, Nikolai Matni, George Pappas, Hamed Hassani, Corina Pasareanu, Clark Barrett</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of certifying the robustness of deep neural networks against real-world distribution shifts. To do so, we bridge the gap between hand-crafted specifications and realistic deployment settings by proposing a novel neural-symbolic verification framework, in which we train a generative model to learn perturbations from data and define specifications with respect to the output of the learned model. A unique challenge arising from this setting is that existing verifiers cannot tightly approximate sigmoid activations, which are fundamental to many state-of-the-art generative models. To address this challenge, we propose a general meta-algorithm for handling sigmoid activations which leverages classical notions of counter-example-guided abstraction refinement. The key idea is to "lazily" refine the abstraction of sigmoid functions to exclude spurious counter-examples found in the previous abstraction, thus guaranteeing progress in the verification process while keeping the state-space small. Experiments on the MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets show that our framework significantly outperforms existing methods on a range of challenging distribution shifts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predictive Modeling of Charge Levels for Battery Electric Vehicles using CNN EfficientNet and IGTD Algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03612">arxiv:2206.03612</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Seongwoo Choi, Chongzhou Fang, David Haddad, Minsung Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been a good solution for understanding a vast image dataset. As the increased number of battery-equipped electric vehicles is flourishing globally, there has been much research on understanding which charge levels electric vehicle drivers would choose to charge their vehicles to get to their destination without any prevention. We implemented deep learning approaches to analyze the tabular datasets to understand their state of charge and which charge levels they would choose. In addition, we implemented the Image Generator for Tabular Dataset algorithm to utilize tabular datasets as image datasets to train convolutional neural networks. Also, we integrated other CNN architecture such as EfficientNet to prove that CNN is a great learner for reading information from images that were converted from the tabular dataset, and able to predict charge levels for battery-equipped electric vehicles. We also evaluated several optimization methods to enhance the learning rate of the models and examined further analysis on improving the model architecture.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decoupled Self-supervised Learning for Non-Homophilous Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03601">arxiv:2206.03601</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Teng Xiao, Zhengyu Chen, Zhimeng Guo, Zeyang Zhuang, Suhang Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we study the problem of conducting self-supervised learning for node representation learning on non-homophilous graphs. Existing self-supervised learning methods typically assume the graph is homophilous where linked nodes often belong to the same class or have similar features. However, such assumptions of homophily do not always hold true in real-world graphs. We address this problem by developing a decoupled self-supervised learning (DSSL) framework for graph neural networks. DSSL imitates a generative process of nodes and links from latent variable modeling of the semantic structure, which decouples different underlying semantics between different neighborhoods into the self-supervised node learning process. Our DSSL framework is agnostic to the encoders and does not need prefabricated augmentations, thus is flexible to different graphs. To effectively optimize the framework with latent variables, we derive the evidence lower-bound of the self-supervised objective and develop a scalable training algorithm with variational inference. We provide a theoretical analysis to justify that DSSL enjoys better downstream performance. Extensive experiments on various types of graph benchmarks demonstrate that our proposed framework can significantly achieve better performance compared with competitive self-supervised learning baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>One Ring to Bring Them All: Towards Open-Set Recognition under Domain Shift</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03600">arxiv:2206.03600</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shiqi Yang, Yaxing Wang, Kai Wang, Shangling Jui, Joost van de Weijer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we investigate $\textit{open-set recognition}$ with domain shift, where the final goal is to achieve $\textit{Source-free Universal Domain Adaptation}$ (SF-UNDA), which addresses the situation where there exist both domain and category shifts between source and target domains. Under the SF-UNDA setting, the model cannot access source data anymore during target adaptation, which aims to address data privacy concerns. We propose a novel training scheme to learn a ($n$+1)-way classifier to predict the $n$ source classes and the unknown class, where samples of only known source categories are available for training. Furthermore, for target adaptation, we simply adopt a weighted entropy minimization to adapt the source pretrained model to the unlabeled target domain without source data. In experiments, we show: $\textbf{1)}$ After source training, the resulting source model can get excellent performance for $\textit{open-set single domain generalization}$ and also $\textit{open-set recognition}$ tasks; $\textbf{2)}$ After target adaptation, our method surpasses current UNDA approaches which demand source data during adaptation on several benchmarks. The versatility to several different tasks strongly proves the efficacy and generalization ability of our method. $\textbf{3)}$ When augmented with a closed-set domain adaptation approach during target adaptation, our source-free method further outperforms the current state-of-the-art UNDA method by 2.5%, 7.2% and 13% on Office-31, Office-Home and VisDA respectively. Code will be available in https://github.com/Albert0147/OneRing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Network Compression via Effective Filter Analysis and Hierarchical Pruning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03596">arxiv:2206.03596</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ziqi Zhou, Li Lian, Yilong Yin, Ze Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Network compression is crucial to making the deep networks to be more efficient, faster, and generalizable to low-end hardware. Current network compression methods have two open problems: first, there lacks a theoretical framework to estimate the maximum compression rate; second, some layers may get over-prunned, resulting in significant network performance drop. To solve these two problems, this study propose a gradient-matrix singularity analysis-based method to estimate the maximum network redundancy. Guided by that maximum rate, a novel and efficient hierarchical network pruning algorithm is developed to maximally condense the neuronal network structure without sacrificing network performance. Substantial experiments are performed to demonstrate the efficacy of the new method for pruning several advanced convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures. Compared to existing pruning methods, the proposed pruning algorithm achieved state-of-the-art performance. At the same or similar compression ratio, the new method provided the highest network prediction accuracy as compared to other methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ObPose: Leveraging Canonical Pose for Object-Centric Scene Inference in 3D</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03591">arxiv:2206.03591</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yizhe Wu, Oiwi Parker Jones, Ingmar Posner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present ObPose, an unsupervised object-centric generative model that learns to segment 3D objects from RGB-D video in an unsupervised manner. Inspired by prior art in 2D representation learning, ObPose considers a factorised latent space, separately encoding object-wise location (where) and appearance (what) information. In particular, ObPose leverages an object's canonical pose, defined via a minimum volume principle, as a novel inductive bias for learning the where component. To achieve this, we propose an efficient, voxelised approximation approach to recover the object shape directly from a neural radiance field (NeRF). As a consequence, ObPose models scenes as compositions of NeRFs representing individual objects. When evaluated on the YCB dataset for unsupervised scene segmentation, ObPose outperforms the current state-of-the-art in 3D scene inference (ObSuRF) by a significant margin in terms of segmentation quality for both video inputs as well as for multi-view static scenes. In addition, the design choices made in the ObPose encoder are validated with relevant ablations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SHRED: 3D Shape Region Decomposition with Learned Local Operations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03480">arxiv:2206.03480</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>R. Kenny Jones, Aalia Habib, Daniel Ritchie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present SHRED, a method for 3D SHape REgion Decomposition. SHRED takes a 3D point cloud as input and uses learned local operations to produce a segmentation that approximates fine-grained part instances. We endow SHRED with three decomposition operations: splitting regions, fixing the boundaries between regions, and merging regions together. Modules are trained independently and locally, allowing SHRED to generate high-quality segmentations for categories not seen during training. We train and evaluate SHRED with fine-grained segmentations from PartNet; using its merge-threshold hyperparameter, we show that SHRED produces segmentations that better respect ground-truth annotations compared with baseline methods, at any desired decomposition granularity. Finally, we demonstrate that SHRED is useful for downstream applications, out-performing all baselines on zero-shot fine-grained part instance segmentation and few-shot fine-grained semantic segmentation when combined with methods that learn to label shape regions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning in Observable POMDPs, without Computationally Intractable Oracles</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03446">arxiv:2206.03446</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Noah Golowich, Ankur Moitra, Dhruv Rohatgi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Much of reinforcement learning theory is built on top of oracles that are computationally hard to implement. Specifically for learning near-optimal policies in Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes (POMDPs), existing algorithms either need to make strong assumptions about the model dynamics (e.g. deterministic transitions) or assume access to an oracle for solving a hard optimistic planning or estimation problem as a subroutine. In this work we develop the first oracle-free learning algorithm for POMDPs under reasonable assumptions. Specifically, we give a quasipolynomial-time end-to-end algorithm for learning in "observable" POMDPs, where observability is the assumption that well-separated distributions over states induce well-separated distributions over observations. Our techniques circumvent the more traditional approach of using the principle of optimism under uncertainty to promote exploration, and instead give a novel application of barycentric spanners to constructing policy covers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Sparse Mean Estimation via Sum of Squares</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03441">arxiv:2206.03441</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ilias Diakonikolas, Daniel M. Kane, Sushrut Karmalkar, Ankit Pensia, Thanasis Pittas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of high-dimensional sparse mean estimation in the presence of an $ε$-fraction of adversarial outliers. Prior work obtained sample and computationally efficient algorithms for this task for identity-covariance subgaussian distributions. In this work, we develop the first efficient algorithms for robust sparse mean estimation without a priori knowledge of the covariance. For distributions on $\mathbb R^d$ with "certifiably bounded" $t$-th moments and sufficiently light tails, our algorithm achieves error of $O(ε^{1-1/t})$ with sample complexity $m = (k\log(d))^{O(t)}/ε^{2-2/t}$. For the special case of the Gaussian distribution, our algorithm achieves near-optimal error of $\tilde O(ε)$ with sample complexity $m = O(k^4 \mathrm{polylog}(d))/ε^2$. Our algorithms follow the Sum-of-Squares based, proofs to algorithms approach. We complement our upper bounds with Statistical Query and low-degree polynomial testing lower bounds, providing evidence that the sample-time-error tradeoffs achieved by our algorithms are qualitatively the best possible.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>cViL: Cross-Lingual Training of Vision-Language Models using Knowledge Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03354">arxiv:2206.03354</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Kshitij Gupta, Devansh Gautam, Radhika Mamidi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Vision-and-language tasks are gaining popularity in the research community, but the focus is still mainly on English. We propose a pipeline that utilizes English-only vision-language models to train a monolingual model for a target language. We propose to extend OSCAR+, a model which leverages object tags as anchor points for learning image-text alignments, to train on visual question answering datasets in different languages. We propose a novel approach to knowledge distillation to train the model in other languages using parallel sentences. Compared to other models that use the target language in the pretraining corpora, we can leverage an existing English model to transfer the knowledge to the target language using significantly lesser resources. We also release a large-scale visual question answering dataset in Japanese and Hindi language. Though we restrict our work to visual question answering, our model can be extended to any sequence-level classification task, and it can be extended to other languages as well. This paper focuses on two languages for the visual question answering task - Japanese and Hindi. Our pipeline outperforms the current state-of-the-art models by a relative increase of 4.4% and 13.4% respectively in accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AS2T: Arbitrary Source-To-Target Adversarial Attack on Speaker Recognition Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03351">arxiv:2206.03351</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Guangke Chen, Zhe Zhao, Fu Song, Sen Chen, Lingling Fan, Yang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent work has illuminated the vulnerability of speaker recognition systems (SRSs) against adversarial attacks, raising significant security concerns in deploying SRSs. However, they considered only a few settings (e.g., some combinations of source and target speakers), leaving many interesting and important settings in real-world attack scenarios alone. In this work, we present AS2T, the first attack in this domain which covers all the settings, thus allows the adversary to craft adversarial voices using arbitrary source and target speakers for any of three main recognition tasks. Since none of the existing loss functions can be applied to all the settings, we explore many candidate loss functions for each setting including the existing and newly designed ones. We thoroughly evaluate their efficacy and find that some existing loss functions are suboptimal. Then, to improve the robustness of AS2T towards practical over-the-air attack, we study the possible distortions occurred in over-the-air transmission, utilize different transformation functions with different parameters to model those distortions, and incorporate them into the generation of adversarial voices. Our simulated over-the-air evaluation validates the effectiveness of our solution in producing robust adversarial voices which remain effective under various hardware devices and various acoustic environments with different reverberation, ambient noises, and noise levels. Finally, we leverage AS2T to perform thus far the largest-scale evaluation to understand transferability among 14 diverse SRSs. The transferability analysis provides many interesting and useful insights which challenge several findings and conclusion drawn in previous works in the image domain. Our study also sheds light on future directions of adversarial attacks in the speaker recognition domain.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Shedding a PAC-Bayesian Light on Adaptive Sliced-Wasserstein Distances</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03230">arxiv:2206.03230</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ruben Ohana, Kimia Nadjahi, Alain Rakotomamonjy, Liva Ralaivola</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Sliced-Wasserstein distance (SW) is a computationally efficient and theoretically grounded alternative to the Wasserstein distance. Yet, the literature on its statistical properties with respect to the distribution of slices, beyond the uniform measure, is scarce. To bring new contributions to this line of research, we leverage the PAC-Bayesian theory and the central observation that SW actually hinges on a slice-distribution-dependent Gibbs risk, the kind of quantity PAC-Bayesian bounds have been designed to characterize. We provide four types of results: i) PAC-Bayesian generalization bounds that hold on what we refer as adaptive Sliced-Wasserstein distances, i.e. distances defined with respect to any distribution of slices, ii) a procedure to learn the distribution of slices that yields a maximally discriminative SW, by optimizing our PAC-Bayesian bounds, iii) an insight on how the performance of the so-called distributional Sliced-Wasserstein distance may be explained through our theory, and iv) empirical illustrations of our findings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spatial Cross-Attention Improves Self-Supervised Visual Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.05028">arxiv:2206.05028</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mehdi Seyfi, Amin Banitalebi-Dehkordi, Yong Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised representation learning methods like SwAV are proved to be effective in learning visual semantics of a target dataset. The main idea behind these methods is that different views of a same image represent the same semantics. In this paper, we further introduce an add-on module to facilitate the injection of the knowledge accounting for spatial cross correlations among the samples. This in turn results in distilling intra-class information including feature level locations and cross similarities between same-class instances. The proposed add-on can be added to existing methods such as the SwAV. We can later remove the add-on module for inference without any modification of the learned weights. Through an extensive set of empirical evaluations, we verify that our method yields an improved performance in detecting the class activation maps, top-1 classification accuracy, and down-stream tasks such as object detection, with different configuration settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Extending Momentum Contrast with Cross Similarity Consistency Regularization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.04676">arxiv:2206.04676</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mehdi Seyfi, Amin Banitalebi-Dehkordi, Yong Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Contrastive self-supervised representation learning methods maximize the similarity between the positive pairs, and at the same time tend to minimize the similarity between the negative pairs. However, in general the interplay between the negative pairs is ignored as they do not put in place special mechanisms to treat negative pairs differently according to their specific differences and similarities. In this paper, we present Extended Momentum Contrast (XMoCo), a self-supervised representation learning method founded upon the legacy of the momentum-encoder unit proposed in the MoCo family configurations. To this end, we introduce a cross consistency regularization loss, with which we extend the transformation consistency to dissimilar images (negative pairs). Under the cross consistency regularization rule, we argue that semantic representations associated with any pair of images (positive or negative) should preserve their cross-similarity under pretext transformations. Moreover, we further regularize the training loss by enforcing a uniform distribution of similarity over the negative pairs across a batch. The proposed regularization can easily be added to existing self-supervised learning algorithms in a plug-and-play fashion. Empirically, we report a competitive performance on the standard Imagenet-1K linear head classification benchmark. In addition, by transferring the learned representations to common downstream tasks, we show that using XMoCo with the prevalently utilized augmentations can lead to improvements in the performance of such tasks. We hope the findings of this paper serve as a motivation for researchers to take into consideration the important interplay among the negative examples in self-supervised learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Joint Adversarial Learning for Cross-domain Fair Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03656">arxiv:2206.03656</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yueqing Liang, Canyu Chen, Tian Tian, Kai Shu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern machine learning (ML) models are becoming increasingly popular and are widely used in decision-making systems. However, studies have shown critical issues of ML discrimination and unfairness, which hinder their adoption on high-stake applications. Recent research on fair classifiers has drawn significant attention to develop effective algorithms to achieve fairness and good classification performance. Despite the great success of these fairness-aware machine learning models, most of the existing models require sensitive attributes to preprocess the data, regularize the model learning or postprocess the prediction to have fair predictions. However, sensitive attributes are often incomplete or even unavailable due to privacy, legal or regulation restrictions. Though we lack the sensitive attribute for training a fair model in the target domain, there might exist a similar domain that has sensitive attributes. Thus, it is important to exploit auxiliary information from the similar domain to help improve fair classification in the target domain. Therefore, in this paper, we study a novel problem of exploring domain adaptation for fair classification. We propose a new framework that can simultaneously estimate the sensitive attributes while learning a fair classifier in the target domain. Extensive experiments on real-world datasets illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed model for fair classification, even when no sensitive attributes are available in the target domain.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Bandit with Arm Group Graph</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03644">arxiv:2206.03644</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yunzhe Qi, Yikun Ban, Jingrui He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Contextual bandits aim to identify among a set of arms the optimal one with the highest reward based on their contextual information. Motivated by the fact that the arms usually exhibit group behaviors and the mutual impacts exist among groups, we introduce a new model, Arm Group Graph (AGG), where the nodes represent the groups of arms and the weighted edges formulate the correlations among groups. To leverage the rich information in AGG, we propose a bandit algorithm, AGG-UCB, where the neural networks are designed to estimate rewards, and we propose to utilize graph neural networks (GNN) to learn the representations of arm groups with correlations. To solve the exploitation-exploration dilemma in bandits, we derive a new upper confidence bound (UCB) built on neural networks (exploitation) for exploration. Furthermore, we prove that AGG-UCB can achieve a near-optimal regret bound with over-parameterized neural networks, and provide the convergence analysis of GNN with fully-connected layers which may be of independent interest. In the end, we conduct extensive experiments against state-of-the-art baselines on multiple public data sets, showing the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FedPop: A Bayesian Approach for Personalised Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03611">arxiv:2206.03611</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nikita Kotelevskii, Maxime Vono, Eric Moulines, Alain Durmus</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Personalised federated learning (FL) aims at collaboratively learning a machine learning model taylored for each client. Albeit promising advances have been made in this direction, most of existing approaches works do not allow for uncertainty quantification which is crucial in many applications. In addition, personalisation in the cross-device setting still involves important issues, especially for new clients or those having small number of observations. This paper aims at filling these gaps. To this end, we propose a novel methodology coined FedPop by recasting personalised FL into the population modeling paradigm where clients' models involve fixed common population parameters and random effects, aiming at explaining data heterogeneity. To derive convergence guarantees for our scheme, we introduce a new class of federated stochastic optimisation algorithms which relies on Markov chain Monte Carlo methods. Compared to existing personalised FL methods, the proposed methodology has important benefits: it is robust to client drift, practical for inference on new clients, and above all, enables uncertainty quantification under mild computational and memory overheads. We provide non-asymptotic convergence guarantees for the proposed algorithms and illustrate their performances on various personalised federated learning tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A new method incorporating deep learning with shape priors for left ventricular segmentation in myocardial perfusion SPECT images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03603">arxiv:2206.03603</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Fubao Zhu, Jinyu Zhao, Chen Zhao, Shaojie Tang, Jiaofen Nan, Yanting Li, Zhongqiang Zhao, Jianzhou Shi, Zenghong Chen, Zhixin Jiang, Weihua Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Background: The assessment of left ventricular (LV) function by myocardial perfusion SPECT (MPS) relies on accurate myocardial segmentation. The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a new method incorporating deep learning with shape priors to accurately extract the LV myocardium for automatic measurement of LV functional parameters. Methods: A segmentation architecture that integrates a three-dimensional (3D) V-Net with a shape deformation module was developed. Using the shape priors generated by a dynamic programming (DP) algorithm, the model output was then constrained and guided during the model training for quick convergence and improved performance. A stratified 5-fold cross-validation was used to train and validate our models. Results: Results of our proposed method agree well with those from the ground truth. Our proposed model achieved a Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) of 0.9573(0.0244), 0.9821(0.0137), and 0.9903(0.0041), a Hausdorff distances (HD) of 6.7529(2.7334) mm, 7.2507(3.1952) mm, and 7.6121(3.0134) mm in extracting the endocardium, myocardium, and epicardium, respectively. Conclusion: Our proposed method achieved a high accuracy in extracting LV myocardial contours and assessing LV function.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Guidelines and a Corpus for Extracting Biographical Events</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03547">arxiv:2206.03547</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Marco Antonio Stranisci, Enrico Mensa, Ousmane Diakite, Daniele Radicioni, Rossana Damiano</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite biographies are widely spread within the Semantic Web, resources and approaches to automatically extract biographical events are limited. Such limitation reduces the amount of structured, machine-readable biographical information, especially about people belonging to underrepresented groups. Our work challenges this limitation by providing a set of guidelines for the semantic annotation of life events. The guidelines are designed to be interoperable with existing ISO-standards for semantic annotation: ISO-TimeML (ISO-24617-1), and SemAF (ISO-24617-4). Guidelines were tested through an annotation task of Wikipedia biographies of underrepresented writers, namely authors born in non-Western countries, migrants, or belonging to ethnic minorities. 1,000 sentences were annotated by 4 annotators with an average Inter-Annotator Agreement of 0.825. The resulting corpus was mapped on OntoNotes. Such mapping allowed to to expand our corpus, showing that already existing resources may be exploited for the biographical event extraction task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Penny for Your (visual) Thoughts: Self-Supervised Reconstruction of Natural Movies from Brain Activity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03544">arxiv:2206.03544</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ganit Kupershmidt, Roman Beliy, Guy Gaziv, Michal Irani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reconstructing natural videos from fMRI brain recordings is very challenging, for two main reasons: (i) As fMRI data acquisition is difficult, we only have a limited amount of supervised samples, which is not enough to cover the huge space of natural videos; and (ii) The temporal resolution of fMRI recordings is much lower than the frame rate of natural videos. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised approach for natural-movie reconstruction. By employing cycle-consistency over Encoding-Decoding natural videos, we can: (i) exploit the full framerate of the training videos, and not be limited only to clips that correspond to fMRI recordings; (ii) exploit massive amounts of external natural videos which the subjects never saw inside the fMRI machine. These enable increasing the applicable training data by several orders of magnitude, introducing natural video priors to the decoding network, as well as temporal coherence. Our approach significantly outperforms competing methods, since those train only on the limited supervised data. We further introduce a new and simple temporal prior of natural videos, which - when folded into our fMRI decoder further - allows us to reconstruct videos at a higher frame-rate (HFR) of up to x8 of the original fMRI sample rate.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EiX-GNN : Concept-level eigencentrality explainer for graph neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03491">arxiv:2206.03491</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Pascal Bourdon, David Helbert, Adrien Raison</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Explaining is a human knowledge transfer process regarding a phenomenon between an explainer and an explainee. Each word used to explain this phenomenon must be carefully selected by the explainer in accordance with the current explainee phenomenon-related knowledge level and the phenomenon itself in order to have a high understanding from the explainee of the phenomenon. Nowadays, deep models, especially graph neural networks, have a major place in daily life even in critical applications. In such context, those models need to have a human high interpretability also referred as being explainable, in order to improve usage trustability of them in sensitive cases. Explaining is also a human dependent task and methods that explain deep model behavior must include these social-related concerns for providing profitable and quality explanations. Current explaining methods often occlude such social aspect for providing their explanations and only focus on the signal aspect of the question. In this contribution we propose a reliable social-aware explaining method suited for graph neural network that includes this social feature as a modular concept generator and by both leveraging signal and graph domain aspect thanks to an eigencentrality concept ordering approach. Besides our method takes into account the human-dependent aspect underlying any explanation process, we also reach high score regarding state-of-the-art objective metrics assessing explanation methods for graph neural networks models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discrete State-Action Abstraction via the Successor Representation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03467">arxiv:2206.03467</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Amnon Attali, Pedro Cisneros-Velarde, Marco Morales, Nancy M. Amato</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When reinforcement learning is applied with sparse rewards, agents must spend a prohibitively long time exploring the unknown environment without any learning signal. Abstraction is one approach that provides the agent with an intrinsic reward for transitioning in a latent space. Prior work focuses on dense continuous latent spaces, or requires the user to manually provide the representation. Our approach is the first for automatically learning a discrete abstraction of the underlying environment. Moreover, our method works on arbitrary input spaces, using an end-to-end trainable regularized successor representation model. For transitions between abstract states, we train a set of temporally extended actions in the form of options, i.e., an action abstraction. Our proposed algorithm, Discrete State-Action Abstraction (DSAA), iteratively swaps between training these options and using them to efficiently explore more of the environment to improve the state abstraction. As a result, our model is not only useful for transfer learning but also in the online learning setting. We empirically show that our agent is able to explore the environment and solve provided tasks more efficiently than baseline reinforcement learning algorithms. Our code is publicly available at \url{https://github.com/amnonattali/dsaa}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Gender Bias in Word Embeddings: A Comprehensive Analysis of Frequency, Syntax, and Semantics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03390">arxiv:2206.03390</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Aylin Caliskan, Pimparkar Parth Ajay, Tessa Charlesworth, Robert Wolfe, Mahzarin R. Banaji</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The statistical regularities in language corpora encode well-known social biases into word embeddings. Here, we focus on gender to provide a comprehensive analysis of group-based biases in widely-used static English word embeddings trained on internet corpora (GloVe 2014, fastText 2017). Using the Single-Category Word Embedding Association Test, we demonstrate the widespread prevalence of gender biases that also show differences in: (1) frequencies of words associated with men versus women; (b) part-of-speech tags in gender-associated words; (c) semantic categories in gender-associated words; and (d) valence, arousal, and dominance in gender-associated words.
  First, in terms of word frequency: we find that, of the 1,000 most frequent words in the vocabulary, 77% are more associated with men than women, providing direct evidence of a masculine default in the everyday language of the English-speaking world. Second, turning to parts-of-speech: the top male-associated words are typically verbs (e.g., fight, overpower) while the top female-associated words are typically adjectives and adverbs (e.g., giving, emotionally). Gender biases in embeddings also permeate parts-of-speech. Third, for semantic categories: bottom-up, cluster analyses of the top 1,000 words associated with each gender. The top male-associated concepts include roles and domains of big tech, engineering, religion, sports, and violence; in contrast, the top female-associated concepts are less focused on roles, including, instead, female-specific slurs and sexual content, as well as appearance and kitchen terms. Fourth, using human ratings of word valence, arousal, and dominance from a ~20,000 word lexicon, we find that male-associated words are higher on arousal and dominance, while female-associated words are higher on valence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Imitating Past Successes can be Very Suboptimal</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03378">arxiv:2206.03378</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Benjamin Eysenbach, Soumith Udatha, Sergey Levine, Ruslan Salakhutdinov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prior work has proposed a simple strategy for reinforcement learning (RL): label experience with the outcomes achieved in that experience, and then imitate the relabeled experience. These outcome-conditioned imitation learning methods are appealing because of their simplicity, strong performance, and close ties with supervised learning. However, it remains unclear how these methods relate to the standard RL objective, reward maximization. In this paper, we prove that existing outcome-conditioned imitation learning methods do not necessarily improve the policy; rather, in some settings they can decrease the expected reward. Nonetheless, we show that a simple modification results in a method that does guarantee policy improvement, under some assumptions. Our aim is not to develop an entirely new method, but rather to explain how a variant of outcome-conditioned imitation learning can be used to maximize rewards.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Searching for Optimal Subword Tokenization in Cross-domain NER</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03352">arxiv:2206.03352</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ruotian Ma, Yiding Tan, Xin Zhou, Xuanting Chen, Di Liang, Sirui Wang, Wei Wu, Tao Gui, Qi Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Input distribution shift is one of the vital problems in unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA). The most popular UDA approaches focus on domain-invariant representation learning, trying to align the features from different domains into similar feature distributions. However, these approaches ignore the direct alignment of input word distributions between domains, which is a vital factor in word-level classification tasks such as cross-domain NER. In this work, we shed new light on cross-domain NER by introducing a subword-level solution, X-Piece, for input word-level distribution shift in NER. Specifically, we re-tokenize the input words of the source domain to approach the target subword distribution, which is formulated and solved as an optimal transport problem. As this approach focuses on the input level, it can also be combined with previous DIRL methods for further improvement. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed method based on BERT-tagger on four benchmark NER datasets. Also, the proposed method is proved to benefit DIRL methods such as DANN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Parotid Gland MRI Segmentation Based on Swin-Unet and Multimodal Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03336">arxiv:2206.03336</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yin Dai, Zi'an Xu, Fayu Liu, Siqi Li, Sheng Liu, Lifu Shi, Jun Fu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Parotid gland tumors account for approximately 2% to 10% of head and neck tumors. Preoperative tumor localization, differential diagnosis, and subsequent selection of appropriate treatment for parotid gland tumors is critical. However, the relative rarity of these tumors and the highly dispersed tissue types have left an unmet need for a subtle differential diagnosis of such neoplastic lesions based on preoperative radiomics. Recently, deep learning methods have developed rapidly, especially Transformer beats the traditional convolutional neural network in computer vision. Many new Transformer-based networks have been proposed for computer vision tasks. In this study, multicenter multimodal parotid gland MRI images were collected. The Swin-Unet which was based on Transformer was used. MRI images of STIR, T1 and T2 modalities were combined into a three-channel data to train the network. We achieved segmentation of the region of interest for parotid gland and tumor. The DSC of the model on the test set was 88.63%, MPA was 99.31%, MIoU was 83.99%, and HD was 3.04. Then a series of comparison experiments were designed in this paper to further validate the segmentation performance of the algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Integrating Random Effects in Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03314">arxiv:2206.03314</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Giora Simchoni, Saharon Rosset</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern approaches to supervised learning like deep neural networks (DNNs) typically implicitly assume that observed responses are statistically independent. In contrast, correlated data are prevalent in real-life large-scale applications, with typical sources of correlation including spatial, temporal and clustering structures. These correlations are either ignored by DNNs, or ad-hoc solutions are developed for specific use cases. We propose to use the mixed models framework to handle correlated data in DNNs. By treating the effects underlying the correlation structure as random effects, mixed models are able to avoid overfitted parameter estimates and ultimately yield better predictive performance. The key to combining mixed models and DNNs is using the Gaussian negative log-likelihood (NLL) as a natural loss function that is minimized with DNN machinery including stochastic gradient descent (SGD). Since NLL does not decompose like standard DNN loss functions, the use of SGD with NLL presents some theoretical and implementation challenges, which we address. Our approach which we call LMMNN is demonstrated to improve performance over natural competitors in various correlation scenarios on diverse simulated and real datasets. Our focus is on a regression setting and tabular datasets, but we also show some results for classification. Our code is available at https://github.com/gsimchoni/lmmnn.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physics-Inspired Temporal Learning of Quadrotor Dynamics for Accurate Model Predictive Trajectory Tracking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03305">arxiv:2206.03305</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Alessandro Saviolo, Guanrui Li, Giuseppe Loianno</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurately modeling quadrotor's system dynamics is critical for guaranteeing agile, safe, and stable navigation. The model needs to capture the system behavior in multiple flight regimes and operating conditions, including those producing highly nonlinear effects such as aerodynamic forces and torques, rotor interactions, or possible system configuration modifications. Classical approaches rely on handcrafted models and struggle to generalize and scale to capture these effects. In this paper, we present a novel Physics-Inspired Temporal Convolutional Network (PI-TCN) approach to learning quadrotor's system dynamics purely from robot experience. Our approach combines the expressive power of sparse temporal convolutions and dense feed-forward connections to make accurate system predictions. In addition, physics constraints are embedded in the training process to facilitate the network's generalization capabilities to data outside the training distribution. Finally, we design a model predictive control approach that incorporates the learned dynamics for accurate closed-loop trajectory tracking fully exploiting the learned model predictions in a receding horizon fashion. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach accurately extracts the structure of the quadrotor's dynamics from data, capturing effects that would remain hidden to classical approaches. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time physics-inspired deep learning is successfully applied to temporal convolutional networks and to the system identification task, while concurrently enabling predictive control.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explaining the physics of transfer learning a data-driven subgrid-scale closure to a different turbulent flow</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03198">arxiv:2206.03198</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Adam Subel, Yifei Guan, Ashesh Chattopadhyay, Pedram Hassanzadeh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transfer learning (TL) is becoming a powerful tool in scientific applications of neural networks (NNs), such as weather/climate prediction and turbulence modeling. TL enables out-of-distribution generalization (e.g., extrapolation in parameters) and effective blending of disparate training sets (e.g., simulations and observations). In TL, selected layers of a NN, already trained for a base system, are re-trained using a small dataset from a target system. For effective TL, we need to know 1) what are the best layers to re-train? and 2) what physics are learned during TL? Here, we present novel analyses and a new framework to address (1)-(2) for a broad range of multi-scale, nonlinear systems. Our approach combines spectral analyses of the systems' data with spectral analyses of convolutional NN's activations and kernels, explaining the inner-workings of TL in terms of the system's nonlinear physics. Using subgrid-scale modeling of several setups of 2D turbulence as test cases, we show that the learned kernels are combinations of low-, band-, and high-pass filters, and that TL learns new filters whose nature is consistent with the spectral differences of base and target systems. We also find the shallowest layers are the best to re-train in these cases, which is against the common wisdom guiding TL in machine learning literature. Our framework identifies the best layer(s) to re-train beforehand, based on physics and NN theory. Together, these analyses explain the physics learned in TL and provide a framework to guide TL for wide-ranging applications in science and engineering, such as climate change modeling.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Utility of Equivariant Message Passing in Cortical Mesh Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03164">arxiv:2206.03164</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Dániel Unyi, Ferdinando Insalata, Petar Veličković, Bálint Gyires-Tóth</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The automated segmentation of cortical areas has been a long-standing challenge in medical image analysis. The complex geometry of the cortex is commonly represented as a polygon mesh, whose segmentation can be addressed by graph-based learning methods. When cortical meshes are misaligned across subjects, current methods produce significantly worse segmentation results, limiting their ability to handle multi-domain data. In this paper, we investigate the utility of E(n)-equivariant graph neural networks (EGNNs), comparing their performance against plain graph neural networks (GNNs). Our evaluation shows that GNNs outperform EGNNs on aligned meshes, due to their ability to leverage the presence of a global coordinate system. On misaligned meshes, the performance of plain GNNs drop considerably, while E(n)-equivariant message passing maintains the same segmentation results. The best results can also be obtained by using plain GNNs on realigned data (co-registered meshes in a global coordinate system).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Beyond spectral gap: The role of the topology in decentralized learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03093">arxiv:2206.03093</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Thijs Vogels, Hadrien Hendrikx, Martin Jaggi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In data-parallel optimization of machine learning models, workers collaborate to improve their estimates of the model: more accurate gradients allow them to use larger learning rates and optimize faster. We consider the setting in which all workers sample from the same dataset, and communicate over a sparse graph (decentralized). In this setting, current theory fails to capture important aspects of real-world behavior. First, the 'spectral gap' of the communication graph is not predictive of its empirical performance in (deep) learning. Second, current theory does not explain that collaboration enables larger learning rates than training alone. In fact, it prescribes smaller learning rates, which further decrease as graphs become larger, failing to explain convergence in infinite graphs. This paper aims to paint an accurate picture of sparsely-connected distributed optimization when workers share the same data distribution. We quantify how the graph topology influences convergence in a quadratic toy problem and provide theoretical results for general smooth and (strongly) convex objectives. Our theory matches empirical observations in deep learning, and accurately describes the relative merits of different graph topologies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Siamese Encoder-based Spatial-Temporal Mixer for Growth Trend Prediction of Lung Nodules on CT Scans</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03049">arxiv:2206.03049</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jiansheng Fang, Jingwen Wang, Anwei Li, Yuguang Yan, Yonghe Hou, Chao Song, Hongbo Liu, Jiang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the management of lung nodules, we are desirable to predict nodule evolution in terms of its diameter variation on Computed Tomography (CT) scans and then provide a follow-up recommendation according to the predicted result of the growing trend of the nodule. In order to improve the performance of growth trend prediction for lung nodules, it is vital to compare the changes of the same nodule in consecutive CT scans. Motivated by this, we screened out 4,666 subjects with more than two consecutive CT scans from the National Lung Screening Trial (NLST) dataset to organize a temporal dataset called NLSTt. In specific, we first detect and pair regions of interest (ROIs) covering the same nodule based on registered CT scans. After that, we predict the texture category and diameter size of the nodules through models. Last, we annotate the evolution class of each nodule according to its changes in diameter. Based on the built NLSTt dataset, we propose a siamese encoder to simultaneously exploit the discriminative features of 3D ROIs detected from consecutive CT scans. Then we novelly design a spatial-temporal mixer (STM) to leverage the interval changes of the same nodule in sequential 3D ROIs and capture spatial dependencies of nodule regions and the current 3D ROI. According to the clinical diagnosis routine, we employ hierarchical loss to pay more attention to growing nodules. The extensive experiments on our organized dataset demonstrate the advantage of our proposed method. We also conduct experiments on an in-house dataset to evaluate the clinical utility of our method by comparing it against skilled clinicians.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How Far I'll Go: Offline Goal-Conditioned Reinforcement Learning via $f$-Advantage Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03023">arxiv:2206.03023</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yecheng Jason Ma, Jason Yan, Dinesh Jayaraman, Osbert Bastani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Offline goal-conditioned reinforcement learning (GCRL) promises general-purpose skill learning in the form of reaching diverse goals from purely offline datasets. We propose $\textbf{Go}$al-conditioned $f$-$\textbf{A}$dvantage $\textbf{R}$egression (GoFAR), a novel regression-based offline GCRL algorithm derived from a state-occupancy matching perspective; the key intuition is that the goal-reaching task can be formulated as a state-occupancy matching problem between a dynamics-abiding imitator agent and an expert agent that directly teleports to the goal. In contrast to prior approaches, GoFAR does not require any hindsight relabeling and enjoys uninterleaved optimization for its value and policy networks. These distinct features confer GoFAR with much better offline performance and stability as well as statistical performance guarantee that is unattainable for prior methods. Furthermore, we demonstrate that GoFAR's training objectives can be re-purposed to learn an agent-independent goal-conditioned planner from purely offline source-domain data, which enables zero-shot transfer to new target domains. Through extensive experiments, we validate GoFAR's effectiveness in various problem settings and tasks, significantly outperforming prior state-of-art. Notably, on a real robotic dexterous manipulation task, while no other method makes meaningful progress, GoFAR acquires complex manipulation behavior that successfully accomplishes diverse goals.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Attention-based Representations from Multiple Patterns for Relation Prediction in Knowledge Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.04801">arxiv:2206.04801</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Vítor Lourenço, Aline Paes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge bases, and their representations in the form of knowledge graphs (KGs), are naturally incomplete. Since scientific and industrial applications have extensively adopted them, there is a high demand for solutions that complete their information. Several recent works tackle this challenge by learning embeddings for entities and relations, then employing them to predict new relations among the entities. Despite their aggrandizement, most of those methods focus only on the local neighbors of a relation to learn the embeddings. As a result, they may fail to capture the KGs' context information by neglecting long-term dependencies and the propagation of entities' semantics. In this manuscript, we propose ÆMP (Attention-based Embeddings from Multiple Patterns), a novel model for learning contextualized representations by: (i) acquiring entities' context information through an attention-enhanced message-passing scheme, which captures the entities' local semantics while focusing on different aspects of their neighborhood; and (ii) capturing the semantic context, by leveraging the paths and their relationships between entities. Our empirical findings draw insights into how attention mechanisms can improve entities' context representation and how combining entities and semantic path contexts improves the general representation of entities and the relation predictions. Experimental results on several large and small knowledge graph benchmarks show that ÆMP either outperforms or competes with state-of-the-art relation prediction methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) for Internet of Things: A Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.04800">arxiv:2206.04800</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ibrahim Kok, Feyza Yildirim Okay, Ozgecan Muyanli, Suat Ozdemir</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Black-box nature of Artificial Intelligence (AI) models do not allow users to comprehend and sometimes trust the output created by such model. In AI applications, where not only the results but also the decision paths to the results are critical, such black-box AI models are not sufficient. Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) addresses this problem and defines a set of AI models that are interpretable by the users. Recently, several number of XAI models have been to address the issues surrounding by lack of interpretability and explainability of black-box models in various application areas such as healthcare, military, energy, financial and industrial domains. Although the concept of XAI has gained great deal of attention recently, its integration into the IoT domain has not yet been fully defined. In this paper, we provide an in-depth and systematic review of recent studies using XAI models in the scope of IoT domain. We categorize the studies according to their methodology and applications areas. In addition, we aim to focus on the challenging problems and open issues and give future directions to guide the developers and researchers for prospective future investigations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Can Backdoor Attacks Survive Time-Varying Models?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.04677">arxiv:2206.04677</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Huiying Li, Arjun Nitin Bhagoji, Ben Y. Zhao, Haitao Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Backdoors are powerful attacks against deep neural networks (DNNs). By poisoning training data, attackers can inject hidden rules (backdoors) into DNNs, which only activate on inputs containing attack-specific triggers. While existing work has studied backdoor attacks on a variety of DNN models, they only consider static models, which remain unchanged after initial deployment.
  In this paper, we study the impact of backdoor attacks on a more realistic scenario of time-varying DNN models, where model weights are updated periodically to handle drifts in data distribution over time. Specifically, we empirically quantify the "survivability" of a backdoor against model updates, and examine how attack parameters, data drift behaviors, and model update strategies affect backdoor survivability. Our results show that one-shot backdoor attacks (i.e., only poisoning training data once) do not survive past a few model updates, even when attackers aggressively increase trigger size and poison ratio. To stay unaffected by model update, attackers must continuously introduce corrupted data into the training pipeline. Together, these results indicate that when models are updated to learn new data, they also "forget" backdoors as hidden, malicious features. The larger the distribution shift between old and new training data, the faster backdoors are forgotten. Leveraging these insights, we apply a smart learning rate scheduler to further accelerate backdoor forgetting during model updates, which prevents one-shot backdoors from surviving past a single model update.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving trajectory calculations using deep learning inspired single image superresolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.04015">arxiv:2206.04015</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rüdiger Brecht, Lucie Bakels, Alex Bihlo, Andreas Stohl</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Lagrangian trajectory or particle dispersion models as well as semi-Lagrangian advection schemes require meteorological data such as wind, temperature and geopotential at the exact spatio-temporal locations of the particles that move independently from a regular grid. Traditionally, this high-resolution data has been obtained by interpolating the meteorological parameters from the gridded data of a meteorological model or reanalysis, e.g. using linear interpolation in space and time. However, interpolation errors are a large source of error for these models. Reducing them requires meteorological input fields with high space and time resolution, which may not always be available and can cause severe data storage and transfer problems. Here, we interpret this problem as a single image superresolution task. We interpret meteorological fields available at their native resolution as low-resolution images and train deep neural networks to up-scale them to higher resolution, thereby providing more accurate data for Lagrangian models. We train various versions of the state-of-the-art Enhanced Deep Residual Networks for Superresolution on low-resolution ERA5 reanalysis data with the goal to up-scale these data to arbitrary spatial resolution. We show that the resulting up-scaled wind fields have root-mean-squared errors half the size of the winds obtained with linear spatial interpolation at acceptable computational inference costs. In a test setup using the Lagrangian particle dispersion model FLEXPART and reduced-resolution wind fields, we demonstrate that absolute horizontal transport deviations of calculated trajectories from "ground-truth" trajectories calculated with undegraded 0.5° winds are reduced by at least 49.5% (21.8%) after 48 hours relative to trajectories using linear interpolation of the wind data when training on 2° to 1° (4° to 2°) resolution data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transfer learning to decode brain states reflecting the relationship between cognitive tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03950">arxiv:2206.03950</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Youzhi Qu, Xinyao Jian, Wenxin Che, Penghui Du, Kai Fu, Quanying Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transfer learning improves the performance of the target task by leveraging the data of a specific source task: the closer the relationship between the source and the target tasks, the greater the performance improvement by transfer learning. In neuroscience, the relationship between cognitive tasks is usually represented by similarity of activated brain regions or neural representation. However, no study has linked transfer learning and neuroscience to reveal the relationship between cognitive tasks. In this study, we propose a transfer learning framework to reflect the relationship between cognitive tasks, and compare the task relations reflected by transfer learning and by the overlaps of brain regions (e.g., neurosynth). Our results of transfer learning create cognitive taskonomy to reflect the relationship between cognitive tasks which is well in line with the task relations derived from neurosynth. Transfer learning performs better in task decoding with fMRI data if the source and target cognitive tasks activate similar brain regions. Our study uncovers the relationship of multiple cognitive tasks and provides guidance for source task selection in transfer learning for neural decoding based on small-sample data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decentralized Online Regularized Learning Over Random Time-Varying Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03861">arxiv:2206.03861</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiwei Zhang, Tao Li, Xiaozheng Fu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the decentralized online regularized linear regression algorithm over random time-varying graphs. At each time step, every node runs an online estimation algorithm consisting of an innovation term processing its own new measurement, a consensus term taking a weighted sum of estimations of its own and its neighbors with additive and multiplicative communication noises and a regularization term preventing over-fitting. It is not required that the regression matrices and graphs satisfy special statistical assumptions such as mutual independence, spatio-temporal independence or stationarity. We develop the nonnegative supermartingale inequality of the estimation error, and prove that the estimations of all nodes converge to the unknown true parameter vector almost surely if the algorithm gains, graphs and regression matrices jointly satisfy the sample path spatio-temporal persistence of excitation condition. Especially, this condition holds by choosing appropriate algorithm gains if the graphs are uniformly conditionally jointly connected and conditionally balanced, and the regression models of all nodes are uniformly conditionally spatio-temporally jointly observable, under which the algorithm converges in mean square and almost surely. In addition, we prove that the regret upper bound $\mathcal O(T^{1-τ}\ln T)$, where $τ\in (0.5,1)$ is a constant depending on the algorithm gains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Asymptotic Stability in Reservoir Computing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03854">arxiv:2206.03854</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jonathan Dong, Erik Börve, Mushegh Rafayelyan, Michael Unser</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reservoir Computing is a class of Recurrent Neural Networks with internal weights fixed at random. Stability relates to the sensitivity of the network state to perturbations. It is an important property in Reservoir Computing as it directly impacts performance. In practice, it is desirable to stay in a stable regime, where the effect of perturbations does not explode exponentially, but also close to the chaotic frontier where reservoir dynamics are rich. Open questions remain today regarding input regularization and discontinuous activation functions. In this work, we use the recurrent kernel limit to draw new insights on stability in reservoir computing. This limit corresponds to large reservoir sizes, and it already becomes relevant for reservoirs with a few hundred neurons. We obtain a quantitative characterization of the frontier between stability and chaos, which can greatly benefit hyperparameter tuning. In a broader sense, our results contribute to understanding the complex dynamics of Recurrent Neural Networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FEL: High Capacity Learning for Recommendation and Ranking via Federated Ensemble Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03852">arxiv:2206.03852</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Meisam Hejazinia, Dzmitry Huba, Ilias Leontiadis, Kiwan Maeng, Mani Malek, Luca Melis, Ilya Mironov, Milad Nasr, Kaikai Wang, Carole-Jean Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning (FL) has emerged as an effective approach to address consumer privacy needs. FL has been successfully applied to certain machine learning tasks, such as training smart keyboard models and keyword spotting. Despite FL's initial success, many important deep learning use cases, such as ranking and recommendation tasks, have been limited from on-device learning. One of the key challenges faced by practical FL adoption for DL-based ranking and recommendation is the prohibitive resource requirements that cannot be satisfied by modern mobile systems. We propose Federated Ensemble Learning (FEL) as a solution to tackle the large memory requirement of deep learning ranking and recommendation tasks. FEL enables large-scale ranking and recommendation model training on-device by simultaneously training multiple model versions on disjoint clusters of client devices. FEL integrates the trained sub-models via an over-arch layer into an ensemble model that is hosted on the server. Our experiments demonstrate that FEL leads to 0.43-2.31% model quality improvement over traditional on-device federated learning - a significant improvement for ranking and recommendation system use cases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Bridging Algorithm and Theory for Unbiased Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03851">arxiv:2206.03851</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Teng Xiao, Zhengyu Chen, Suhang Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work studies the problem of learning unbiased algorithms from biased feedback for recommender systems. We address this problem from both theoretical and algorithmic perspectives. Recent works in unbiased learning have advanced the state-of-the-art with various techniques such as meta-learning, knowledge distillation, and information bottleneck. Despite their empirical successes, most of them lack theoretical guarantee, forming non-negligible gaps between the theories and recent algorithms. To this end, we first view the unbiased recommendation problem from a distribution shift perspective. We theoretically analyze the generalization bounds of unbiased learning and suggest their close relations with recent unbiased learning objectives. Based on the theoretical analysis, we further propose a principled framework, Adversarial Self-Training (AST), for unbiased recommendation. Empirical evaluation on real-world and semi-synthetic datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed AST.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COVIDx CXR-3: A Large-Scale, Open-Source Benchmark Dataset of Chest X-ray Images for Computer-Aided COVID-19 Diagnostics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03671">arxiv:2206.03671</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Maya Pavlova, Tia Tuinstra, Hossein Aboutalebi, Andy Zhao, Hayden Gunraj, Alexander Wong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** After more than two years since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the pressure of this crisis continues to devastate globally. The use of chest X-ray (CXR) imaging as a complementary screening strategy to RT-PCR testing is not only prevailing but has greatly increased due to its routine clinical use for respiratory complaints. Thus far, many visual perception models have been proposed for COVID-19 screening based on CXR imaging. Nevertheless, the accuracy and the generalization capacity of these models are very much dependent on the diversity and the size of the dataset they were trained on. Motivated by this, we introduce COVIDx CXR-3, a large-scale benchmark dataset of CXR images for supporting COVID-19 computer vision research. COVIDx CXR-3 is composed of 30,386 CXR images from a multinational cohort of 17,026 patients from at least 51 countries, making it, to the best of our knowledge, the most extensive, most diverse COVID-19 CXR dataset in open access form. Here, we provide comprehensive details on the various aspects of the proposed dataset including patient demographics, imaging views, and infection types. The hope is that COVIDx CXR-3 can assist scientists in advancing computer vision research against the COVID-19 pandemic.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Solving the Spike Feature Information Vanishing Problem in Spiking Deep Q Network with Potential Based Normalization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03654">arxiv:2206.03654</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yinqian Sun, Yi Zeng, Yang Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Brain inspired spiking neural networks (SNNs) have been successfully applied to many pattern recognition domains. The SNNs based deep structure have achieved considerable results in perceptual tasks, such as image classification, target detection. However, the application of deep SNNs in reinforcement learning (RL) tasks is still a problem to be explored. Although there have been previous studies on the combination of SNNs and RL, most of them focus on robotic control problems with shallow networks or using ANN-SNN conversion method to implement spiking deep Q Network (SDQN). In this work, we mathematically analyzed the problem of the disappearance of spiking signal features in SDQN and proposed a potential based layer normalization(pbLN) method to directly train spiking deep Q networks. Experiment shows that compared with state-of-art ANN-SNN conversion method and other SDQN works, the proposed pbLN spiking deep Q networks (PL-SDQN) achieved better performance on Atari game tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimization of Robot Trajectory Planning with Nature-Inspired and Hybrid Quantum Algorithms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03651">arxiv:2206.03651</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Martin J. A. Schuetz, J. Kyle Brubaker, Henry Montagu, Yannick van Dijk, Johannes Klepsch, Philipp Ross, Andre Luckow, Mauricio G. C. Resende, Helmut G. Katzgraber</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We solve robot trajectory planning problems at industry-relevant scales. Our end-to-end solution integrates highly versatile random-key algorithms with model stacking and ensemble techniques, as well as path relinking for solution refinement. The core optimization module consists of a biased random-key genetic algorithm. Through a distinct separation of problem-independent and problem-dependent modules, we achieve an efficient problem representation, with a native encoding of constraints. We show that generalizations to alternative algorithmic paradigms such as simulated annealing are straightforward. We provide numerical benchmark results for industry-scale data sets. Our approach is found to consistently outperform greedy baseline results. To assess the capabilities of today's quantum hardware, we complement the classical approach with results obtained on quantum annealing hardware, using qbsolv on Amazon Braket. Finally, we show how the latter can be integrated into our larger pipeline, providing a quantum-ready hybrid solution to the problem.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Network Report: A Structured Description for Network Datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03635">arxiv:2206.03635</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xinyi Zheng, Ryan A. Rossi, Nesreen Ahmed, Dominik Moritz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The rapid development of network science and technologies depends on shareable datasets. Currently, there is no standard practice for reporting and sharing network datasets. Some network dataset providers only share links, while others provide some contexts or basic statistics. As a result, critical information may be unintentionally dropped, and network dataset consumers may misunderstand or overlook critical aspects. Inappropriately using a network dataset can lead to severe consequences (e.g., discrimination) especially when machine learning models on networks are deployed in high-stake domains. Challenges arise as networks are often used across different domains (e.g., network science, physics, etc) and have complex structures. To facilitate the communication between network dataset providers and consumers, we propose network report. A network report is a structured description that summarizes and contextualizes a network dataset. Network report extends the idea of dataset reports (e.g., Datasheets for Datasets) from prior work with network-specific descriptions of the non-i.i.d. nature, demographic information, network characteristics, etc. We hope network reports encourage transparency and accountability in network research and development across different fields.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Privacy-Preserving Subgraph-Level Federated Graph Neural Network via Differential Privacy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03492">arxiv:2206.03492</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yeqing Qiu, Chenyu Huang, Jianzong Wang, Zhangcheng Huang, Jing Xiao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Currently, the federated graph neural network (GNN) has attracted a lot of attention due to its wide applications in reality without violating the privacy regulations. Among all the privacy-preserving technologies, the differential privacy (DP) is the most promising one due to its effectiveness and light computational overhead. However, the DP-based federated GNN has not been well investigated, especially in the sub-graph-level setting, such as the scenario of recommendation system. The biggest challenge is how to guarantee the privacy and solve the non independent and identically distributed (non-IID) data in federated GNN simultaneously. In this paper, we propose DP-FedRec, a DP-based federated GNN to fill the gap. Private Set Intersection (PSI) is leveraged to extend the local graph for each client, and thus solve the non-IID problem. Most importantly, DP is applied not only on the weights but also on the edges of the intersection graph from PSI to fully protect the privacy of clients. The evaluation demonstrates DP-FedRec achieves better performance with the graph extension and DP only introduces little computations overhead.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FedRel: An Adaptive Federated Relevance Framework for Spatial Temporal Graph Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03420">arxiv:2206.03420</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tiehua Zhang, Yuze Liu, Zhishu Shen, Rui Xu, Xin Chen, Xiaowei Huang, Xi Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spatial-temporal data contains rich information and has been widely studied in recent years due to the rapid development of relevant applications in many fields. For instance, medical institutions often use electrodes attached to different parts of a patient to analyse the electorencephal data rich with spatial and temporal features for health assessment and disease diagnosis. Existing research has mainly used deep learning techniques such as convolutional neural network (CNN) or recurrent neural network (RNN) to extract hidden spatial-temporal features. Yet, it is challenging to incorporate both inter-dependencies spatial information and dynamic temporal changes simultaneously. In reality, for a model that leverages these spatial-temporal features to fulfil complex prediction tasks, it often requires a colossal amount of training data in order to obtain satisfactory model performance. Considering the above-mentioned challenges, we propose an adaptive federated relevance framework, namely FedRel, for spatial-temporal graph learning in this paper. After transforming the raw spatial-temporal data into high quality features, the core Dynamic Inter-Intra Graph (DIIG) module in the framework is able to use these features to generate the spatial-temporal graphs capable of capturing the hidden topological and long-term temporal correlation information in these graphs. To improve the model generalization ability and performance while preserving the local data privacy, we also design a relevance-driven federated learning module in our framework to leverage diverse data distributions from different participants with attentive aggregations of their models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Group privacy for personalized federated learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03396">arxiv:2206.03396</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Filippo Galli, Sayan Biswas, Kangsoo Jung, Catuscia Palamidessi, Tommaso Cucinotta</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning is a type of collaborative machine learning, where participating clients process their data locally, sharing only updates to the collaborative model. This enables to build privacy-aware distributed machine learning models, among others. The goal is the optimization of a statistical model's parameters by minimizing a cost function of a collection of datasets which are stored locally by a set of clients. This process exposes the clients to two issues: leakage of private information and lack of personalization of the model. On the other hand, with the recent advancements in techniques to analyze data, there is a surge of concern for the privacy violation of the participating clients. To mitigate this, differential privacy and its variants serve as a standard for providing formal privacy guarantees. Often the clients represent very heterogeneous communities and hold data which are very diverse. Therefore, aligned with the recent focus of the FL community to build a framework of personalized models for the users representing their diversity, it is also of utmost importance to protect against potential threats against the sensitive and personal information of the clients. $d$-privacy, which is a generalization of geo-indistinguishability, the lately popularized paradigm of location privacy, uses a metric-based obfuscation technique that preserves the spatial distribution of the original data. To address the issue of protecting the privacy of the clients and allowing for personalized model training to enhance the fairness and utility of the system, we propose a method to provide group privacy guarantees exploiting some key properties of $d$-privacy which enables personalized models under the framework of FL. We provide with theoretical justifications to the applicability and experimental validation on real-world datasets to illustrate the working of the proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computational Doob's $h$-transforms for Online Filtering of Discretely Observed Diffusions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03369">arxiv:2206.03369</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nicolas Chopin, Andras Fulop, Jeremy Heng, Alexandre H. Thiery</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper is concerned with online filtering of discretely observed nonlinear diffusion processes. Our approach is based on the fully adapted auxiliary particle filter, which involves Doob's $h$-transforms that are typically intractable. We propose a computational framework to approximate these $h$-transforms by solving the underlying backward Kolmogorov equations using nonlinear Feynman-Kac formulas and neural networks. The methodology allows one to train a locally optimal particle filter prior to the data-assimilation procedure. Numerical experiments illustrate that the proposed approach can be orders of magnitude more efficient than the bootstrap particle filter in the regime of highly informative observations, when the observations are extreme under the model, and if the state dimension is large.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An efficient semi-supervised quality control system trained using physics-based MRI-artefact generators and adversarial training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03359">arxiv:2206.03359</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Daniele Ravi, Frederik Barkhof, Daniel C. Alexander, Geoffrey JM Parker, Arman Eshaghi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large medical imaging data sets are becoming increasingly available. A common challenge in these data sets is to ensure that each sample meets minimum quality requirements devoid of significant artefacts. Despite a wide range of existing automatic methods having been developed to identify imperfections and artefacts in medical imaging, they mostly rely on data-hungry methods. In particular, the lack of sufficient scans with artefacts available for training has created a barrier in designing and deploying machine learning in clinical research. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel framework having four main components: (1) a set of artefact generators inspired by magnetic resonance physics to corrupt brain MRI scans and augment a training dataset, (2) a set of abstract and engineered features to represent images compactly, (3) a feature selection process that depends on the class of artefact to improve classification performance, and (4) a set of Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifiers trained to identify artefacts. Our novel contributions are threefold: first, we use the novel physics-based artefact generators to generate synthetic brain MRI scans with controlled artefacts as a data augmentation technique. This will avoid the labour-intensive collection and labelling process of scans with rare artefacts. Second, we propose a large pool of abstract and engineered image features developed to identify 9 different artefacts for structural MRI. Finally, we use an artefact-based feature selection block that, for each class of artefacts, finds the set of features that provide the best classification performance. We performed validation experiments on a large data set of scans with artificially-generated artefacts, and in a multiple sclerosis clinical trial where real artefacts were identified by experts, showing that the proposed pipeline outperforms traditional methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptive Regularization for Adversarial Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03353">arxiv:2206.03353</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dongyoon Yang, Insung Kong, Yongdai Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adversarial training, which is to enhance robustness against adversarial attacks, has received much attention because it is easy to generate human-imperceptible perturbations of data to deceive a given deep neural network. In this paper, we propose a new adversarial training algorithm that is theoretically well motivated and empirically superior to other existing algorithms. A novel feature of the proposed algorithm is to use a data-adaptive regularization for robustifying a prediction model. We apply more regularization to data which are more vulnerable to adversarial attacks and vice versa. Even though the idea of data-adaptive regularization is not new, our data-adaptive regularization has a firm theoretical base of reducing an upper bound of the robust risk. Numerical experiments illustrate that our proposed algorithm improves the generalization (accuracy on clean samples) and robustness (accuracy on adversarial attacks) simultaneously to achieve the state-of-the-art performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Concentration bounds for SSP Q-learning for average cost MDPs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03328">arxiv:2206.03328</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shaan Ul Haque, Vivek Borkar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We derive a concentration bound for a Q-learning algorithm for average cost Markov decision processes based on an equivalent shortest path problem, and compare it numerically with the alternative scheme based on relative value iteration.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Subject Membership Inference Attacks in Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03317">arxiv:2206.03317</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anshuman Suri, Pallika Kanani, Virendra J. Marathe, Daniel W. Peterson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Privacy in Federated Learning (FL) is studied at two different granularities: item-level, which protects individual data points, and user-level, which protects each user (participant) in the federation. Nearly all of the private FL literature is dedicated to studying privacy attacks and defenses at these two granularities. Recently, subject-level privacy has emerged as an alternative privacy granularity to protect the privacy of individuals (data subjects) whose data is spread across multiple (organizational) users in cross-silo FL settings. An adversary might be interested in recovering private information about these individuals (a.k.a. \emph{data subjects}) by attacking the trained model. A systematic study of these patterns requires complete control over the federation, which is impossible with real-world datasets. We design a simulator for generating various synthetic federation configurations, enabling us to study how properties of the data, model design and training, and the federation itself impact subject privacy risk. We propose three attacks for \emph{subject membership inference} and examine the interplay between all factors within a federation that affect the attacks' efficacy. We also investigate the effectiveness of Differential Privacy in mitigating this threat. Our takeaways generalize to real-world datasets like FEMNIST, giving credence to our findings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Inferring Unfairness and Error from Population Statistics in Binary and Multiclass Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03234">arxiv:2206.03234</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sivan Sabato, Eran Treister, Elad Yom-Tov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose methods for making inferences on the fairness and accuracy of a given classifier, using only aggregate population statistics. This is necessary when it is impossible to obtain individual classification data, for instance when there is no access to the classifier or to a representative individual-level validation set. We study fairness with respect to the equalized odds criterion, which we generalize to multiclass classification. We propose a measure of unfairness with respect to this criterion, which quantifies the fraction of the population that is treated unfairly. We then show how inferences on the unfairness and error of a given classifier can be obtained using only aggregate label statistics such as the rate of prediction of each label in each sub-population, as well as the true rate of each label. We derive inference procedures for binary classifiers and for multiclass classifiers, for the case where confusion matrices in each sub-population are known, and for the significantly more challenging case where they are unknown. We report experiments on data sets representing diverse applications, which demonstrate the effectiveness and the wide range of possible uses of the proposed methodology.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Variational Meta Reinforcement Learning for Social Robotics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03211">arxiv:2206.03211</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anand Ballou, Chris Reinke, Xavier Alameda-Pineda</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the increasing presence of robots in our every-day environments, improving their social skills is of utmost importance. Nonetheless, social robotics still faces many challenges. One bottleneck is that robotic behaviors need to be often adapted as social norms depend strongly on the environment. For example, a robot should navigate more carefully around patients in a hospital compared to workers in an office. In this work, we investigate meta-reinforcement learning (meta-RL) as a potential solution. Here, robot behaviors are learned via reinforcement learning where a reward function needs to be chosen so that the robot learns an appropriate behavior for a given environment. We propose to use a variational meta-RL procedure that quickly adapts the robots' behavior to new reward functions. As a result, given a new environment different reward functions can be quickly evaluated and an appropriate one selected. The procedure learns a vectorized representation for reward functions and a meta-policy that can be conditioned on such a representation. Given observations from a new reward function, the procedure identifies its representation and conditions the meta-policy to it. While investigating the procedures' capabilities, we realized that it suffers from posterior collapse where only a subset of the dimensions in the representation encode useful information resulting in a reduced performance. Our second contribution, a radial basis function (RBF) layer, partially mitigates this negative effect. The RBF layer lifts the representation to a higher dimensional space, which is more easily exploitable for the meta-policy. We demonstrate the interest of the RBF layer and the usage of meta-RL for social robotics on four robotic simulation tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Neural Patchworks: Coping with Large Segmentation Tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03210">arxiv:2206.03210</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Marco Reisert, Maximilian Russe, Samer Elsheikh, Elias Kellner, Henrik Skibbe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional neural networks are the way to solve arbitrary image segmentation tasks. However, when images are large, memory demands often exceed the available resources, in particular on a common GPU. Especially in biomedical imaging, where 3D images are common, the problems are apparent. A typical approach to solve this limitation is to break the task into smaller subtasks by dividing images into smaller image patches. Another approach, if applicable, is to look at the 2D image sections separately, and to solve the problem in 2D. Often, the loss of global context makes such approaches less effective; important global information might not be present in the current image patch, or the selected 2D image section. Here, we propose Deep Neural Patchworks (DNP), a segmentation framework that is based on hierarchical and nested stacking of patch-based networks that solves the dilemma between global context and memory limitations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Omnivision forecasting: combining satellite observations with sky images for improved intra-hour solar energy predictions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03207">arxiv:2206.03207</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Quentin Paletta, Guillaume Arbod, Joan Lasenby</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Integration of intermittent renewable energy sources into electric grids in large proportions is challenging. A well-established approach aimed at addressing this difficulty involves the anticipation of the upcoming energy supply variability to adapt the response of the grid. In solar energy, short-term changes in electricity production caused by occluding clouds can be predicted at different time scales from all-sky cameras (up to 30-min ahead) and satellite observations (up to 6h ahead). In this study, we integrate these two complementary points of view on the cloud cover in a single machine learning framework to improve intra-hour (up to 60-min ahead) irradiance forecasting. Both deterministic and probabilistic predictions are evaluated in different weather conditions (clear-sky, cloudy, overcast) and with different input configurations (sky images, satellite observations and/or past irradiance values). Our results show that the hybrid model benefits predictions in clear-sky conditions and improves longer-term forecasting. This study lays the groundwork for future novel approaches of combining sky images and satellite observations in a single learning framework to advance solar nowcasting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalized Data Distribution Iteration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03192">arxiv:2206.03192</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiajun Fan, Changnan Xiao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To obtain higher sample efficiency and superior final performance simultaneously has been one of the major challenges for deep reinforcement learning (DRL). Previous work could handle one of these challenges but typically failed to address them concurrently. In this paper, we try to tackle these two challenges simultaneously. To achieve this, we firstly decouple these challenges into two classic RL problems: data richness and exploration-exploitation trade-off. Then, we cast these two problems into the training data distribution optimization problem, namely to obtain desired training data within limited interactions, and address them concurrently via i) explicit modeling and control of the capacity and diversity of behavior policy and ii) more fine-grained and adaptive control of selective/sampling distribution of the behavior policy using a monotonic data distribution optimization. Finally, we integrate this process into Generalized Policy Iteration (GPI) and obtain a more general framework called Generalized Data Distribution Iteration (GDI). We use the GDI framework to introduce operator-based versions of well-known RL methods from DQN to Agent57. Theoretical guarantee of the superiority of GDI compared with GPI is concluded. We also demonstrate our state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance on Arcade Learning Environment (ALE), wherein our algorithm has achieved 9620.33% mean human normalized score (HNS), 1146.39% median HNS and surpassed 22 human world records using only 200M training frames. Our performance is comparable to Agent57's while we consume 500 times less data. We argue that there is still a long way to go before obtaining real superhuman agents in ALE.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A new Hyper-heuristic based on Adaptive Simulated Annealing and Reinforcement Learning for the Capacitated Electric Vehicle Routing Problem</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03185">arxiv:2206.03185</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Erick Rodríguez-Esparza, Antonio D Masegosa, Diego Oliva, Enrique Onieva</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Electric vehicles (EVs) have been adopted in urban areas to reduce environmental pollution and global warming as a result of the increasing number of freight vehicles. However, there are still deficiencies in routing the trajectories of last-mile logistics that continue to impact social and economic sustainability. For that reason, in this paper, a hyper-heuristic (HH) approach called Hyper-heuristic Adaptive Simulated Annealing with Reinforcement Learning (HHASA$_{RL}$) is proposed. It is composed of a multi-armed bandit method and the self-adaptive Simulated Annealing (SA) metaheuristic algorithm for solving the problem called Capacitated Electric Vehicle Routing Problem (CEVRP). Due to the limited number of charging stations and the travel range of EVs, the EVs must require battery recharging moments in advance and reduce travel times and costs. The HH implemented improves multiple minimum best-known solutions and obtains the best mean values for some high-dimensional instances for the proposed benchmark for the IEEE WCCI2020 competition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Group Meritocratic Fairness in Linear Contextual Bandits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03150">arxiv:2206.03150</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Riccardo Grazzi, Arya Akhavan, John Isak Texas Falk, Leonardo Cella, Massimiliano Pontil</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the linear contextual bandit problem where an agent has to select one candidate from a pool and each candidate belongs to a sensitive group. In this setting, candidates' rewards may not be directly comparable between groups, for example when the agent is an employer hiring candidates from different ethnic groups and some groups have a lower reward due to discriminatory bias and/or social injustice. We propose a notion of fairness that states that the agent's policy is fair when it selects a candidate with highest relative rank, which measures how good the reward is when compared to candidates from the same group. This is a very strong notion of fairness, since the relative rank is not directly observed by the agent and depends on the underlying reward model and on the distribution of rewards. Thus we study the problem of learning a policy which approximates a fair policy under the condition that the contexts are independent between groups and the distribution of rewards of each group is absolutely continuous. In particular, we design a greedy policy which at each round constructs a ridge regression estimator from the observed context-reward pairs, and then computes an estimate of the relative rank of each candidate using the empirical cumulative distribution function. We prove that the greedy policy achieves, after $T$ rounds, up to log factors and with high probability, a fair pseudo-regret of order $\sqrt{dT}$, where $d$ is the dimension of the context vectors. The policy also satisfies demographic parity at each round when averaged over all possible information available before the selection. We finally show with a proof of concept simulation that our policy achieves sub-linear fair pseudo-regret also in practice.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CitySpec: An Intelligent Assistant System for Requirement Specification in Smart Cities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03132">arxiv:2206.03132</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zirong Chen, Isaac Li, Haoxiang Zhang, Sarah Preum, John A. Stankovic, Meiyi Ma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** An increasing number of monitoring systems have been developed in smart cities to ensure that real-time operations of a city satisfy safety and performance requirements. However, many existing city requirements are written in English with missing, inaccurate, or ambiguous information. There is a high demand for assisting city policy makers in converting human-specified requirements to machine-understandable formal specifications for monitoring systems. To tackle this limitation, we build CitySpec, the first intelligent assistant system for requirement specification in smart cities. To create CitySpec, we first collect over 1,500 real-world city requirements across different domains from over 100 cities and extract city-specific knowledge to generate a dataset of city vocabulary with 3,061 words. We also build a translation model and enhance it through requirement synthesis and develop a novel online learning framework with validation under uncertainty. The evaluation results on real-world city requirements show that CitySpec increases the sentence-level accuracy of requirement specification from 59.02% to 86.64%, and has strong adaptability to a new city and a new domain (e.g., F1 score for requirements in Seattle increases from 77.6% to 93.75% with online learning).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pushing the Limits of Learning-based Traversability Analysis for Autonomous Driving on CPU</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03083">arxiv:2206.03083</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Daniel Fusaro, Emilio Olivastri, Daniele Evangelista, Marco Imperoli, Emanuele Menegatti, Alberto Pretto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-driving vehicles and autonomous ground robots require a reliable and accurate method to analyze the traversability of the surrounding environment for safe navigation. This paper proposes and evaluates a real-time machine learning-based Traversability Analysis method that combines geometric features with appearance-based features in a hybrid approach based on a SVM classifier. In particular, we show that integrating a new set of geometric and visual features and focusing on important implementation details enables a noticeable boost in performance and reliability. The proposed approach has been compared with state-of-the-art Deep Learning approaches on a public dataset of outdoor driving scenarios. It reaches an accuracy of 89.2% in scenarios of varying complexity, demonstrating its effectiveness and robustness. The method runs fully on CPU and reaches comparable results with respect to the other methods, operates faster, and requires fewer hardware resources.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SubStrat: A Subset-Based Strategy for Faster AutoML</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03070">arxiv:2206.03070</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Teddy Lazebnik, Amit Somech, Abraham Itzhak Weinberg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automated machine learning (AutoML) frameworks have become important tools in the data scientists' arsenal, as they dramatically reduce the manual work devoted to the construction of ML pipelines. Such frameworks intelligently search among millions of possible ML pipelines - typically containing feature engineering, model selection and hyper parameters tuning steps - and finally output an optimal pipeline in terms of predictive accuracy. However, when the dataset is large, each individual configuration takes longer to execute, therefore the overall AutoML running times become increasingly high. To this end, we present SubStrat, an AutoML optimization strategy that tackles the data size, rather than configuration space. It wraps existing AutoML tools, and instead of executing them directly on the entire dataset, SubStrat uses a genetic-based algorithm to find a small yet representative data subset which preserves a particular characteristic of the full data. It then employs the AutoML tool on the small subset, and finally, it refines the resulted pipeline by executing a restricted, much shorter, AutoML process on the large dataset. Our experimental results, performed on two popular AutoML frameworks, Auto-Sklearn and TPOT, show that SubStrat reduces their running times by 79% (on average), with less than 2% average loss in the accuracy of the resulted ML pipeline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CAISAR: A platform for Characterizing Artificial Intelligence Safety and Robustness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03044">arxiv:2206.03044</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Michele Alberti, François Bobot, Zakaria Chihani, Julien Girard-Satabin, Augustin Lemesle</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present CAISAR, an open-source platform under active development for the characterization of AI systems' robustness and safety. CAISAR provides a unified entry point for defining verification problems by using WhyML, the mature and expressive language of the Why3 verification platform. Moreover, CAISAR orchestrates and composes state-of-the-art machine learning verification tools which, individually, are not able to efficiently handle all problems but, collectively, can cover a growing number of properties. Our aim is to assist, on the one hand, the V\&V process by reducing the burden of choosing the methodology tailored to a given verification problem, and on the other hand the tools developers by factorizing useful features-visualization, report generation, property description-in one platform. CAISAR will soon be available at https://git.frama-c.com/pub/caisar.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Symbolic Operators: A Neurosymbolic Solution for Autonomous Disassembly of Electric Vehicle Battery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03027">arxiv:2206.03027</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yidong Du, Wenshuo Wang, Zhigang Wang, Hua Yang, Haitao Wang, Yinghao Cai, Ming Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The booming of electric vehicles demands efficient battery disassembly for recycling to be environment-friendly. Currently, battery disassembly is still primarily done by humans, probably assisted by robots, due to the unstructured environment and high uncertainties. It is highly desirable to design autonomous solutions to improve work efficiency and lower human risks in high voltage and toxic environments. This paper proposes a novel neurosymbolic method, which augments the traditional Variational Autoencoder (VAE) model to learn symbolic operators based on raw sensory inputs and their relationships. The symbolic operators include a probabilistic state symbol grounding model and a state transition matrix for predicting states after each execution to enable autonomous task and motion planning. At last, the method's feasibility is verified through test results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Development of Automatic Endotracheal Tube and Carina Detection on Portable Supine Chest Radiographs using Artificial Intelligence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03017">arxiv:2206.03017</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chi-Yeh Chen, Min-Hsin Huang, Yung-Nien Sun, Chao-Han Lai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The image quality of portable supine chest radiographs is inherently poor due to low contrast and high noise. The endotracheal intubation detection requires the locations of the endotracheal tube (ETT) tip and carina. The goal is to find the distance between the ETT tip and the carina in chest radiography. To overcome such a problem, we propose a feature extraction method with Mask R-CNN. The Mask R-CNN predicts a tube and a tracheal bifurcation in an image. Then, the feature extraction method is used to find the feature point of the ETT tip and that of the carina. Therefore, the ETT-carina distance can be obtained. In our experiments, our results can exceed 96\% in terms of recall and precision. Moreover, the object error is less than $4.7751\pm 5.3420$ mm, and the ETT-carina distance errors are less than $5.5432\pm 6.3100$ mm. The external validation shows that the proposed method is a high-robustness system. According to the Pearson correlation coefficient, we have a strong correlation between the board-certified intensivists and our result in terms of ETT-carina distance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TriBYOL: Triplet BYOL for Self-Supervised Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03012">arxiv:2206.03012</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Guang Li, Ren Togo, Takahiro Ogawa, Miki Haseyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes a novel self-supervised learning method for learning better representations with small batch sizes. Many self-supervised learning methods based on certain forms of the siamese network have emerged and received significant attention. However, these methods need to use large batch sizes to learn good representations and require heavy computational resources. We present a new triplet network combined with a triple-view loss to improve the performance of self-supervised representation learning with small batch sizes. Experimental results show that our method can drastically outperform state-of-the-art self-supervised learning methods on several datasets in small-batch cases. Our method provides a feasible solution for self-supervised learning with real-world high-resolution images that uses small batch sizes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detecting Anomalous Cryptocurrency Transactions: an AML/CFT Application of Machine Learning-based Forensics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.04803">arxiv:2206.04803</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nadia Pocher, Mirko Zichichi, Fabio Merizzi, Muhammad Zohaib Shafiq, Stefano Ferretti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The rise of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies (DLTs) in the financial sector has generated a socio-economic shift that triggered legal concerns and regulatory initiatives. While the anonymity of DLTs may safeguard the right to privacy, data protection and other civil liberties, lack of identification hinders accountability, investigation and enforcement. The resulting challenges extend to the rules to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorism and proliferation (AML/CFT). As law enforcement agencies and analytics companies have begun to successfully apply forensics to track currency across blockchain ecosystems, in this paper we focus on the increasing relevance of these techniques. In particular, we offer insights into the application to the Internet of Money (IoM) of machine learning, network and transaction graph analysis. After providing some background on the notion of anonymity in the IoM and on the interplay between AML/CFT and blockchain forensics, we focus on anomaly detection approaches leading to our experiments. Namely, we analyzed a real-world dataset of Bitcoin transactions represented as a directed graph network through various machine learning techniques. Our claim is that the AML/CFT domain could benefit from novel graph analysis methods in machine learning. Indeed, our findings show that the Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN) and Graph Attention Networks (GAT) neural network types represent a promising solution for AML/CFT compliance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Code-DKT: A Code-based Knowledge Tracing Model for Programming Tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03545">arxiv:2206.03545</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yang Shi, Min Chi, Tiffany Barnes, Thomas Price</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge tracing (KT) models are a popular approach for predicting students' future performance at practice problems using their prior attempts. Though many innovations have been made in KT, most models including the state-of-the-art Deep KT (DKT) mainly leverage each student's response either as correct or incorrect, ignoring its content. In this work, we propose Code-based Deep Knowledge Tracing (Code-DKT), a model that uses an attention mechanism to automatically extract and select domain-specific code features to extend DKT. We compared the effectiveness of Code-DKT against Bayesian and Deep Knowledge Tracing (BKT and DKT) on a dataset from a class of 50 students attempting to solve 5 introductory programming assignments. Our results show that Code-DKT consistently outperforms DKT by 3.07-4.00% AUC across the 5 assignments, a comparable improvement to other state-of-the-art domain-general KT models over DKT. Finally, we analyze problem-specific performance through a set of case studies for one assignment to demonstrate when and how code features improve Code-DKT's predictions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Short Blocklength Wiretap Channel Codes via Deep Learning: Design and Performance Evaluation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03477">arxiv:2206.03477</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Vidhi Rana, Remi A. Chou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We design short blocklength codes for the Gaussian wiretap channel under information-theoretic security guarantees. Our approach consists in decoupling the reliability and secrecy constraints in our code design. Specifically, we handle the reliability constraint via an autoencoder, and handle the secrecy constraint with hash functions. For blocklengths smaller than or equal to 16, we evaluate through simulations the probability of error at the legitimate receiver and the leakage at the eavesdropper for our code construction. This leakage is defined as the mutual information between the confidential message and the eavesdropper's channel observations, and is empirically measured via a neural network-based mutual information estimator. Our simulation results provide examples of codes with positive secrecy rates that outperform the best known achievable secrecy rates obtained non-constructively for the Gaussian wiretap channel. Additionally, we show that our code design is suitable for the compound and arbitrarily varying Gaussian wiretap channels, for which the channel statistics are not perfectly known but only known to belong to a pre-specified uncertainty set. These models not only capture uncertainty related to channel statistics estimation, but also scenarios where the eavesdropper jams the legitimate transmission or influences its own channel statistics by changing its location.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring the combination of deep-learning based direct segmentation and deformable image registration for cone-beam CT based auto-segmentation for adaptive radiotherapy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03413">arxiv:2206.03413</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Xiao Liang, Howard Morgan, Ti Bai, Michael Dohopolski, Dan Nguyen, Steve Jiang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** CBCT-based online adaptive radiotherapy (ART) calls for accurate auto-segmentation models to reduce the time cost for physicians to edit contours, since the patient is immobilized on the treatment table waiting for treatment to start. However, auto-segmentation of CBCT images is a difficult task, majorly due to low image quality and lack of true labels for training a deep learning (DL) model. Meanwhile CBCT auto-segmentation in ART is a unique task compared to other segmentation problems, where manual contours on planning CT (pCT) are available. To make use of this prior knowledge, we propose to combine deformable image registration (DIR) and direct segmentation (DS) on CBCT for head and neck patients. First, we use deformed pCT contours derived from multiple DIR methods between pCT and CBCT as pseudo labels for training. Second, we use deformed pCT contours as bounding box to constrain the region of interest for DS. Meanwhile deformed pCT contours are used as pseudo labels for training, but are generated from different DIR algorithms from bounding box. Third, we fine-tune the model with bounding box on true labels. We found that DS on CBCT trained with pseudo labels and without utilizing any prior knowledge has very poor segmentation performance compared to DIR-only segmentation. However, adding deformed pCT contours as bounding box in the DS network can dramatically improve segmentation performance, comparable to DIR-only segmentation. The DS model with bounding box can be further improved by fine-tuning it with some real labels. Experiments showed that 7 out of 19 structures have at least 0.2 dice similarity coefficient increase compared to DIR-only segmentation. Utilizing deformed pCT contours as pseudo labels for training and as bounding box for shape and location feature extraction in a DS model is a good way to combine DIR and DS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MIX-MAB: Reinforcement Learning-based Resource Allocation Algorithm for LoRaWAN</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03401">arxiv:2206.03401</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Farzad Azizi, Benyamin Teymuri, Rojin Aslani, Mehdi Rasti, Jesse Tolvanen, Pedro H. J. Nardelli</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper focuses on improving the resource allocation algorithm in terms of packet delivery ratio (PDR), i.e., the number of successfully received packets sent by end devices (EDs) in a long-range wide-area network (LoRaWAN). Setting the transmission parameters significantly affects the PDR. Employing reinforcement learning (RL), we propose a resource allocation algorithm that enables the EDs to configure their transmission parameters in a distributed manner. We model the resource allocation problem as a multi-armed bandit (MAB) and then address it by proposing a two-phase algorithm named MIX-MAB, which consists of the exponential weights for exploration and exploitation (EXP3) and successive elimination (SE) algorithms. We evaluate the MIX-MAB performance through simulation results and compare it with other existing approaches. Numerical results show that the proposed solution performs better than the existing schemes in terms of convergence time and PDR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data Stealing Attack on Medical Images: Is it Safe to Export Networks from Data Lakes?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03391">arxiv:2206.03391</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Huiyu Li, Nicholas Ayache, Hervé Delingette</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In privacy-preserving machine learning, it is common that the owner of the learned model does not have any physical access to the data. Instead, only a secured remote access to a data lake is granted to the model owner without any ability to retrieve data from the data lake. Yet, the model owner may want to export the trained model periodically from the remote repository and a question arises whether this may cause is a risk of data leakage. In this paper, we introduce the concept of data stealing attack during the export of neural networks. It consists in hiding some information in the exported network that allows the reconstruction outside the data lake of images initially stored in that data lake. More precisely, we show that it is possible to train a network that can perform lossy image compression and at the same time solve some utility tasks such as image segmentation. The attack then proceeds by exporting the compression decoder network together with some image codes that leads to the image reconstruction outside the data lake. We explore the feasibility of such attacks on databases of CT and MR images, showing that it is possible to obtain perceptually meaningful reconstructions of the target dataset, and that the stolen dataset can be used in turns to solve a broad range of tasks. Comprehensive experiments and analyses show that data stealing attacks should be considered as a threat for sensitive imaging data sources.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Explainable Social Agent Authoring tools: A case study on FAtiMA-Toolkit</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03360">arxiv:2206.03360</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Manuel Guimarães, Joana Campos, Pedro A. Santos, João Dias, Rui Prada</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The deployment of Socially Intelligent Agents (SIAs) in learning environments has proven to have several advantages in different areas of application. Social Agent Authoring Tools allow scenario designers to create tailored experiences with high control over SIAs behaviour, however, on the flip side, this comes at a cost as the complexity of the scenarios and its authoring can become overbearing. In this paper we introduce the concept of Explainable Social Agent Authoring Tools with the goal of analysing if authoring tools for social agents are understandable and interpretable. To this end we examine whether an authoring tool, FAtiMA-Toolkit, is understandable and its authoring steps interpretable, from the point-of-view of the author. We conducted two user studies to quantitatively assess the Interpretability, Comprehensibility and Transparency of FAtiMA-Toolkit from the perspective of a scenario designer. One of the key findings is the fact that FAtiMA-Toolkit's conceptual model is, in general, understandable, however the emotional-based concepts were not as easily understood and used by the authors. Although there are some positive aspects regarding the explainability of FAtiMA-Toolkit, there is still progress to be made to achieve a fully explainable social agent authoring tool. We provide a set of key concepts and possible solutions that can guide developers to build such tools.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Network Decoders for Permutation Codes Correcting Different Errors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03315">arxiv:2206.03315</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yeow Meng Chee, Hui Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Permutation codes were extensively studied in order to correct different types of errors for the applications on power line communication and rank modulation for flash memory. In this paper, we introduce the neural network decoders for permutation codes to correct these errors with one-shot decoding, which treat the decoding as $n$ classification tasks for non-binary symbols for a code of length $n$. These are actually the first general decoders introduced to deal with any error type for these two applications. The performance of the decoders is evaluated by simulations with different error models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Joint Manifold Learning and Density Estimation Using Normalizing Flows</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03293">arxiv:2206.03293</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Seyedeh Fatemeh Razavi, Mohammad Mahdi Mehmanchi, Reshad Hosseini, Mostafa Tavassolipour</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Based on the manifold hypothesis, real-world data often lie on a low-dimensional manifold, while normalizing flows as a likelihood-based generative model are incapable of finding this manifold due to their structural constraints. So, one interesting question arises: $\textit{"Can we find sub-manifold(s) of data in normalizing flows and estimate the density of the data on the sub-manifold(s)?"}$. In this paper, we introduce two approaches, namely per-pixel penalized log-likelihood and hierarchical training, to answer the mentioned question. We propose a single-step method for joint manifold learning and density estimation by disentangling the transformed space obtained by normalizing flows to manifold and off-manifold parts. This is done by a per-pixel penalized likelihood function for learning a sub-manifold of the data. Normalizing flows assume the transformed data is Gaussianizationed, but this imposed assumption is not necessarily true, especially in high dimensions. To tackle this problem, a hierarchical training approach is employed to improve the density estimation on the sub-manifold. The results validate the superiority of the proposed methods in simultaneous manifold learning and density estimation using normalizing flows in terms of generated image quality and likelihood.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Marvolo: Programmatic Data Augmentation for Practical ML-Driven Malware Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03265">arxiv:2206.03265</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Michael D. Wong, Edward Raff, James Holt, Ravi Netravali</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data augmentation has been rare in the cyber security domain due to technical difficulties in altering data in a manner that is semantically consistent with the original data. This shortfall is particularly onerous given the unique difficulty of acquiring benign and malicious training data that runs into copyright restrictions, and that institutions like banks and governments receive targeted malware that will never exist in large quantities. We present MARVOLO, a binary mutator that programmatically grows malware (and benign) datasets in a manner that boosts the accuracy of ML-driven malware detectors. MARVOLO employs semantics-preserving code transformations that mimic the alterations that malware authors and defensive benign developers routinely make in practice , allowing us to generate meaningful augmented data. Crucially, semantics-preserving transformations also enable MARVOLO to safely propagate labels from original to newly-generated data samples without mandating expensive reverse engineering of binaries. Further, MARVOLO embeds several key optimizations that keep costs low for practitioners by maximizing the density of diverse data samples generated within a given time (or resource) budget. Experiments using wide-ranging commercial malware datasets and a recent ML-driven malware detector show that MARVOLO boosts accuracies by up to 5%, while operating on only a small fraction (15%) of the potential input binaries.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards better Interpretable and Generalizable AD detection using Collective Artificial Intelligence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03247">arxiv:2206.03247</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Huy-Dung Nguyen, Michaël Clément, Boris Mansencal, Pierrick Coupé</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate diagnosis and prognosis of Alzheimer's disease are crucial for developing new therapies and reducing the associated costs. Recently, with the advances of convolutional neural networks, deep learning methods have been proposed to automate these two tasks using structural MRI. However, these methods often suffer from a lack of interpretability and generalization and have limited prognosis performance. In this paper, we propose a novel deep framework designed to overcome these limitations. Our pipeline consists of two stages. In the first stage, 125 3D U-Nets are used to estimate voxelwise grade scores over the whole brain. The resulting 3D maps are then fused to construct an interpretable 3D grading map indicating the disease severity at the structure level. As a consequence, clinicians can use this map to detect the brain structures affected by the disease. In the second stage, the grading map and subject's age are used to perform classification with a graph convolutional neural network. Experimental results based on 2106 subjects demonstrated competitive performance of our deep framework compared to state-of-the-art methods on different datasets for both AD diagnosis and prognosis. Moreover, we found that using a large number of U-Nets processing different overlapping brain areas improved the generalization capacity of the proposed methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TSFEDL: A Python Library for Time Series Spatio-Temporal Feature Extraction and Prediction using Deep Learning (with Appendices on Detailed Network Architectures and Experimental Cases of Study)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03179">arxiv:2206.03179</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ignacio Aguilera-Martos, Ángel M. García-Vico, Julián Luengo, Sergio Damas, Francisco J. Melero, José Javier Valle-Alonso, Francisco Herrera</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The combination of convolutional and recurrent neural networks is a promising framework that allows the extraction of high-quality spatio-temporal features together with its temporal dependencies, which is key for time series prediction problems such as forecasting, classification or anomaly detection, amongst others. In this paper, the TSFEDL library is introduced. It compiles 20 state-of-the-art methods for both time series feature extraction and prediction, employing convolutional and recurrent deep neural networks for its use in several data mining tasks. The library is built upon a set of Tensorflow+Keras and PyTorch modules under the AGPLv3 license. The performance validation of the architectures included in this proposal confirms the usefulness of this Python package.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Empirical Study of IoT Security Aspects at Sentence-Level in Developer Textual Discussions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03079">arxiv:2206.03079</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nibir Chandra Mandal, Gias Uddin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** IoT is a rapidly emerging paradigm that now encompasses almost every aspect of our modern life. As such, ensuring the security of IoT devices is crucial. IoT devices can differ from traditional computing, thereby the design and implementation of proper security measures can be challenging in IoT devices. We observed that IoT developers discuss their security-related challenges in developer forums like Stack Overflow(SO). However, we find that IoT security discussions can also be buried inside non-security discussions in SO. In this paper, we aim to understand the challenges IoT developers face while applying security practices and techniques to IoT devices. We have two goals: (1) Develop a model that can automatically find security-related IoT discussions in SO, and (2) Study the model output to learn about IoT developer security-related challenges. First, we download 53K posts from SO that contain discussions about IoT. Second, we manually labeled 5,919 sentences from 53K posts as 1 or 0. Third, we use this benchmark to investigate a suite of deep learning transformer models. The best performing model is called SecBot. Fourth, we apply SecBot on the entire posts and find around 30K security related sentences. Fifth, we apply topic modeling to the security-related sentences. Then we label and categorize the topics. Sixth, we analyze the evolution of the topics in SO. We found that (1) SecBot is based on the retraining of the deep learning model RoBERTa. SecBot offers the best F1-Score of 0.935, (2) there are six error categories in misclassified samples by SecBot. SecBot was mostly wrong when the keywords/contexts were ambiguous (e.g., gateway can be a security gateway or a simple gateway), (3) there are 9 security topics grouped into three categories: Software, Hardware, and Network, and (4) the highest number of topics belongs to software security, followed by network security.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Patch-based image Super Resolution using generalized Gaussian mixture model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03069">arxiv:2206.03069</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Dang-Phuong-Lan Nguyen, Jean-François Aujol, Yannick Berthoumieu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Single Image Super Resolution (SISR) methods aim to recover the clean images in high resolution from low resolution observations.A family of patch-based approaches have received considerable attention and development. The minimum mean square error (MMSE) methodis a powerful image restoration method that uses a probability model on the patches of images. This paper proposes an algorithm to learn a jointgeneralized Gaussian mixture model (GGMM) from a pair of the low resolution patches and the corresponding high resolution patches fromthe reference data. We then reconstruct the high resolution image based on the MMSE method. Our numerical evaluations indicate that theMMSE-GGMM method competes with other state of the art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COVIDx CT-3: A Large-scale, Multinational, Open-Source Benchmark Dataset for Computer-aided COVID-19 Screening from Chest CT Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03043">arxiv:2206.03043</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tia Tuinstra, Hayden Gunraj, Alexander Wong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Computed tomography (CT) has been widely explored as a COVID-19 screening and assessment tool to complement RT-PCR testing. To assist radiologists with CT-based COVID-19 screening, a number of computer-aided systems have been proposed; however, many proposed systems are built using CT data which is limited in both quantity and diversity. Motivated to support efforts in the development of machine learning-driven screening systems, we introduce COVIDx CT-3, a large-scale multinational benchmark dataset for detection of COVID-19 cases from chest CT images. COVIDx CT-3 includes 431,205 CT slices from 6,068 patients across at least 17 countries, which to the best of our knowledge represents the largest, most diverse dataset of COVID-19 CT images in open-access form. Additionally, we examine the data diversity and potential biases of the COVIDx CT-3 dataset, finding that significant geographic and class imbalances remain despite efforts to curate data from a wide variety of sources.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Survival Bandit Problem</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03019">arxiv:2206.03019</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Charles Riou, Junya Honda, Masashi Sugiyama</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the survival bandit problem, a variant of the multi-armed bandit problem introduced in an open problem by Perotto et al. (2019), with a constraint on the cumulative reward; at each time step, the agent receives a (possibly negative) reward and if the cumulative reward becomes lower than a prespecified threshold, the procedure stops, and this phenomenon is called ruin. This is the first paper studying a framework where the ruin might occur but not always. We first discuss that a sublinear regret is unachievable under a naive definition of the regret. Next, we provide tight lower bounds on the probability of ruin (as well as matching policies). Based on this lower bound, we define the survival regret as an objective to minimize and provide a policy achieving a sublinear survival regret (at least in the case of integral rewards) when the time horizon $T$ is known.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards a General Purpose CNN for Long Range Dependencies in $\mathrm{N}$D</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03398">arxiv:2206.03398</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>David W. Romero, David M. Knigge, Albert Gu, Erik J. Bekkers, Efstratios Gavves, Jakub M. Tomczak, Mark Hoogendoorn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) is widespread in Deep Learning due to a range of desirable model properties which result in an efficient and effective machine learning framework. However, performant CNN architectures must be tailored to specific tasks in order to incorporate considerations such as the input length, resolution, and dimentionality. In this work, we overcome the need for problem-specific CNN architectures with our Continuous Convolutional Neural Network (CCNN): a single CNN architecture equipped with continuous convolutional kernels that can be used for tasks on data of arbitrary resolution, dimensionality and length without structural changes. Continuous convolutional kernels model long range dependencies at every layer, and remove the need for downsampling layers and task-dependent depths needed in current CNN architectures. We show the generality of our approach by applying the same CCNN to a wide set of tasks on sequential (1$\mathrm{D}$) and visual data (2$\mathrm{D}$). Our CCNN performs competitively and often outperforms the current state-of-the-art across all tasks considered.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Outer Bi-Lipschitz Extensions of Linear Johnson-Lindenstrauss Embeddings of Low-Dimensional Submanifolds of $\mathbb{R}^N$</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03376">arxiv:2206.03376</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Mark A. Iwen, Mark Philip Roach</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Let $\mathcal{M}$ be a compact $d$-dimensional submanifold of $\mathbb{R}^N$ with reach $τ$ and volume $V_{\mathcal M}$. Fix $ε\in (0,1)$. In this paper we prove that a nonlinear function $f: \mathbb{R}^N \rightarrow \mathbb{R}^{m}$ exists with $m \leq C \left(d / ε^2 \right) \log \left(\frac{\sqrt[d]{V_{\mathcal M}}}τ \right)$ such that $$(1 - ε) \| {\bf x} - {\bf y} \|_2 \leq \left\| f({\bf x}) - f({\bf y}) \right\|_2 \leq (1 + ε) \| {\bf x} - {\bf y} \|_2$$ holds for all ${\bf x} \in \mathcal{M}$ and ${\bf y} \in \mathbb{R}^N$. In effect, $f$ not only serves as a bi-Lipschitz function from $\mathcal{M}$ into $\mathbb{R}^{m}$ with bi-Lipschitz constants close to one, but also approximately preserves all distances from points not in $\mathcal{M}$ to all points in $\mathcal{M}$ in its image. Furthermore, the proof is constructive and yields an algorithm which works well in practice. In particular, it is empirically demonstrated herein that such nonlinear functions allow for more accurate compressive nearest neighbor classification than standard linear Johnson-Lindenstrauss embeddings do in practice.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Preconditioned Gradient Descent for Overparameterized Nonconvex Burer--Monteiro Factorization with Global Optimality Certification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03345">arxiv:2206.03345</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Gavin Zhang, Salar Fattahi, Richard Y. Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider using gradient descent to minimize the nonconvex function $f(X)=φ(XX^{T})$ over an $n\times r$ factor matrix $X$, in which $φ$ is an underlying smooth convex cost function defined over $n\times n$ matrices. While only a second-order stationary point $X$ can be provably found in reasonable time, if $X$ is additionally rank deficient, then its rank deficiency certifies it as being globally optimal. This way of certifying global optimality necessarily requires the search rank $r$ of the current iterate $X$ to be overparameterized with respect to the rank $r^{\star}$ of the global minimizer $X^{\star}$. Unfortunately, overparameterization significantly slows down the convergence of gradient descent, from a linear rate with $r=r^{\star}$ to a sublinear rate when $r>r^{\star}$, even when $φ$ is strongly convex. In this paper, we propose an inexpensive preconditioner that restores the convergence rate of gradient descent back to linear in the overparameterized case, while also making it agnostic to possible ill-conditioning in the global minimizer $X^{\star}$.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.06.06]({{ '/2022/06/06/2022.06.06.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.06.08]({{ '/2022/06/08/2022.06.08.html' | relative_url }})