Prev: [2022.01.09]({{ '/2022/01/09/2022.01.09.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.01.11]({{ '/2022/01/11/2022.01.11.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-01-10, created on 2022-01-20


<details><summary><b>Head2Toe: Utilizing Intermediate Representations for Better Transfer Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03529">arxiv:2201.03529</a>
&#x1F4C8; 91 <br>
<p>Utku Evci, Vincent Dumoulin, Hugo Larochelle, Michael C. Mozer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transfer-learning methods aim to improve performance in a data-scarce target domain using a model pretrained on a data-rich source domain. A cost-efficient strategy, linear probing, involves freezing the source model and training a new classification head for the target domain. This strategy is outperformed by a more costly but state-of-the-art method -- fine-tuning all parameters of the source model to the target domain -- possibly because fine-tuning allows the model to leverage useful information from intermediate layers which is otherwise discarded by the later pretrained layers. We explore the hypothesis that these intermediate layers might be directly exploited. We propose a method, Head-to-Toe probing (Head2Toe), that selects features from all layers of the source model to train a classification head for the target-domain. In evaluations on the VTAB-1k, Head2Toe matches performance obtained with fine-tuning on average while reducing training and storage cost hundred folds or more, but critically, for out-of-distribution transfer, Head2Toe outperforms fine-tuning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Language-driven Semantic Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03546">arxiv:2201.03546</a>
&#x1F4C8; 83 <br>
<p>Boyi Li, Kilian Q. Weinberger, Serge Belongie, Vladlen Koltun, René Ranftl</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present LSeg, a novel model for language-driven semantic image segmentation. LSeg uses a text encoder to compute embeddings of descriptive input labels (e.g., "grass" or "building") together with a transformer-based image encoder that computes dense per-pixel embeddings of the input image. The image encoder is trained with a contrastive objective to align pixel embeddings to the text embedding of the corresponding semantic class. The text embeddings provide a flexible label representation in which semantically similar labels map to similar regions in the embedding space (e.g., "cat" and "furry"). This allows LSeg to generalize to previously unseen categories at test time, without retraining or even requiring a single additional training sample. We demonstrate that our approach achieves highly competitive zero-shot performance compared to existing zero- and few-shot semantic segmentation methods, and even matches the accuracy of traditional segmentation algorithms when a fixed label set is provided. Code and demo are available at https://github.com/isl-org/lang-seg.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Small Object Detection using Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03243">arxiv:2201.03243</a>
&#x1F4C8; 66 <br>
<p>Aleena Ajaz, Ayesha Salar, Tauseef Jamal, Asif Ullah Khan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Now a days, UAVs such as drones are greatly used for various purposes like that of capturing and target detection from ariel imagery etc. Easy access of these small ariel vehicles to public can cause serious security threats. For instance, critical places may be monitored by spies blended in public using drones. Study in hand proposes an improved and efficient Deep Learning based autonomous system which can detect and track very small drones with great precision. The proposed system consists of a custom deep learning model Tiny YOLOv3, one of the flavors of very fast object detection model You Look Only Once (YOLO) is built and used for detection. The object detection algorithm will efficiently the detect the drones. The proposed architecture has shown significantly better performance as compared to the previous YOLO version. The improvement is observed in the terms of resource usage and time complexity. The performance is measured using the metrics of recall and precision that are 93% and 91% respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Fair Node Representations with Graph Counterfactual Fairness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03662">arxiv:2201.03662</a>
&#x1F4C8; 45 <br>
<p>Jing Ma, Ruocheng Guo, Mengting Wan, Longqi Yang, Aidong Zhang, Jundong Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fair machine learning aims to mitigate the biases of model predictions against certain subpopulations regarding sensitive attributes such as race and gender. Among the many existing fairness notions, counterfactual fairness measures the model fairness from a causal perspective by comparing the predictions of each individual from the original data and the counterfactuals. In counterfactuals, the sensitive attribute values of this individual had been modified. Recently, a few works extend counterfactual fairness to graph data, but most of them neglect the following facts that can lead to biases: 1) the sensitive attributes of each node's neighbors may causally affect the prediction w.r.t. this node; 2) the sensitive attributes may causally affect other features and the graph structure. To tackle these issues, in this paper, we propose a novel fairness notion - graph counterfactual fairness, which considers the biases led by the above facts. To learn node representations towards graph counterfactual fairness, we propose a novel framework based on counterfactual data augmentation. In this framework, we generate counterfactuals corresponding to perturbations on each node's and their neighbors' sensitive attributes. Then we enforce fairness by minimizing the discrepancy between the representations learned from the original graph and the counterfactuals for each node. Experiments on both synthetic and real-world graphs show that our framework outperforms the state-of-the-art baselines in graph counterfactual fairness, and also achieves comparable prediction performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SCROLLS: Standardized CompaRison Over Long Language Sequences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03533">arxiv:2201.03533</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Uri Shaham, Elad Segal, Maor Ivgi, Avia Efrat, Ori Yoran, Adi Haviv, Ankit Gupta, Wenhan Xiong, Mor Geva, Jonathan Berant, Omer Levy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** NLP benchmarks have largely focused on short texts, such as sentences and paragraphs, even though long texts comprise a considerable amount of natural language in the wild. We introduce SCROLLS, a suite of tasks that require reasoning over long texts. We examine existing long-text datasets, and handpick ones where the text is naturally long, while prioritizing tasks that involve synthesizing information across the input. SCROLLS contains summarization, question answering, and natural language inference tasks, covering multiple domains, including literature, science, business, and entertainment. Initial baselines, including Longformer Encoder-Decoder, indicate that there is ample room for improvement on SCROLLS. We make all datasets available in a unified text-to-text format and host a live leaderboard to facilitate research on model architecture and pretraining methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prior Knowledge Enhances Radiology Report Generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03761">arxiv:2201.03761</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Song Wang, Liyan Tang, Mingquan Lin, George Shih, Ying Ding, Yifan Peng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Radiology report generation aims to produce computer-aided diagnoses to alleviate the workload of radiologists and has drawn increasing attention recently. However, previous deep learning methods tend to neglect the mutual influences between medical findings, which can be the bottleneck that limits the quality of generated reports. In this work, we propose to mine and represent the associations among medical findings in an informative knowledge graph and incorporate this prior knowledge with radiology report generation to help improve the quality of generated reports. Experiment results demonstrate the superior performance of our proposed method on the IU X-ray dataset with a ROUGE-L of 0.384$\pm$0.007 and CIDEr of 0.340$\pm$0.011. Compared with previous works, our model achieves an average of 1.6% improvement (2.0% and 1.5% improvements in CIDEr and ROUGE-L, respectively). The experiments suggest that prior knowledge can bring performance gains to accurate radiology report generation. We will make the code publicly available at https://github.com/bionlplab/report_generation_amia2022.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Group Robustness in the presence of Partial Group Labels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03668">arxiv:2201.03668</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Vishnu Suresh Lokhande, Kihyuk Sohn, Jinsung Yoon, Madeleine Udell, Chen-Yu Lee, Tomas Pfister</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning invariant representations is an important requirement when training machine learning models that are driven by spurious correlations in the datasets. These spurious correlations, between input samples and the target labels, wrongly direct the neural network predictions resulting in poor performance on certain groups, especially the minority groups. Robust training against these spurious correlations requires the knowledge of group membership for every sample. Such a requirement is impractical in situations where the data labeling efforts for minority or rare groups are significantly laborious or where the individuals comprising the dataset choose to conceal sensitive information. On the other hand, the presence of such data collection efforts results in datasets that contain partially labeled group information. Recent works have tackled the fully unsupervised scenario where no labels for groups are available. Thus, we aim to fill the missing gap in the literature by tackling a more realistic setting that can leverage partially available sensitive or group information during training. First, we construct a constraint set and derive a high probability bound for the group assignment to belong to the set. Second, we propose an algorithm that optimizes for the worst-off group assignments from the constraint set. Through experiments on image and tabular datasets, we show improvements in the minority group's performance while preserving overall aggregate accuracy across groups.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Demonstrating The Risk of Imbalanced Datasets in Chest X-ray Image-based Diagnostics by Prototypical Relevance Propagation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03559">arxiv:2201.03559</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Srishti Gautam, Marina M. -C. Höhne, Stine Hansen, Robert Jenssen, Michael Kampffmeyer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The recent trend of integrating multi-source Chest X-Ray datasets to improve automated diagnostics raises concerns that models learn to exploit source-specific correlations to improve performance by recognizing the source domain of an image rather than the medical pathology. We hypothesize that this effect is enforced by and leverages label-imbalance across the source domains, i.e, prevalence of a disease corresponding to a source. Therefore, in this work, we perform a thorough study of the effect of label-imbalance in multi-source training for the task of pneumonia detection on the widely used ChestX-ray14 and CheXpert datasets. The results highlight and stress the importance of using more faithful and transparent self-explaining models for automated diagnosis, thus enabling the inherent detection of spurious learning. They further illustrate that this undesirable effect of learning spurious correlations can be reduced considerably when ensuring label-balanced source domain datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Model-Based Image Signal Processors via Learnable Dictionaries</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03210">arxiv:2201.03210</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Marcos V. Conde, Steven McDonagh, Matteo Maggioni, Aleš Leonardis, Eduardo Pérez-Pellitero</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Digital cameras transform sensor RAW readings into RGB images by means of their Image Signal Processor (ISP). Computational photography tasks such as image denoising and colour constancy are commonly performed in the RAW domain, in part due to the inherent hardware design, but also due to the appealing simplicity of noise statistics that result from the direct sensor readings. Despite this, the availability of RAW images is limited in comparison with the abundance and diversity of available RGB data. Recent approaches have attempted to bridge this gap by estimating the RGB to RAW mapping: handcrafted model-based methods that are interpretable and controllable usually require manual parameter fine-tuning, while end-to-end learnable neural networks require large amounts of training data, at times with complex training procedures, and generally lack interpretability and parametric control. Towards addressing these existing limitations, we present a novel hybrid model-based and data-driven ISP that builds on canonical ISP operations and is both learnable and interpretable. Our proposed invertible model, capable of bidirectional mapping between RAW and RGB domains, employs end-to-end learning of rich parameter representations, i.e. dictionaries, that are free from direct parametric supervision and additionally enable simple and plausible data augmentation. We evidence the value of our data generation process by extensive experiments under both RAW image reconstruction and RAW image denoising tasks, obtaining state-of-the-art performance in both. Additionally, we show that our ISP can learn meaningful mappings from few data samples, and that denoising models trained with our dictionary-based data augmentation are competitive despite having only few or zero ground-truth labels.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Without a Global Clock: Asynchronous Learning in a Physics-Driven Learning Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.04626">arxiv:2201.04626</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Jacob F Wycoff, Sam Dillavou, Menachem Stern, Andrea J Liu, Douglas J Durian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In a neuron network, synapses update individually using local information, allowing for entirely decentralized learning. In contrast, elements in an artificial neural network (ANN) are typically updated simultaneously using a central processor. Here we investigate the feasibility and effect of asynchronous learning in a recently introduced decentralized, physics-driven learning network. We show that desynchronizing the learning process does not degrade performance for a variety of tasks in an idealized simulation. In experiment, desynchronization actually improves performance by allowing the system to better explore the discretized state space of solutions. We draw an analogy between asynchronicity and mini-batching in stochastic gradient descent, and show that they have similar effects on the learning process. Desynchronizing the learning process establishes physics-driven learning networks as truly fully distributed learning machines, promoting better performance and scalability in deployment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Verified Probabilistic Policies for Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03698">arxiv:2201.03698</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Edoardo Bacci, David Parker</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep reinforcement learning is an increasingly popular technique for synthesising policies to control an agent's interaction with its environment. There is also growing interest in formally verifying that such policies are correct and execute safely. Progress has been made in this area by building on existing work for verification of deep neural networks and of continuous-state dynamical systems. In this paper, we tackle the problem of verifying probabilistic policies for deep reinforcement learning, which are used to, for example, tackle adversarial environments, break symmetries and manage trade-offs. We propose an abstraction approach, based on interval Markov decision processes, that yields probabilistic guarantees on a policy's execution, and present techniques to build and solve these models using abstract interpretation, mixed-integer linear programming, entropy-based refinement and probabilistic model checking. We implement our approach and illustrate its effectiveness on a selection of reinforcement learning benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reproducing BowNet: Learning Representations by Predicting Bags of Visual Words</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03556">arxiv:2201.03556</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Harry Nguyen, Stone Yun, Hisham Mohammad</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work aims to reproduce results from the CVPR 2020 paper by Gidaris et al. Self-supervised learning (SSL) is used to learn feature representations of an image using an unlabeled dataset. This work proposes to use bag-of-words (BoW) deep feature descriptors as a self-supervised learning target to learn robust, deep representations. BowNet is trained to reconstruct the histogram of visual words (ie. the deep BoW descriptor) of a reference image when presented a perturbed version of the image as input. Thus, this method aims to learn perturbation-invariant and context-aware image features that can be useful for few-shot tasks or supervised downstream tasks. In the paper, the author describes BowNet as a network consisting of a convolutional feature extractor $Φ(\cdot)$ and a Dense-softmax layer $Ω(\cdot)$ trained to predict BoW features from images. After BoW training, the features of $Φ$ are used in downstream tasks. For this challenge we were trying to build and train a network that could reproduce the CIFAR-100 accuracy improvements reported in the original paper. However, we were unsuccessful in reproducing an accuracy improvement comparable to what the authors mentioned. This could be for a variety of factors and we believe that time constraints were the primary bottleneck.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evaluation of Neural Networks Defenses and Attacks using NDCG and Reciprocal Rank Metrics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.05071">arxiv:2201.05071</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Haya Brama, Lihi Dery, Tal Grinshpoun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The problem of attacks on neural networks through input modification (i.e., adversarial examples) has attracted much attention recently. Being relatively easy to generate and hard to detect, these attacks pose a security breach that many suggested defenses try to mitigate. However, the evaluation of the effect of attacks and defenses commonly relies on traditional classification metrics, without adequate adaptation to adversarial scenarios. Most of these metrics are accuracy-based, and therefore may have a limited scope and low distinctive power. Other metrics do not consider the unique characteristics of neural networks functionality, or measure the effect of the attacks indirectly (e.g., through the complexity of their generation). In this paper, we present two metrics which are specifically designed to measure the effect of attacks, or the recovery effect of defenses, on the output of neural networks in multiclass classification tasks. Inspired by the normalized discounted cumulative gain and the reciprocal rank metrics used in information retrieval literature, we treat the neural network predictions as ranked lists of results. Using additional information about the probability of the rank enabled us to define novel metrics that are suited to the task at hand. We evaluate our metrics using various attacks and defenses on a pretrained VGG19 model and the ImageNet dataset. Compared to the common classification metrics, our proposed metrics demonstrate superior informativeness and distinctiveness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quasi-Framelets: Another Improvement to GraphNeural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.04728">arxiv:2201.04728</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mengxi Yang, Xuebin Zheng, Jie Yin, Junbin Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper aims to provide a novel design of a multiscale framelets convolution for spectral graph neural networks. In the spectral paradigm, spectral GNNs improve graph learning task performance via proposing various spectral filters in spectral domain to capture both global and local graph structure information. Although the existing spectral approaches show superior performance in some graphs, they suffer from lack of flexibility and being fragile when graph information are incomplete or perturbated. Our new framelets convolution incorporates the filtering func-tions directly designed in the spectral domain to overcome these limitations. The proposed convolution shows a great flexibility in cutting-off spectral information and effectively mitigate the negative effect of noisy graph signals. Besides, to exploit the heterogeneity in real-world graph data, the heterogeneous graph neural network with our new framelet convolution provides a solution for embedding the intrinsic topological information of meta-path with a multi-level graph analysis.Extensive experiments have been conducted on real-world heterogeneous graphs and homogeneous graphs under settings with noisy node features and superior performance results are achieved.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pavlovian Signalling with General Value Functions in Agent-Agent Temporal Decision Making</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03709">arxiv:2201.03709</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Andrew Butcher, Michael Bradley Johanson, Elnaz Davoodi, Dylan J. A. Brenneis, Leslie Acker, Adam S. R. Parker, Adam White, Joseph Modayil, Patrick M. Pilarski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we contribute a multi-faceted study into Pavlovian signalling -- a process by which learned, temporally extended predictions made by one agent inform decision-making by another agent. Signalling is intimately connected to time and timing. In service of generating and receiving signals, humans and other animals are known to represent time, determine time since past events, predict the time until a future stimulus, and both recognize and generate patterns that unfold in time. We investigate how different temporal processes impact coordination and signalling between learning agents by introducing a partially observable decision-making domain we call the Frost Hollow. In this domain, a prediction learning agent and a reinforcement learning agent are coupled into a two-part decision-making system that works to acquire sparse reward while avoiding time-conditional hazards. We evaluate two domain variations: machine agents interacting in a seven-state linear walk, and human-machine interaction in a virtual-reality environment. Our results showcase the speed of learning for Pavlovian signalling, the impact that different temporal representations do (and do not) have on agent-agent coordination, and how temporal aliasing impacts agent-agent and human-agent interactions differently. As a main contribution, we establish Pavlovian signalling as a natural bridge between fixed signalling paradigms and fully adaptive communication learning between two agents. We further show how to computationally build this adaptive signalling process out of a fixed signalling process, characterized by fast continual prediction learning and minimal constraints on the nature of the agent receiving signals. Our results therefore suggest an actionable, constructivist path towards communication learning between reinforcement learning agents.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantum activation functions for quantum neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03700">arxiv:2201.03700</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Marco Maronese, Claudio Destri, Enrico Prati</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The field of artificial neural networks is expected to strongly benefit from recent developments of quantum computers. In particular, quantum machine learning, a class of quantum algorithms which exploit qubits for creating trainable neural networks, will provide more power to solve problems such as pattern recognition, clustering and machine learning in general. The building block of feed-forward neural networks consists of one layer of neurons connected to an output neuron that is activated according to an arbitrary activation function. The corresponding learning algorithm goes under the name of Rosenblatt perceptron. Quantum perceptrons with specific activation functions are known, but a general method to realize arbitrary activation functions on a quantum computer is still lacking. Here we fill this gap with a quantum algorithm which is capable to approximate any analytic activation functions to any given order of its power series. Unlike previous proposals providing irreversible measurement--based and simplified activation functions, here we show how to approximate any analytic function to any required accuracy without the need to measure the states encoding the information. Thanks to the generality of this construction, any feed-forward neural network may acquire the universal approximation properties according to Hornik's theorem. Our results recast the science of artificial neural networks in the architecture of gate-model quantum computers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NFANet: A Novel Method for Weakly Supervised Water Extraction from High-Resolution Remote Sensing Imagery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03686">arxiv:2201.03686</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Ming Lu, Leyuan Fang, Muxing Li, Bob Zhang, Yi Zhang, Pedram Ghamisi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The use of deep learning for water extraction requires precise pixel-level labels. However, it is very difficult to label high-resolution remote sensing images at the pixel level. Therefore, we study how to utilize point labels to extract water bodies and propose a novel method called the neighbor feature aggregation network (NFANet). Compared with pixellevel labels, point labels are much easier to obtain, but they will lose much information. In this paper, we take advantage of the similarity between the adjacent pixels of a local water-body, and propose a neighbor sampler to resample remote sensing images. Then, the sampled images are sent to the network for feature aggregation. In addition, we use an improved recursive training algorithm to further improve the extraction accuracy, making the water boundary more natural. Furthermore, our method utilizes neighboring features instead of global or local features to learn more representative features. The experimental results show that the proposed NFANet method not only outperforms other studied weakly supervised approaches, but also obtains similar results as the state-of-the-art ones.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Black-Box Tuning for Language-Model-as-a-Service</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03514">arxiv:2201.03514</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Tianxiang Sun, Yunfan Shao, Hong Qian, Xuanjing Huang, Xipeng Qiu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Extremely large pre-trained language models (PTMs) such as GPT-3 are usually released as a service, allowing users to design task-specific prompts to query the PTMs through some black-box APIs. In such a scenario, which we call Language-Model-as-a-Service (LMaaS), gradients of the PTMs are usually not available. Can we optimize the task prompts by only accessing the model inference APIs? Based on recent observations that large PTMs have a very low intrinsic dimensionality, this work proposes the Black-Box Tuning to optimize PTMs through derivative-free algorithms. In particular, we invoke the CMA-ES to optimize the continuous prompt prepended to the input text by iteratively calling PTM inference APIs. Our experimental results demonstrate that, black-box tuning with RoBERTa on a few labeled samples not only significantly outperforms manual prompt and GPT-3's in-context learning, but also surpasses the gradient-based counterparts, namely prompt tuning and full model tuning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sub-mW Keyword Spotting on an MCU: Analog Binary Feature Extraction and Binary Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03386">arxiv:2201.03386</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Gianmarco Cerutti, Lukas Cavigelli, Renzo Andri, Michele Magno, Elisabetta Farella, Luca Benini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Keyword spotting (KWS) is a crucial function enabling the interaction with the many ubiquitous smart devices in our surroundings, either activating them through wake-word or directly as a human-computer interface. For many applications, KWS is the entry point for our interactions with the device and, thus, an always-on workload. Many smart devices are mobile and their battery lifetime is heavily impacted by continuously running services. KWS and similar always-on services are thus the focus when optimizing the overall power consumption. This work addresses KWS energy-efficiency on low-cost microcontroller units (MCUs). We combine analog binary feature extraction with binary neural networks. By replacing the digital preprocessing with the proposed analog front-end, we show that the energy required for data acquisition and preprocessing can be reduced by 29x, cutting its share from a dominating 85% to a mere 16% of the overall energy consumption for our reference KWS application. Experimental evaluations on the Speech Commands Dataset show that the proposed system outperforms state-of-the-art accuracy and energy efficiency, respectively, by 1% and 4.3x on a 10-class dataset while providing a compelling accuracy-energy trade-off including a 2% accuracy drop for a 71x energy reduction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Continual Learning of Long Topic Sequences in Neural Information Retrieval</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03356">arxiv:2201.03356</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Thomas Gerald, Laure Soulier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In information retrieval (IR) systems, trends and users' interests may change over time, altering either the distribution of requests or contents to be recommended. Since neural ranking approaches heavily depend on the training data, it is crucial to understand the transfer capacity of recent IR approaches to address new domains in the long term. In this paper, we first propose a dataset based upon the MSMarco corpus aiming at modeling a long stream of topics as well as IR property-driven controlled settings. We then in-depth analyze the ability of recent neural IR models while continually learning those streams. Our empirical study highlights in which particular cases catastrophic forgetting occurs (e.g., level of similarity between tasks, peculiarities on text length, and ways of learning models) to provide future directions in terms of model design.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Local Information Assisted Attention-free Decoder for Audio Captioning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03217">arxiv:2201.03217</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Feiyang Xiao, Jian Guan, Qiaoxi Zhu, Haiyan Lan, Wenwu Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automated audio captioning (AAC) aims to describe audio data with captions using natural language. Most existing AAC methods adopt an encoder-decoder structure, where the attention based mechanism is a popular choice in the decoder (e.g., Transformer decoder) for predicting captions from audio features. Such attention based decoders can capture the global information from the audio features, however, their ability in extracting local information can be limited, which may lead to degraded quality in the generated captions. In this paper, we present an AAC method with an attention-free decoder, where an encoder based on PANNs is employed for audio feature extraction, and the attention-free decoder is designed to introduce local information. The proposed method enables the effective use of both global and local information from audio signals. Experiments show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods with the standard attention based decoder in Task 6 of the DCASE 2021 Challenge.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A novel method for error analysis in radiation thermometry with application to industrial furnaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.04069">arxiv:2201.04069</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Iñigo Martinez, Urtzi Otamendi, Igor G. Olaizola, Roger Solsona, Mikel Maiza, Elisabeth Viles, Arturo Fernandez, Ignacio Arzua</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate temperature measurements are essential for the proper monitoring and control of industrial furnaces. However, measurement uncertainty is a risk for such a critical parameter. Certain instrumental and environmental errors must be considered when using spectral-band radiation thermometry techniques, such as the uncertainty in the emissivity of the target surface, reflected radiation from surrounding objects, or atmospheric absorption and emission, to name a few. Undesired contributions to measured radiation can be isolated using measurement models, also known as error-correction models. This paper presents a methodology for budgeting significant sources of error and uncertainty during temperature measurements in a petrochemical furnace scenario. A continuous monitoring system is also presented, aided by a deep-learning-based measurement correction model, to allow domain experts to analyze the furnace's operation in real-time. To validate the proposed system's functionality, a real-world application case in a petrochemical plant is presented. The proposed solution demonstrates the viability of precise industrial furnace monitoring, thereby increasing operational security and improving the efficiency of such energy-intensive systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An analysis of reconstruction noise from undersampled 4D flow MRI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03715">arxiv:2201.03715</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Lauren Partin, Daniele E. Schiavazzi, Carlos A. Sing Long</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Novel Magnetic Resonance (MR) imaging modalities can quantify hemodynamics but require long acquisition times, precluding its widespread use for early diagnosis of cardiovascular disease. To reduce the acquisition times, reconstruction methods from undersampled measurements are routinely used, that leverage representations designed to increase image compressibility.
  Reconstructed anatomical and hemodynamic images may present visual artifacts. Although some of these artifact are essentially reconstruction errors, and thus a consequence of undersampling, others may be due to measurement noise or the random choice of the sampled frequencies. Said otherwise, a reconstructed image becomes a random variable, and both its bias and its covariance can lead to visual artifacts; the latter leads to spatial correlations that may be misconstrued for visual information. Although the nature of the former has been studied in the literature, the latter has not received as much attention.
  In this study, we investigate the theoretical properties of the random perturbations arising from the reconstruction process, and perform a number of numerical experiments on simulated and MR aortic flow. Our results show that the correlation length remains limited to two to three pixels when a Gaussian undersampling pattern is combined with recovery algorithms based on $\ell_1$-norm minimization. However, the correlation length may increase significantly for other undersampling patterns, higher undersampling factors (i.e., 8x or 16x compression), and different reconstruction methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neuroplastic graph attention networks for nuclei segmentation in histopathology images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03669">arxiv:2201.03669</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yoav Alon, Huiyu Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern histopathological image analysis relies on the segmentation of cell structures to derive quantitative metrics required in biomedical research and clinical diagnostics. State-of-the-art deep learning approaches predominantly apply convolutional layers in segmentation and are typically highly customized for a specific experimental configuration; often unable to generalize to unknown data. As the model capacity of classical convolutional layers is limited by a finite set of learned kernels, our approach uses a graph representation of the image and focuses on the node transitions in multiple magnifications. We propose a novel architecture for semantic segmentation of cell nuclei robust to differences in experimental configuration such as staining and variation of cell types. The architecture is comprised of a novel neuroplastic graph attention network based on residual graph attention layers and concurrent optimization of the graph structure representing multiple magnification levels of the histopathological image. The modification of graph structure, which generates the node features by projection, is as important to the architecture as the graph neural network itself. It determines the possible message flow and critical properties to optimize attention, graph structure, and node updates in a balanced magnification loss. In experimental evaluation, our framework outperforms ensembles of state-of-the-art neural networks, with a fraction of the neurons typically required, and sets new standards for the segmentation of new nuclei datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Effects of Reward Misspecification: Mapping and Mitigating Misaligned Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03544">arxiv:2201.03544</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Alexander Pan, Kush Bhatia, Jacob Steinhardt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reward hacking -- where RL agents exploit gaps in misspecified reward functions -- has been widely observed, but not yet systematically studied. To understand how reward hacking arises, we construct four RL environments with misspecified rewards. We investigate reward hacking as a function of agent capabilities: model capacity, action space resolution, observation space noise, and training time. More capable agents often exploit reward misspecifications, achieving higher proxy reward and lower true reward than less capable agents. Moreover, we find instances of phase transitions: capability thresholds at which the agent's behavior qualitatively shifts, leading to a sharp decrease in the true reward. Such phase transitions pose challenges to monitoring the safety of ML systems. To address this, we propose an anomaly detection task for aberrant policies and offer several baseline detectors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>When is Offline Two-Player Zero-Sum Markov Game Solvable?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03522">arxiv:2201.03522</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Qiwen Cui, Simon S. Du</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study what dataset assumption permits solving offline two-player zero-sum Markov game. In stark contrast to the offline single-agent Markov decision process, we show that the single strategy concentration assumption is insufficient for learning the Nash equilibrium (NE) strategy in offline two-player zero-sum Markov games. On the other hand, we propose a new assumption named unilateral concentration and design a pessimism-type algorithm that is provably efficient under this assumption. In addition, we show that the unilateral concentration assumption is necessary for learning an NE strategy. Furthermore, our algorithm can achieve minimax sample complexity without any modification for two widely studied settings: dataset with uniform concentration assumption and turn-based Markov game. Our work serves as an important initial step towards understanding offline multi-agent reinforcement learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Leveraging Social Influence based on Users Activity Centers for Point-of-Interest Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03450">arxiv:2201.03450</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Kosar Seyedhoseinzadeh, Hossein A. Rahmani, Mohsen Afsharchi, Mohammad Aliannejadi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recommender Systems (RSs) aim to model and predict the user preference while interacting with items, such as Points of Interest (POIs). These systems face several challenges, such as data sparsity, limiting their effectiveness. In this paper, we address this problem by incorporating social, geographical, and temporal information into the Matrix Factorization (MF) technique. To this end, we model social influence based on two factors: similarities between users in terms of common check-ins and the friendships between them. We introduce two levels of friendship based on explicit friendship networks and high check-in overlap between users. We base our friendship algorithm on users' geographical activity centers. The results show that our proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art on two real-world datasets. More specifically, our ablation study shows that the social model improves the performance of our proposed POI recommendation system by 31% and 14% on the Gowalla and Yelp datasets in terms of Precision@10, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Morphological Analysis of Japanese Hiragana Sentences using the BI-LSTM CRF Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03366">arxiv:2201.03366</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jun Izutsu, Kanako Komiya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This study proposes a method to develop neural models of the morphological analyzer for Japanese Hiragana sentences using the Bi-LSTM CRF model. Morphological analysis is a technique that divides text data into words and assigns information such as parts of speech. This technique plays an essential role in downstream applications in Japanese natural language processing systems because the Japanese language does not have word delimiters between words. Hiragana is a type of Japanese phonogramic characters, which is used for texts for children or people who cannot read Chinese characters. Morphological analysis of Hiragana sentences is more difficult than that of ordinary Japanese sentences because there is less information for dividing. For morphological analysis of Hiragana sentences, we demonstrated the effectiveness of fine-tuning using a model based on ordinary Japanese text and examined the influence of training data on texts of various genres.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>High-resolution Ecosystem Mapping in Repetitive Environments Using Dual Camera SLAM</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03364">arxiv:2201.03364</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Brian M. Hopkinson, Suchendra M. Bhandarkar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Structure from Motion (SfM) techniques are being increasingly used to create 3D maps from images in many domains including environmental monitoring. However, SfM techniques are often confounded in visually repetitive environments as they rely primarily on globally distinct image features. Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) techniques offer a potential solution in visually repetitive environments since they use local feature matching, but SLAM approaches work best with wide-angle cameras that are often unsuitable for documenting the environmental system of interest. We resolve this issue by proposing a dual-camera SLAM approach that uses a forward facing wide-angle camera for localization and a downward facing narrower angle, high-resolution camera for documentation. Video frames acquired by the forward facing camera video are processed using a standard SLAM approach providing a trajectory of the imaging system through the environment which is then used to guide the registration of the documentation camera images. Fragmentary maps, initially produced from the documentation camera images via monocular SLAM, are subsequently scaled and aligned with the localization camera trajectory and finally subjected to a global optimization procedure to produce a unified, refined map. An experimental comparison with several state-of-the-art SfM approaches shows the dual-camera SLAM approach to perform better in repetitive environmental systems based on select samples of ground control point markers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-Modal ASR Post-Processing System for Error Correction and Utterance Rejection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03313">arxiv:2201.03313</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jing Du, Shiliang Pu, Qinbo Dong, Chao Jin, Xin Qi, Dian Gu, Ru Wu, Hongwei Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although modern automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems can achieve high performance, they may produce errors that weaken readers' experience and do harm to downstream tasks. To improve the accuracy and reliability of ASR hypotheses, we propose a cross-modal post-processing system for speech recognizers, which 1) fuses acoustic features and textual features from different modalities, 2) joints a confidence estimator and an error corrector in multi-task learning fashion and 3) unifies error correction and utterance rejection modules. Compared with single-modal or single-task models, our proposed system is proved to be more effective and efficient. Experiment result shows that our post-processing system leads to more than 10% relative reduction of character error rate (CER) for both single-speaker and multi-speaker speech on our industrial ASR system, with about 1.7ms latency for each token, which ensures that extra latency introduced by post-processing is acceptable in streaming speech recognition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Swin Transformer for Fast MRI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03230">arxiv:2201.03230</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jiahao Huang, Yingying Fang, Yinzhe Wu, Huanjun Wu, Zhifan Gao, Yang Li, Javier Del Ser, Jun Xia, Guang Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is an important non-invasive clinical tool that can produce high-resolution and reproducible images. However, a long scanning time is required for high-quality MR images, which leads to exhaustion and discomfort of patients, inducing more artefacts due to voluntary movements of the patients and involuntary physiological movements. To accelerate the scanning process, methods by k-space undersampling and deep learning based reconstruction have been popularised. This work introduced SwinMR, a novel Swin transformer based method for fast MRI reconstruction. The whole network consisted of an input module (IM), a feature extraction module (FEM) and an output module (OM). The IM and OM were 2D convolutional layers and the FEM was composed of a cascaded of residual Swin transformer blocks (RSTBs) and 2D convolutional layers. The RSTB consisted of a series of Swin transformer layers (STLs). The shifted windows multi-head self-attention (W-MSA/SW-MSA) of STL was performed in shifted windows rather than the multi-head self-attention (MSA) of the original transformer in the whole image space. A novel multi-channel loss was proposed by using the sensitivity maps, which was proved to reserve more textures and details. We performed a series of comparative studies and ablation studies in the Calgary-Campinas public brain MR dataset and conducted a downstream segmentation experiment in the Multi-modal Brain Tumour Segmentation Challenge 2017 dataset. The results demonstrate our SwinMR achieved high-quality reconstruction compared with other benchmark methods, and it shows great robustness with different undersampling masks, under noise interruption and on different datasets. The code is publicly available at https://github.com/ayanglab/SwinMR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reciprocal Adversarial Learning for Brain Tumor Segmentation: A Solution to BraTS Challenge 2021 Segmentation Task</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03777">arxiv:2201.03777</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Himashi Peiris, Zhaolin Chen, Gary Egan, Mehrtash Harandi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes an adversarial learning based training approach for brain tumor segmentation task. In this concept, the 3D segmentation network learns from dual reciprocal adversarial learning approaches. To enhance the generalization across the segmentation predictions and to make the segmentation network robust, we adhere to the Virtual Adversarial Training approach by generating more adversarial examples via adding some noise on original patient data. By incorporating a critic that acts as a quantitative subjective referee, the segmentation network learns from the uncertainty information associated with segmentation results. We trained and evaluated network architecture on the RSNA-ASNR-MICCAI BraTS 2021 dataset. Our performance on the online validation dataset is as follows: Dice Similarity Score of 81.38%, 90.77% and 85.39%; Hausdorff Distance (95\%) of 21.83 mm, 5.37 mm, 8.56 mm for the enhancing tumor, whole tumor and tumor core, respectively. Similarly, our approach achieved a Dice Similarity Score of 84.55%, 90.46% and 85.30%, as well as Hausdorff Distance (95\%) of 13.48 mm, 6.32 mm and 16.98 mm on the final test dataset. Overall, our proposed approach yielded better performance in segmentation accuracy for each tumor sub-region. Our code implementation is publicly available at https://github.com/himashi92/vizviva_brats_2021

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved Neural Distinguishers with (Related-key) Differentials: Applications in SIMON and SIMECK</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03767">arxiv:2201.03767</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jinyu Lu, Guoqiang Liu, Yunwen Liu, Bing Sun, Chao Li, Li Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In CRYPTO 2019, Gohr made a pioneering attempt, and successfully applied deep learning to the differential cryptanalysis against NSA block cipher Speck32/64, achieving higher accuracy than the pure differential distinguishers. By its very nature, mining effective features in data plays a crucial role in data-driven deep learning. In this paper, in addition to considering the integrity of the information from the training data of the ciphertext pair, domain knowledge about the structure of differential cryptanalysis is also considered into the training process of deep learning to improve the performance. Besides, based on the SAT/SMT solvers, we find other high probability compatible differential characteristics which effectively improve the performance compared with previous work. We build neural distinguishers (NDs) and related-key neural distinguishers (RKNDs) against Simon and Simeck. The ND and RKND for Simon32/64 reach 11-, 11-round with an accuracy of 59.55% and 97.90%, respectively. For Simon64/128, the ND achieve an accuracy of 60.32% in 13-round, while it is 95.49% for the RKND. For Simeck32/64, ND and RKND of 11-, 14-round are obtained, reaching an accuracy of 63.32% and 87.06%, respectively. And we build 17-round ND and 21-round RKND for Simeck64/128 with an accuracy of 64.24% and 62.96%, respectively. Currently, these are the longest (related-key) neural distinguishers with higher accuracy for Simon32/64, Simon64/128, Simeck32/64 and Simeck64/128.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Language-Agnostic Website Embedding and Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03677">arxiv:2201.03677</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sylvain Lugeon, Tiziano Piccardi, Robert West</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Currently, publicly available models for website classification do not offer an embedding method and have limited support for languages beyond English. We release a dataset with more than 1M websites in 92 languages with relative labels collected from Curlie, the largest multilingual crowdsourced Web directory. The dataset contains 14 website categories aligned across languages. Alongside it, we introduce Homepage2Vec, a machine-learned pre-trained model for classifying and embedding websites based on their homepage in a language-agnostic way. Homepage2Vec, thanks to its feature set (textual content, metadata tags, and visual attributes) and recent progress in natural language representation, is language-independent by design and can generate embeddings representation. We show that Homepage2Vec correctly classifies websites with a macro-averaged F1-score of 0.90, with stable performance across low- as well as high-resource languages. Feature analysis shows that a small subset of efficiently computable features suffices to achieve high performance even with limited computational resources. We make publicly available the curated Curlie dataset aligned across languages, the pre-trained Homepage2Vec model, and libraries.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evaluating Bayesian Model Visualisations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03604">arxiv:2201.03604</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sebastian Stein, John H. Williamson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Probabilistic models inform an increasingly broad range of business and policy decisions ultimately made by people. Recent algorithmic, computational, and software framework development progress facilitate the proliferation of Bayesian probabilistic models, which characterise unobserved parameters by their joint distribution instead of point estimates. While they can empower decision makers to explore complex queries and to perform what-if-style conditioning in theory, suitable visualisations and interactive tools are needed to maximise users' comprehension and rational decision making under uncertainty. In this paper, propose a protocol for quantitative evaluation of Bayesian model visualisations and introduce a software framework implementing this protocol to support standardisation in evaluation practice and facilitate reproducibility. We illustrate the evaluation and analysis workflow on a user study that explores whether making Boxplots and Hypothetical Outcome Plots interactive can increase comprehension or rationality and conclude with design guidelines for researchers looking to conduct similar studies in the future.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GBRS: An Unified Model of Pawlak Rough Set and Neighborhood Rough Set</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03349">arxiv:2201.03349</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Shuyin Xia, Cheng Wang, GuoYing Wang, XinBo Gao, Elisabeth Giem, JianHang Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pawlak rough set and neighborhood rough set are the two most common rough set theoretical models. Pawlawk can use equivalence classes to represent knowledge, but it cannot process continuous data; neighborhood rough sets can process continuous data, but it loses the ability of using equivalence classes to represent knowledge. To this end, this paper presents a granular-ball rough set based on the granlar-ball computing. The granular-ball rough set can simultaneously represent Pawlak rough sets, and the neighborhood rough set, so as to realize the unified representation of the two. This makes the granular-ball rough set not only can deal with continuous data, but also can use equivalence classes for knowledge representation. In addition, we propose an implementation algorithms of granular-ball rough sets. The experimental resuts on benchmark datasets demonstrate that, due to the combination of the robustness and adaptability of the granular-ball computing, the learning accuracy of the granular-ball rough set has been greatly improved compared with the Pawlak rough set and the traditional neighborhood rough set. The granular-ball rough set also outperforms nine popular or the state-of-the-art feature selection methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COIN: Counterfactual Image Generation for VQA Interpretation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03342">arxiv:2201.03342</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zeyd Boukhers, Timo Hartmann, Jan Jürjens</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Due to the significant advancement of Natural Language Processing and Computer Vision-based models, Visual Question Answering (VQA) systems are becoming more intelligent and advanced. However, they are still error-prone when dealing with relatively complex questions. Therefore, it is important to understand the behaviour of the VQA models before adopting their results. In this paper, we introduce an interpretability approach for VQA models by generating counterfactual images. Specifically, the generated image is supposed to have the minimal possible change to the original image and leads the VQA model to give a different answer. In addition, our approach ensures that the generated image is realistic. Since quantitative metrics cannot be employed to evaluate the interpretability of the model, we carried out a user study to assess different aspects of our approach. In addition to interpreting the result of VQA models on single images, the obtained results and the discussion provides an extensive explanation of VQA models' behaviour.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Gait Recognition Based on Deep Learning: A Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03323">arxiv:2201.03323</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Claudio Filipi Gonçalves dos Santos, Diego de Souza Oliveira, Leandro A. Passos, Rafael Gonçalves Pires, Daniel Felipe Silva Santos, Lucas Pascotti Valem, Thierry P. Moreira, Marcos Cleison S. Santana, Mateus Roder, João Paulo Papa, Danilo Colombo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In general, biometry-based control systems may not rely on individual expected behavior or cooperation to operate appropriately. Instead, such systems should be aware of malicious procedures for unauthorized access attempts. Some works available in the literature suggest addressing the problem through gait recognition approaches. Such methods aim at identifying human beings through intrinsic perceptible features, despite dressed clothes or accessories. Although the issue denotes a relatively long-time challenge, most of the techniques developed to handle the problem present several drawbacks related to feature extraction and low classification rates, among other issues. However, deep learning-based approaches recently emerged as a robust set of tools to deal with virtually any image and computer-vision related problem, providing paramount results for gait recognition as well. Therefore, this work provides a surveyed compilation of recent works regarding biometric detection through gait recognition with a focus on deep learning approaches, emphasizing their benefits, and exposing their weaknesses. Besides, it also presents categorized and characterized descriptions of the datasets, approaches, and architectures employed to tackle associated constraints.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fully automatic scoring of handwritten descriptive answers in Japanese language tests</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03215">arxiv:2201.03215</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hung Tuan Nguyen, Cuong Tuan Nguyen, Haruki Oka, Tsunenori Ishioka, Masaki Nakagawa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents an experiment of automatically scoring handwritten descriptive answers in the trial tests for the new Japanese university entrance examination, which were made for about 120,000 examinees in 2017 and 2018. There are about 400,000 answers with more than 20 million characters. Although all answers have been scored by human examiners, handwritten characters are not labelled. We present our attempt to adapt deep neural network-based handwriting recognizers trained on a labelled handwriting dataset into this unlabeled answer set. Our proposed method combines different training strategies, ensembles multiple recognizers, and uses a language model built from a large general corpus to avoid overfitting into specific data. In our experiment, the proposed method records character accuracy of over 97% using about 2,000 verified labelled answers that account for less than 0.5% of the dataset. Then, the recognized answers are fed into a pre-trained automatic scoring system based on the BERT model without correcting misrecognized characters and providing rubric annotations. The automatic scoring system achieves from 0.84 to 0.98 of Quadratic Weighted Kappa (QWK). As QWK is over 0.8, it represents acceptable similarity of scoring between the automatic scoring system and the human examiners. These results are promising for further research on end-to-end automatic scoring of descriptive answers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Task planning and explanation with virtual actions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03199">arxiv:2201.03199</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Guowei Cui, Xiaoping Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One of the challenges of task planning is to find out what causes the planning failure and how to handle the failure intelligently. This paper shows how to achieve this. The idea is inspired by the connected graph: each verticle represents a set of compatible \textit{states}, and each edge represents an \textit{action}. For any given initial states and goals, we construct virtual actions to ensure that we always get a plan via task planning. This paper shows how to introduce virtual action to extend action models to make the graph to be connected: i) explicitly defines static predicate (type, permanent properties, etc) or dynamic predicate (state); ii) constructs a full virtual action or a semi-virtual action for each state; iii) finds the cause of the planning failure through a progressive planning approach. The implementation was evaluated in three typical scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy System with Integrated Feature Selection and Rule Extraction for High-Dimensional Classification Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03187">arxiv:2201.03187</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Guangdong Xue, Qin Chang, Jian Wang, Kai Zhang, Nikhil R. Pal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A major limitation of fuzzy or neuro-fuzzy systems is their failure to deal with high-dimensional datasets. This happens primarily due to the use of T-norm, particularly, product or minimum (or a softer version of it). Thus, there are hardly any work dealing with datasets with dimensions more than hundred or so. Here, we propose a neuro-fuzzy framework that can handle datasets with dimensions even more than 7000! In this context, we propose an adaptive softmin (Ada-softmin) which effectively overcomes the drawbacks of ``numeric underflow" and ``fake minimum" that arise for existing fuzzy systems while dealing with high-dimensional problems. We call it an Adaptive Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (AdaTSK) fuzzy system. We then equip the AdaTSK system to perform feature selection and rule extraction in an integrated manner. In this context, a novel gate function is introduced and embedded only in the consequent parts, which can determine the useful features and rules, in two successive phases of learning. Unlike conventional fuzzy rule bases, we design an enhanced fuzzy rule base (En-FRB), which maintains adequate rules but does not grow the number of rules exponentially with dimension that typically happens for fuzzy neural networks. The integrated Feature Selection and Rule Extraction AdaTSK (FSRE-AdaTSK) system consists of three sequential phases: (i) feature selection, (ii) rule extraction, and (iii) fine tuning. The effectiveness of the FSRE-AdaTSK is demonstrated on 19 datasets of which five are in more than 2000 dimension including two with dimension greater than 7000. This may be the first time fuzzy systems are realized for classification involving more than 7000 input features.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Likelihood Ratio based Domain Adaptation Method for E2E Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03655">arxiv:2201.03655</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chhavi Choudhury, Ankur Gandhe, Xiaohan Ding, Ivan Bulyko</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** End-to-end (E2E) automatic speech recognition models like Recurrent Neural Networks Transducer (RNN-T) are becoming a popular choice for streaming ASR applications like voice assistants. While E2E models are very effective at learning representation of the training data they are trained on, their accuracy on unseen domains remains a challenging problem. Additionally, these models require paired audio and text training data, are computationally expensive and are difficult to adapt towards the fast evolving nature of conversational speech. In this work, we explore a contextual biasing approach using likelihood-ratio that leverages text data sources to adapt RNN-T model to new domains and entities. We show that this method is effective in improving rare words recognition, and results in a relative improvement of 10% in 1-best word error rate (WER) and 10% in n-best Oracle WER (n=8) on multiple out-of-domain datasets without any degradation on a general dataset. We also show that complementing the contextual biasing adaptation with adaptation of a second-pass rescoring model gives additive WER improvements.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>3D Segmentation with Fully Trainable Gabor Kernels and Pearson's Correlation Coefficient</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03644">arxiv:2201.03644</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ken C. L. Wong, Mehdi Moradi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The convolutional layer and loss function are two fundamental components in deep learning. Because of the success of conventional deep learning kernels, the less versatile Gabor kernels become less popular despite the fact that they can provide abundant features at different frequencies, orientations, and scales with much fewer parameters. For existing loss functions for multi-class image segmentation, there is usually a tradeoff among accuracy, robustness to hyperparameters, and manual weight selections for combining different losses. Therefore, to gain the benefits of using Gabor kernels while keeping the advantage of automatic feature generation in deep learning, we propose a fully trainable Gabor-based convolutional layer where all Gabor parameters are trainable through backpropagation. Furthermore, we propose a loss function based on the Pearson's correlation coefficient, which is accurate, robust to learning rates, and does not require manual weight selections. Experiments on 43 3D brain magnetic resonance images with 19 anatomical structures show that, using the proposed loss function with a proper combination of conventional and Gabor-based kernels, we can train a network with only 1.6 million parameters to achieve an average Dice coefficient of 83%. This size is 44 times smaller than the V-Net which has 71 million parameters. This paper demonstrates the potentials of using learnable parametric kernels in deep learning for 3D segmentation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Competing Mutual Information Constraints with Stochastic Competition-based Activations for Learning Diversified Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03624">arxiv:2201.03624</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Konstantinos P. Panousis, Anastasios Antoniadis, Sotirios Chatzis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work aims to address the long-established problem of learning diversified representations. To this end, we combine information-theoretic arguments with stochastic competition-based activations, namely Stochastic Local Winner-Takes-All (LWTA) units. In this context, we ditch the conventional deep architectures commonly used in Representation Learning, that rely on non-linear activations; instead, we replace them with sets of locally and stochastically competing linear units. In this setting, each network layer yields sparse outputs, determined by the outcome of the competition between units that are organized into blocks of competitors. We adopt stochastic arguments for the competition mechanism, which perform posterior sampling to determine the winner of each block. We further endow the considered networks with the ability to infer the sub-part of the network that is essential for modeling the data at hand; we impose appropriate stick-breaking priors to this end. To further enrich the information of the emerging representations, we resort to information-theoretic principles, namely the Information Competing Process (ICP). Then, all the components are tied together under the stochastic Variational Bayes framework for inference. We perform a thorough experimental investigation for our approach using benchmark datasets on image classification. As we experimentally show, the resulting networks yield significant discriminative representation learning abilities. In addition, the introduced paradigm allows for a principled investigation mechanism of the emerging intermediate network representations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Resource recommender system performance improvement by exploring similar tags and detecting tags communities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03622">arxiv:2201.03622</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zeinab Shokrzadeh, Mohammad-Reza Feizi-Derakhshi, Mohammad-Ali Balafar, Jamshid Bagherzadeh Mohasefi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many researchers have used tag information to improve the performance of recommendation techniques in recommender systems. Examining the tags of users will help to get their interests and leads to more accuracy in the recommendations. Since user-defined tags are chosen freely and without any restrictions, problems arise in determining their exact meaning and the similarity of tags. On the other hand, using thesauruses and ontologies to find the meaning of tags is not very efficient due to their free definition by users and the use of different languages in many data sets. Therefore, this article uses the mathematical and statistical methods to determine lexical similarity and co-occurrence tags solution to assign semantic similarity. On the other hand, due to the change of users' interests over time this article have considered the time of tag assignments in co-occurrence tags for determined similarity of tags. Then the graph is created based on these similarities. For modeling the interests of the users, the communities of tags are determined by using community detection methods. So recommendations based on the communities of tags and similarity between resources are done. The performance of the proposed method has been done using two criteria of precision and recall based on evaluations with "Delicious" dataset. The evaluation results show that, the precision and recall of the proposed method have significantly improved, compared to the other methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Physics-Informed Vector Quantized Autoencoder for Data Compression of Turbulent Flow</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03617">arxiv:2201.03617</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mohammadreza Momenifar, Enmao Diao, Vahid Tarokh, Andrew D. Bragg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Analyzing large-scale data from simulations of turbulent flows is memory intensive, requiring significant resources. This major challenge highlights the need for data compression techniques. In this study, we apply a physics-informed Deep Learning technique based on vector quantization to generate a discrete, low-dimensional representation of data from simulations of three-dimensional turbulent flows. The deep learning framework is composed of convolutional layers and incorporates physical constraints on the flow, such as preserving incompressibility and global statistical characteristics of the velocity gradients. The accuracy of the model is assessed using statistical, comparison-based similarity and physics-based metrics. The training data set is produced from Direct Numerical Simulation of an incompressible, statistically stationary, isotropic turbulent flow. The performance of this lossy data compression scheme is evaluated not only with unseen data from the stationary, isotropic turbulent flow, but also with data from decaying isotropic turbulence, and a Taylor-Green vortex flow. Defining the compression ratio (CR) as the ratio of original data size to the compressed one, the results show that our model based on vector quantization can offer CR $=85$ with a mean square error (MSE) of $O(10^{-3})$, and predictions that faithfully reproduce the statistics of the flow, except at the very smallest scales where there is some loss. Compared to the recent study based on a conventional autoencoder where compression is performed in a continuous space, our model improves the CR by more than $30$ percent, and reduces the MSE by an order of magnitude. Our compression model is an attractive solution for situations where fast, high quality and low-overhead encoding and decoding of large data are required.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Iterative RAKI with Complex-Valued Convolution for Improved Image Reconstruction with Limited Scan-Specific Training Samples</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03560">arxiv:2201.03560</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Peter Dawood, Martin Blaimer, Felix Breuer, Paul R. Burd, István Homolya, Peter M. Jakob, Johannes Oberberger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** MRI scan time reduction is commonly achieved by Parallel Imaging methods, typically based on uniform undersampling of the inverse image space (a.k.a. k-space) and simultaneous signal reception with multiple receiver coils. The GRAPPA method interpolates missing k-space signals by linear combination of adjacent, acquired signals across all coils, and can be described by a convolution in k-space. Recently, a more generalized method called RAKI was introduced. RAKI is a deep-learning method that generalizes GRAPPA with additional convolution layers, on which a non-linear activation function is applied. This enables non-linear estimation of missing signals by convolutional neural networks. In analogy to GRAPPA, the convolution kernels in RAKI are trained using scan-specific training samples obtained from auto-calibration-signals (ACS). RAKI provides superior reconstruction quality compared to GRAPPA, however, often requires much more ACS due to its increased number of unknown parameters. In order to overcome this limitation, this study investigates the influence of training data on the reconstruction quality for standard 2D imaging, with particular focus on its amount and contrast information. Furthermore, an iterative k-space interpolation approach (iRAKI) is evaluated, which includes training data augmentation via an initial GRAPPA reconstruction, and refinement of convolution filters by iterative training. Using only 18, 20 and 25 ACS lines (8%), iRAKI outperforms RAKI by suppressing residual artefacts occurring at accelerations factors R=4 and R=5, and yields strong noise suppression in comparison to GRAPPA, underlined by quantitative quality metrics. Combination with a phase-constraint yields further improvement. Additionally, iRAKI shows better performance than GRAPPA and RAKI in case of pre-scan calibration and strongly varying contrast between training- and undersampled data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Assisting Unknown Teammates in Unknown Tasks: Ad Hoc Teamwork under Partial Observability</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03538">arxiv:2201.03538</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>João G. Ribeiro, Cassandro Martinho, Alberto Sardinha, Francisco S. Melo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present a novel Bayesian online prediction algorithm for the problem setting of ad hoc teamwork under partial observability (ATPO), which enables on-the-fly collaboration with unknown teammates performing an unknown task without needing a pre-coordination protocol. Unlike previous works that assume a fully observable state of the environment, ATPO accommodates partial observability, using the agent's observations to identify which task is being performed by the teammates. Our approach assumes neither that the teammate's actions are visible nor an environment reward signal. We evaluate ATPO in three domains -- two modified versions of the Pursuit domain with partial observability and the overcooked domain. Our results show that ATPO is effective and robust in identifying the teammate's task from a large library of possible tasks, efficient at solving it in near-optimal time, and scalable in adapting to increasingly larger problem sizes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Population-level Shape Statistics and Anatomy Segmentation From Images: A Joint Deep Learning Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03481">arxiv:2201.03481</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wenzheng Tao, Riddhish Bhalodia, Shireen Elhabian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Statistical shape modeling is an essential tool for the quantitative analysis of anatomical populations. Point distribution models (PDMs) represent the anatomical surface via a dense set of correspondences, an intuitive and easy-to-use shape representation for subsequent applications. These correspondences are exhibited in two coordinate spaces: the local coordinates describing the geometrical features of each individual anatomical surface and the world coordinates representing the population-level statistical shape information after removing global alignment differences across samples in the given cohort. We propose a deep-learning-based framework that simultaneously learns these two coordinate spaces directly from the volumetric images. The proposed joint model serves a dual purpose; the world correspondences can directly be used for shape analysis applications, circumventing the heavy pre-processing and segmentation involved in traditional PDM models. Additionally, the local correspondences can be used for anatomy segmentation. We demonstrate the efficacy of this joint model for both shape modeling applications on two datasets and its utility in inferring the anatomical surface.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-view Self-Supervised Learning on Heterogeneous Graph Neural Network via Bootstrapping</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03340">arxiv:2201.03340</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Minjae Park</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Heterogeneous graph neural networks can represent information of heterogeneous graphs with excellent ability. Recently, self-supervised learning manner is researched which learns the unique expression of a graph through a contrastive learning method. In the absence of labels, this learning methods show great potential. However, contrastive learning relies heavily on positive and negative pairs, and generating high-quality pairs from heterogeneous graphs is difficult. In this paper, in line with recent innovations in self-supervised learning called BYOL or bootstrapping, we introduce a that can generate good representations without generating large number of pairs. In addition, paying attention to the fact that heterogeneous graphs can be viewed from two perspectives, network schema and meta-path views, high-level expressions in the graphs are captured and expressed. The proposed model showed state-of-the-art performance than other methods in various real world datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Comparison of Representation Learning Techniques for Tracking in time resolved 3D Ultrasound</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03319">arxiv:2201.03319</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Daniel Wulff, Jannis Hagenah, Floris Ernst</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** 3D ultrasound (3DUS) becomes more interesting for target tracking in radiation therapy due to its capability to provide volumetric images in real-time without using ionizing radiation. It is potentially usable for tracking without using fiducials. For this, a method for learning meaningful representations would be useful to recognize anatomical structures in different time frames in representation space (r-space). In this study, 3DUS patches are reduced into a 128-dimensional r-space using conventional autoencoder, variational autoencoder and sliced-wasserstein autoencoder. In the r-space, the capability of separating different ultrasound patches as well as recognizing similar patches is investigated and compared based on a dataset of liver images. Two metrics to evaluate the tracking capability in the r-space are proposed. It is shown that ultrasound patches with different anatomical structures can be distinguished and sets of similar patches can be clustered in r-space. The results indicate that the investigated autoencoders have different levels of usability for target tracking in 3DUS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Avoiding Overfitting: A Survey on Regularization Methods for Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03299">arxiv:2201.03299</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Claudio Filipi Gonçalves dos Santos, João Paulo Papa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Several image processing tasks, such as image classification and object detection, have been significantly improved using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN). Like ResNet and EfficientNet, many architectures have achieved outstanding results in at least one dataset by the time of their creation. A critical factor in training concerns the network's regularization, which prevents the structure from overfitting. This work analyzes several regularization methods developed in the last few years, showing significant improvements for different CNN models. The works are classified into three main areas: the first one is called "data augmentation", where all the techniques focus on performing changes in the input data. The second, named "internal changes", which aims to describe procedures to modify the feature maps generated by the neural network or the kernels. The last one, called "label", concerns transforming the labels of a given input. This work presents two main differences comparing to other available surveys about regularization: (i) the first concerns the papers gathered in the manuscript, which are not older than five years, and (ii) the second distinction is about reproducibility, i.e., all works refered here have their code available in public repositories or they have been directly implemented in some framework, such as TensorFlow or Torch.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An application of the splitting-up method for the computation of a neural network representation for the solution for the filtering equations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03283">arxiv:2201.03283</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dan Crisan, Alexander Lobbe, Salvador Ortiz-Latorre</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The filtering equations govern the evolution of the conditional distribution of a signal process given partial, and possibly noisy, observations arriving sequentially in time. Their numerical approximation plays a central role in many real-life applications, including numerical weather prediction, finance and engineering. One of the classical approaches to approximate the solution of the filtering equations is to use a PDE inspired method, called the splitting-up method, initiated by Gyongy, Krylov, LeGland, among other contributors. This method, and other PDE based approaches, have particular applicability for solving low-dimensional problems. In this work we combine this method with a neural network representation. The new methodology is used to produce an approximation of the unnormalised conditional distribution of the signal process. We further develop a recursive normalisation procedure to recover the normalised conditional distribution of the signal process. The new scheme can be iterated over multiple time steps whilst keeping its asymptotic unbiasedness property intact.
  We test the neural network approximations with numerical approximation results for the Kalman and Benes filter.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Study on Mitigating Hard Boundaries of Decision-Tree-based Uncertainty Estimates for AI Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03263">arxiv:2201.03263</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Pascal Gerber, Lisa Jöckel, Michael Kläs</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Outcomes of data-driven AI models cannot be assumed to be always correct. To estimate the uncertainty in these outcomes, the uncertainty wrapper framework has been proposed, which considers uncertainties related to model fit, input quality, and scope compliance. Uncertainty wrappers use a decision tree approach to cluster input quality related uncertainties, assigning inputs strictly to distinct uncertainty clusters. Hence, a slight variation in only one feature may lead to a cluster assignment with a significantly different uncertainty. Our objective is to replace this with an approach that mitigates hard decision boundaries of these assignments while preserving interpretability, runtime complexity, and prediction performance. Five approaches were selected as candidates and integrated into the uncertainty wrapper framework. For the evaluation based on the Brier score, datasets for a pedestrian detection use case were generated using the CARLA simulator and YOLOv3. All integrated approaches achieved a softening, i.e., smoothing, of uncertainty estimation. Yet, compared to decision trees, they are not so easy to interpret and have higher runtime complexity. Moreover, some components of the Brier score impaired while others improved. Most promising regarding the Brier score were random forests. In conclusion, softening hard decision tree boundaries appears to be a trade-off decision.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Wind Park Power Prediction: Attention-Based Graph Networks and Deep Learning to Capture Wake Losses</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03229">arxiv:2201.03229</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lars Ødegaard Bentsen, Narada Dilp Warakagoda, Roy Stenbro, Paal Engelstad</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the increased penetration of wind energy into the power grid, it has become increasingly important to be able to predict the expected power production for larger wind farms. Deep learning (DL) models can learn complex patterns in the data and have found wide success in predicting wake losses and expected power production. This paper proposes a modular framework for attention-based graph neural networks (GNN), where attention can be applied to any desired component of a graph block. The results show that the model significantly outperforms a multilayer perceptron (MLP) and a bidirectional LSTM (BLSTM) model, while delivering performance on-par with a vanilla GNN model. Moreover, we argue that the proposed graph attention architecture can easily adapt to different applications by offering flexibility into the desired attention operations to be used, which might depend on the specific application. Through analysis of the attention weights, it was showed that employing attention-based GNNs can provide insights into what the models learn. In particular, the attention networks seemed to realise turbine dependencies that aligned with some physical intuition about wake losses.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Noisy Neonatal Chest Sound Separation for High-Quality Heart and Lung Sounds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03211">arxiv:2201.03211</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ethan Grooby, Chiranjibi Sitaula, Davood Fattahi, Reza Sameni, Kenneth Tan, Lindsay Zhou, Arrabella King, Ashwin Ramanathan, Atul Malhotra, Guy A. Dumont, Faezeh Marzbanrad</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Stethoscope-recorded chest sounds provide the opportunity for remote cardio-respiratory health monitoring of neonates. However, reliable monitoring requires high-quality heart and lung sounds. This paper presents novel Non-negative Matrix Factorisation (NMF) and Non-negative Matrix Co-Factorisation (NMCF) methods for neonatal chest sound separation. To assess these methods and compare with existing single-source separation methods, an artificial mixture dataset was generated comprising of heart, lung and noise sounds. Signal-to-noise ratios were then calculated for these artificial mixtures. These methods were also tested on real-world noisy neonatal chest sounds and assessed based on vital sign estimation error and a signal quality score of 1-5 developed in our previous works. Additionally, the computational cost of all methods was assessed to determine the applicability for real-time processing. Overall, both the proposed NMF and NMCF methods outperform the next best existing method by 2.7dB to 11.6dB for the artificial dataset and 0.40 to 1.12 signal quality improvement for the real-world dataset. The median processing time for the sound separation of a 10s recording was found to be 28.3s for NMCF and 342ms for NMF. Because of stable and robust performance, we believe that our proposed methods are useful to denoise neonatal heart and lung sound in a real-world environment. Codes for proposed and existing methods can be found at: https://github.com/egrooby-monash/Heart-and-Lung-Sound-Separation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MyoPS: A Benchmark of Myocardial Pathology Segmentation Combining Three-Sequence Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03186">arxiv:2201.03186</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lei Li, Fuping Wu, Sihan Wang, Xinzhe Luo, Carlos Martin-Isla, Shuwei Zhai, Jianpeng Zhang, Yanfei Liu7, Zhen Zhang, Markus J. Ankenbrand, Haochuan Jiang, Xiaoran Zhang, Linhong Wang, Tewodros Weldebirhan Arega, Elif Altunok, Zhou Zhao, Feiyan Li, Jun Ma, Xiaoping Yang, Elodie Puybareau, Ilkay Oksuz, Stephanie Bricq, Weisheng Li, Kumaradevan Punithakumar, Sotirios A. Tsaftaris</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Assessment of myocardial viability is essential in diagnosis and treatment management of patients suffering from myocardial infarction, and classification of pathology on myocardium is the key to this assessment. This work defines a new task of medical image analysis, i.e., to perform myocardial pathology segmentation (MyoPS) combining three-sequence cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) images, which was first proposed in the MyoPS challenge, in conjunction with MICCAI 2020. The challenge provided 45 paired and pre-aligned CMR images, allowing algorithms to combine the complementary information from the three CMR sequences for pathology segmentation. In this article, we provide details of the challenge, survey the works from fifteen participants and interpret their methods according to five aspects, i.e., preprocessing, data augmentation, learning strategy, model architecture and post-processing. In addition, we analyze the results with respect to different factors, in order to examine the key obstacles and explore potential of solutions, as well as to provide a benchmark for future research. We conclude that while promising results have been reported, the research is still in the early stage, and more in-depth exploration is needed before a successful application to the clinics. Note that MyoPS data and evaluation tool continue to be publicly available upon registration via its homepage (www.sdspeople.fudan.edu.cn/zhuangxiahai/0/myops20/).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Communication-Efficient Federated Learning with Acceleration of Global Momentum</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03172">arxiv:2201.03172</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Geeho Kim, Jinkyu Kim, Bohyung Han</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning often suffers from unstable and slow convergence due to heterogeneous characteristics of participating clients. Such tendency is aggravated when the client participation ratio is low since the information collected from the clients at each round is prone to be more inconsistent. To tackle the challenge, we propose a novel federated learning framework, which improves the stability of the server-side aggregation step, which is achieved by sending the clients an accelerated model estimated with the global gradient to guide the local gradient updates. Our algorithm naturally aggregates and conveys the global update information to participants with no additional communication cost and does not require to store the past models in the clients. We also regularize local update to further reduce the bias and improve the stability of local updates. We perform comprehensive empirical studies on real data under various settings and demonstrate the remarkable performance of the proposed method in terms of accuracy and communication-efficiency compared to the state-of-the-art methods, especially with low client participation rates. Our code is available at https://github.com/ ninigapa0/FedAGM

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving ECG Classification Interpretability using Saliency Maps</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.04070">arxiv:2201.04070</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yola Jones, Fani Deligianni, Jeff Dalton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cardiovascular disease is a large worldwide healthcare issue; symptoms often present suddenly with minimal warning. The electrocardiogram (ECG) is a fast, simple and reliable method of evaluating the health of the heart, by measuring electrical activity recorded through electrodes placed on the skin. ECGs often need to be analyzed by a cardiologist, taking time which could be spent on improving patient care and outcomes. Because of this, automatic ECG classification systems using machine learning have been proposed, which can learn complex interactions between ECG features and use this to detect abnormalities. However, algorithms built for this purpose often fail to generalize well to unseen data, reporting initially impressive results which drop dramatically when applied to new environments. Additionally, machine learning algorithms suffer a "black-box" issue, in which it is difficult to determine how a decision has been made. This is vital for applications in healthcare, as clinicians need to be able to verify the process of evaluation in order to trust the algorithm. This paper proposes a method for visualizing model decisions across each class in the MIT-BIH arrhythmia dataset, using adapted saliency maps averaged across complete classes to determine what patterns are being learned. We do this by building two algorithms based on state-of-the-art models. This paper highlights how these maps can be used to find problems in the model which could be affecting generalizability and model performance. Comparing saliency maps across complete classes gives an overall impression of confounding variables or other biases in the model, unlike what would be highlighted when comparing saliency maps on an ECG-by-ECG basis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ExBrainable: An Open-Source GUI for CNN-based EEG Decoding and Model Interpretation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.04065">arxiv:2201.04065</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ya-Lin Huang, Chia-Ying Hsieh, Jian-Xue Huang, Chun-Shu Wei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We have developed a graphic user interface (GUI), ExBrainable, dedicated to convolutional neural networks (CNN) model training and visualization in electroencephalography (EEG) decoding. Available functions include model training, evaluation, and parameter visualization in terms of temporal and spatial representations. We demonstrate these functions using a well-studied public dataset of motor-imagery EEG and compare the results with existing knowledge of neuroscience. The primary objective of ExBrainable is to provide a fast, simplified, and user-friendly solution of EEG decoding for investigators across disciplines to leverage cutting-edge methods in brain/neuroscience research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Investigating internal migration with network analysis and latent space representations: An application to Turkey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03543">arxiv:2201.03543</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Furkan Gürsoy, Bertan Badur</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human migration patterns influence the redistribution of population characteristics over the geography and since such distributions are closely related to social and economic outcomes, investigating the structure and dynamics of internal migration plays a crucial role in understanding and designing policies for such systems. We provide an in-depth investigation into the structure and dynamics of the internal migration in Turkey from 2008 to 2020. We identify a set of classical migration laws and examine them via various methods for signed network analysis, ego network analysis, representation learning, temporal stability analysis, community detection, and network visualization. The findings show that, in line with the classical migration laws, most migration links are geographically bounded with several exceptions involving cities with large economic activity, major migration flows are countered with migration flows in the opposite direction, there are well-defined migration routes, and the migration system is generally stable over the investigated period. Apart from these general results, we also provide unique and specific insights into Turkey. Overall, the novel toolset we employ for the first time in the literature allows the investigation of selected migration laws from a complex networks perspective and sheds light on future migration research on different geographies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multiplayer Performative Prediction: Learning in Decision-Dependent Games</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03398">arxiv:2201.03398</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Adhyyan Narang, Evan Faulkner, Dmitriy Drusvyatskiy, Maryam Fazel, Lillian J. Ratliff</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning problems commonly exhibit an interesting feedback mechanism wherein the population data reacts to competing decision makers' actions. This paper formulates a new game theoretic framework for this phenomenon, called multi-player performative prediction. We focus on two distinct solution concepts, namely (i) performatively stable equilibria and (ii) Nash equilibria of the game. The latter equilibria are arguably more informative, but can be found efficiently only when the game is monotone. We show that under mild assumptions, the performatively stable equilibria can be found efficiently by a variety of algorithms, including repeated retraining and repeated (stochastic) gradient play. We then establish transparent sufficient conditions for strong monotonicity of the game and use them to develop algorithms for finding Nash equilibria. We investigate derivative free methods and adaptive gradient algorithms wherein each player alternates between learning a parametric description of their distribution and gradient steps on the empirical risk. Synthetic and semi-synthetic numerical experiments illustrate the results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A statistical shape model for radiation-free assessment and classification of craniosynostosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03288">arxiv:2201.03288</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Matthias Schaufelberger, Reinald Peter Kühle, Andreas Wachter, Frederic Weichel, Niclas Hagen, Friedemann Ringwald, Urs Eisenmann, Jürgen Hoffmann, Michael Engel, Christian Freudlsperger, Werner Nahm</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The assessment of craniofacial deformities requires patient data which is sparsely available. Statistical shape models provide realistic and synthetic data enabling comparisons of existing methods on a common dataset.
  We build the first publicly available statistical 3D head model of craniosynostosis patients and the first model focusing on infants younger than 1.5 years. For correspondence establishment, we test and evaluate four template morphing approaches. We further present an original, shape-model-based classification approach for craniosynostosis on photogrammetric surface scans. To the best of our knowledge, our study uses the largest dataset of craniosynostosis patients in a classification study for craniosynostosis and statistical shape modeling to date.
  We demonstrate that our shape model performs similar to other statistical shape models of the human head. Craniosynostosis-specific pathologies are represented in the first eigenmodes of the model. Regarding the automatic classification of craniosynostis, our classification approach yields an accuracy of 97.3%, comparable to other state-of-the-art methods using both computed tomography scans and stereophotogrammetry.
  Our publicly available, craniosynostosis-specific statistical shape model enables the assessment of craniosynostosis on realistic and synthetic data. We further present a state-of-the-art shape-model-based classification approach for a radiation-free diagnosis of craniosynostosis.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>IoTGAN: GAN Powered Camouflage Against Machine Learning Based IoT Device Identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03281">arxiv:2201.03281</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tao Hou, Tao Wang, Zhuo Lu, Yao Liu, Yalin Sagduyu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the proliferation of IoT devices, researchers have developed a variety of IoT device identification methods with the assistance of machine learning. Nevertheless, the security of these identification methods mostly depends on collected training data. In this research, we propose a novel attack strategy named IoTGAN to manipulate an IoT device's traffic such that it can evade machine learning based IoT device identification. In the development of IoTGAN, we have two major technical challenges: (i) How to obtain the discriminative model in a black-box setting, and (ii) How to add perturbations to IoT traffic through the manipulative model, so as to evade the identification while not influencing the functionality of IoT devices. To address these challenges, a neural network based substitute model is used to fit the target model in black-box settings, it works as a discriminative model in IoTGAN. A manipulative model is trained to add adversarial perturbations into the IoT device's traffic to evade the substitute model. Experimental results show that IoTGAN can successfully achieve the attack goals. We also develop efficient countermeasures to protect machine learning based IoT device identification from been undermined by IoTGAN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GridTuner: Reinvestigate Grid Size Selection for Spatiotemporal Prediction Models [Technical Report]</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03244">arxiv:2201.03244</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jiabao Jin, Peng Cheng, Lei Chen, Xuemin Lin, Wenjie Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the development of traffic prediction technology, spatiotemporal prediction models have attracted more and more attention from academia communities and industry. However, most existing researches focus on reducing model's prediction error but ignore the error caused by the uneven distribution of spatial events within a region. In this paper, we study a region partitioning problem, namely optimal grid size selection problem (OGSS), which aims to minimize the real error of spatiotemporal prediction models by selecting the optimal grid size. In order to solve OGSS, we analyze the upper bound of real error of spatiotemporal prediction models and minimize the real error by minimizing its upper bound. Through in-depth analysis, we find that the upper bound of real error will decrease then increase when the number of model grids increase from 1 to the maximum allowed value. Then, we propose two algorithms, namely Ternary Search and Iterative Method, to automatically find the optimal grid size. Finally, the experiments verify that the error of prediction has the same trend as its upper bound, and the change trend of the upper bound of real error with respect to the increase of the number of model grids will decrease then increase. Meanwhile, in a case study, by selecting the optimal grid size, the order dispatching results of a state-of-the-art prediction-based algorithm can be improved up to 13.6%, which shows the effectiveness of our methods on tuning the region partition for spatiotemporal prediction models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predictions of Reynolds and Nusselt numbers in turbulent convection using machine-learning models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03200">arxiv:2201.03200</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shashwat Bhattacharya, Mahendra K Verma, Arnab Bhattacharya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we develop a multivariate regression model and a neural network model to predict the Reynolds number (Re) and Nusselt number in turbulent thermal convection. We compare their predictions with those of earlier models of convection: Grossmann-Lohse~[Phys. Rev. Lett. \textbf{86}, 3316 (2001)], revised Grossmann-Lohse~[Phys. Fluids \textbf{33}, 015113 (2021)], and Pandey-Verma [Phys. Rev. E \textbf{94}, 053106 (2016)] models. We observe that although the predictions of all the models are quite close to each other, the machine learning models developed in this work provide the best match with the experimental and numerical results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>End-to-end lossless compression of high precision depth maps guided by pseudo-residual</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03195">arxiv:2201.03195</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yuyang Wu, Wei Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As a fundamental data format representing spatial information, depth map is widely used in signal processing and computer vision fields. Massive amount of high precision depth maps are produced with the rapid development of equipment like laser scanner or LiDAR. Therefore, it is urgent to explore a new compression method with better compression ratio for high precision depth maps. Utilizing the wide spread deep learning environment, we propose an end-to-end learning-based lossless compression method for high precision depth maps. The whole process is comprised of two sub-processes, named pre-processing of depth maps and deep lossless compression of processed depth maps. The deep lossless compression network consists of two sub-networks, named lossy compression network and lossless compression network. We leverage the concept of pseudo-residual to guide the generation of distribution for residual and avoid introducing context models. Our end-to-end lossless compression network achieves competitive performance over engineered codecs and has low computational cost.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Simulation Platform for Multi-tenant Machine Learning Services on Thousands of GPUs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03175">arxiv:2201.03175</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ruofan Liang, Bingsheng He, Shengen Yan, Peng Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-tenant machine learning services have become emerging data-intensive workloads in data centers with heavy usage of GPU resources. Due to the large scale, many tuning parameters and heavy resource usage, it is usually impractical to evaluate and benchmark those machine learning services on real clusters. In this demonstration, we present AnalySIM, a cluster simulator that allows efficient design explorations for multi-tenant machine learning services. Specifically, by trace-driven cluster workload simulation, AnalySIM can easily test and analyze various scheduling policies in a number of performance metrics such as GPU resource utilization. AnalySIM simulates the cluster computational resource based on both physical topology and logical partition. The tool has been used in SenseTime to understand the impact of different scheduling policies with the trace from a real production cluster of over 1000 GPUs. We find that preemption and migration are able to significantly reduce average job completion time and mitigate the resource fragmentation problem.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fairness Score and Process Standardization: Framework for Fairness Certification in Artificial Intelligence Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.06952">arxiv:2201.06952</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Avinash Agarwal, Harsh Agarwal, Nihaarika Agarwal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Decisions made by various Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems greatly influence our day-to-day lives. With the increasing use of AI systems, it becomes crucial to know that they are fair, identify the underlying biases in their decision-making, and create a standardized framework to ascertain their fairness. In this paper, we propose a novel Fairness Score to measure the fairness of a data-driven AI system and a Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for issuing Fairness Certification for such systems. Fairness Score and audit process standardization will ensure quality, reduce ambiguity, enable comparison and improve the trustworthiness of the AI systems. It will also provide a framework to operationalise the concept of fairness and facilitate the commercial deployment of such systems. Furthermore, a Fairness Certificate issued by a designated third-party auditing agency following the standardized process would boost the conviction of the organizations in the AI systems that they intend to deploy. The Bias Index proposed in this paper also reveals comparative bias amongst the various protected attributes within the dataset. To substantiate the proposed framework, we iteratively train a model on biased and unbiased data using multiple datasets and check that the Fairness Score and the proposed process correctly identify the biases and judge the fairness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Dataset Nutrition Label (2nd Gen): Leveraging Context to Mitigate Harms in Artificial Intelligence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03954">arxiv:2201.03954</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Kasia S. Chmielinski, Sarah Newman, Matt Taylor, Josh Joseph, Kemi Thomas, Jessica Yurkofsky, Yue Chelsea Qiu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As the production of and reliance on datasets to produce automated decision-making systems (ADS) increases, so does the need for processes for evaluating and interrogating the underlying data. After launching the Dataset Nutrition Label in 2018, the Data Nutrition Project has made significant updates to the design and purpose of the Label, and is launching an updated Label in late 2020, which is previewed in this paper. The new Label includes context-specific Use Cases &Alerts presented through an updated design and user interface targeted towards the data scientist profile. This paper discusses the harm and bias from underlying training data that the Label is intended to mitigate, the current state of the work including new datasets being labeled, new and existing challenges, and further directions of the work, as well as Figures previewing the new label.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Permuted and Unlinked Monotone Regression in $\mathbb{R}^d$: an approach based on mixture modeling and optimal transport</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03528">arxiv:2201.03528</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Martin Slawski, Bodhisattva Sen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Suppose that we have a regression problem with response variable Y in $\mathbb{R}^d$ and predictor X in $\mathbb{R}^d$, for $d \geq 1$. In permuted or unlinked regression we have access to separate unordered data on X and Y, as opposed to data on (X,Y)-pairs in usual regression. So far in the literature the case $d=1$ has received attention, see e.g., the recent papers by Rigollet and Weed [Information & Inference, 8, 619--717] and Balabdaoui et al. [J. Mach. Learn. Res., 22(172), 1--60]. In this paper, we consider the general multivariate setting with $d \geq 1$. We show that the notion of cyclical monotonicity of the regression function is sufficient for identification and estimation in the permuted/unlinked regression model. We study permutation recovery in the permuted regression setting and develop a computationally efficient and easy-to-use algorithm for denoising based on the Kiefer-Wolfowitz [Ann. Math. Statist., 27, 887--906] nonparametric maximum likelihood estimator and techniques from the theory of optimal transport. We provide explicit upper bounds on the associated mean squared denoising error for Gaussian noise. As in previous work on the case $d = 1$, the permuted/unlinked setting involves slow (logarithmic) rates of convergence rooting in the underlying deconvolution problem. Numerical studies corroborate our theoretical analysis and show that the proposed approach performs at least on par with the methods in the aforementioned prior work in the case $d = 1$ while achieving substantial reductions in terms of computational complexity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Polish Natural Language Inference and Factivity -- an Expert-based Dataset and Benchmarks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03521">arxiv:2201.03521</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Daniel Ziembicki, Anna Wróblewska, Karolina Seweryn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite recent breakthroughs in Machine Learning for Natural Language Processing, the Natural Language Inference (NLI) problems still constitute a challenge. To this purpose we contribute a new dataset that focuses exclusively on the factivity phenomenon; however, our task remains the same as other NLI tasks, i.e. prediction of entailment, contradiction or neutral (ECN). The dataset contains entirely natural language utterances in Polish and gathers 2,432 verb-complement pairs and 309 unique verbs. The dataset is based on the National Corpus of Polish (NKJP) and is a representative sample in regards to frequency of main verbs and other linguistic features (e.g. occurrence of internal negation). We found that transformer BERT-based models working on sentences obtained relatively good results ($\approx89\%$ F1 score). Even though better results were achieved using linguistic features ($\approx91\%$ F1 score), this model requires more human labour (humans in the loop) because features were prepared manually by expert linguists. BERT-based models consuming only the input sentences show that they capture most of the complexity of NLI/factivity. Complex cases in the phenomenon - e.g. cases with entitlement (E) and non-factive verbs - remain an open issue for further research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Differentially Private $\ell_1$-norm Linear Regression with Heavy-tailed Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03204">arxiv:2201.03204</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Di Wang, Jinhui Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the problem of Differentially Private Stochastic Convex Optimization (DP-SCO) with heavy-tailed data. Specifically, we focus on the $\ell_1$-norm linear regression in the $ε$-DP model. While most of the previous work focuses on the case where the loss function is Lipschitz, here we only need to assume the variates has bounded moments. Firstly, we study the case where the $\ell_2$ norm of data has bounded second order moment. We propose an algorithm which is based on the exponential mechanism and show that it is possible to achieve an upper bound of $\tilde{O}(\sqrt{\frac{d}{nε}})$ (with high probability). Next, we relax the assumption to bounded $θ$-th order moment with some $θ\in (1, 2)$ and show that it is possible to achieve an upper bound of $\tilde{O}(({\frac{d}{nε}})^\frac{θ-1}θ)$. Our algorithms can also be extended to more relaxed cases where only each coordinate of the data has bounded moments, and we can get an upper bound of $\tilde{O}({\frac{d}{\sqrt{nε}}})$ and $\tilde{O}({\frac{d}{({nε})^\frac{θ-1}θ}})$ in the second and $θ$-th moment case respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Non-Asymptotic Guarantees for Robust Statistical Learning under $(1+\varepsilon)$-th Moment Assumption</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03182">arxiv:2201.03182</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Lihu Xu, Fang Yao, Qiuran Yao, Huiming Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There has been a surge of interest in developing robust estimators for models with heavy-tailed data in statistics and machine learning. This paper proposes a log-truncated M-estimator for a large family of statistical regressions and establishes its excess risk bound under the condition that the data have $(1+\varepsilon)$-th moment with $\varepsilon \in (0,1]$. With an additional assumption on the associated risk function, we obtain an $\ell_2$-error bound for the estimation. Our theorems are applied to establish robust M-estimators for concrete regressions. Besides convex regressions such as quantile regression and generalized linear models, many non-convex regressions can also be fit into our theorems, we focus on robust deep neural network regressions, which can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent algorithms. Simulations and real data analysis demonstrate the superiority of log-truncated estimations over standard estimations.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.01.09]({{ '/2022/01/09/2022.01.09.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.01.11]({{ '/2022/01/11/2022.01.11.html' | relative_url }})