Prev: [2022.10.08]({{ '/2022/10/08/2022.10.08.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.10.10]({{ '/2022/10/10/2022.10.10.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-10-09, created on 2022-10-13


<details><summary><b>Creating a Dynamic Quadrupedal Robotic Goalkeeper with Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04435">arxiv:2210.04435</a>
&#x1F4C8; 48 <br>
<p>Xiaoyu Huang, Zhongyu Li, Yanzhen Xiang, Yiming Ni, Yufeng Chi, Yunhao Li, Lizhi Yang, Xue Bin Peng, Koushil Sreenath</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a reinforcement learning (RL) framework that enables quadrupedal robots to perform soccer goalkeeping tasks in the real world. Soccer goalkeeping using quadrupeds is a challenging problem, that combines highly dynamic locomotion with precise and fast non-prehensile object (ball) manipulation. The robot needs to react to and intercept a potentially flying ball using dynamic locomotion maneuvers in a very short amount of time, usually less than one second. In this paper, we propose to address this problem using a hierarchical model-free RL framework. The first component of the framework contains multiple control policies for distinct locomotion skills, which can be used to cover different regions of the goal. Each control policy enables the robot to track random parametric end-effector trajectories while performing one specific locomotion skill, such as jump, dive, and sidestep. These skills are then utilized by the second part of the framework which is a high-level planner to determine a desired skill and end-effector trajectory in order to intercept a ball flying to different regions of the goal. We deploy the proposed framework on a Mini Cheetah quadrupedal robot and demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework for various agile interceptions of a fast-moving ball in the real world.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Residual Neural Networks for the Prediction of Planetary Collision Outcomes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04248">arxiv:2210.04248</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Philip M. Winter, Christoph Burger, Sebastian Lehner, Johannes Kofler, Thomas I. Maindl, Christoph M. Schäfer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fast and accurate treatment of collisions in the context of modern N-body planet formation simulations remains a challenging task due to inherently complex collision processes. We aim to tackle this problem with machine learning (ML), in particular via residual neural networks. Our model is motivated by the underlying physical processes of the data-generating process and allows for flexible prediction of post-collision states. We demonstrate that our model outperforms commonly used collision handling methods such as perfect inelastic merging and feed-forward neural networks in both prediction accuracy and out-of-distribution generalization. Our model outperforms the current state of the art in 20/24 experiments. We provide a dataset that consists of 10164 Smooth Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) simulations of pairwise planetary collisions. The dataset is specifically suited for ML research to improve computational aspects for collision treatment and for studying planetary collisions in general. We formulate the ML task as a multi-task regression problem, allowing simple, yet efficient training of ML models for collision treatment in an end-to-end manner. Our models can be easily integrated into existing N-body frameworks and can be used within our chosen parameter space of initial conditions, i.e. where similar-sized collisions during late-stage terrestrial planet formation typically occur.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>KSAT: Knowledge-infused Self Attention Transformer -- Integrating Multiple Domain-Specific Contexts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04307">arxiv:2210.04307</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Kaushik Roy, Yuxin Zi, Vignesh Narayanan, Manas Gaur, Amit Sheth</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Domain-specific language understanding requires integrating multiple pieces of relevant contextual information. For example, we see both suicide and depression-related behavior (multiple contexts) in the text ``I have a gun and feel pretty bad about my life, and it wouldn't be the worst thing if I didn't wake up tomorrow''. Domain specificity in self-attention architectures is handled by fine-tuning on excerpts from relevant domain specific resources (datasets and external knowledge - medical textbook chapters on mental health diagnosis related to suicide and depression). We propose a modified self-attention architecture Knowledge-infused Self Attention Transformer (KSAT) that achieves the integration of multiple domain-specific contexts through the use of external knowledge sources. KSAT introduces knowledge-guided biases in dedicated self-attention layers for each knowledge source to accomplish this. In addition, KSAT provides mechanics for controlling the trade-off between learning from data and learning from knowledge. Our quantitative and qualitative evaluations show that (1) the KSAT architecture provides novel human-understandable ways to precisely measure and visualize the contributions of the infused domain contexts, and (2) KSAT performs competitively with other knowledge-infused baselines and significantly outperforms baselines that use fine-tuning for domain-specific tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepMed: Semiparametric Causal Mediation Analysis with Debiased Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04389">arxiv:2210.04389</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Siqi Xu, Lin Liu, Zhonghua Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Causal mediation analysis can unpack the black box of causality and is therefore a powerful tool for disentangling causal pathways in biomedical and social sciences, and also for evaluating machine learning fairness. To reduce bias for estimating Natural Direct and Indirect Effects in mediation analysis, we propose a new method called DeepMed that uses deep neural networks (DNNs) to cross-fit the infinite-dimensional nuisance functions in the efficient influence functions. We obtain novel theoretical results that our DeepMed method (1) can achieve semiparametric efficiency bound without imposing sparsity constraints on the DNN architecture and (2) can adapt to certain low dimensional structures of the nuisance functions, significantly advancing the existing literature on DNN-based semiparametric causal inference. Extensive synthetic experiments are conducted to support our findings and also expose the gap between theory and practice. As a proof of concept, we apply DeepMed to analyze two real datasets on machine learning fairness and reach conclusions consistent with previous findings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Differentiable Distance Approximation for Fairer Image Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04369">arxiv:2210.04369</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Nicholas Rosa, Tom Drummond, Mehrtash Harandi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Naively trained AI models can be heavily biased. This can be particularly problematic when the biases involve legally or morally protected attributes such as ethnic background, age or gender. Existing solutions to this problem come at the cost of extra computation, unstable adversarial optimisation or have losses on the feature space structure that are disconnected from fairness measures and only loosely generalise to fairness. In this work we propose a differentiable approximation of the variance of demographics, a metric that can be used to measure the bias, or unfairness, in an AI model. Our approximation can be optimised alongside the regular training objective which eliminates the need for any extra models during training and directly improves the fairness of the regularised models. We demonstrate that our approach improves the fairness of AI models in varied task and dataset scenarios, whilst still maintaining a high level of classification accuracy. Code is available at https://bitbucket.org/nelliottrosa/base_fairness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Nonlinear Sufficient Dimension Reduction with a Stochastic Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04349">arxiv:2210.04349</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Siqi Liang, Yan Sun, Faming Liang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sufficient dimension reduction is a powerful tool to extract core information hidden in the high-dimensional data and has potentially many important applications in machine learning tasks. However, the existing nonlinear sufficient dimension reduction methods often lack the scalability necessary for dealing with large-scale data. We propose a new type of stochastic neural network under a rigorous probabilistic framework and show that it can be used for sufficient dimension reduction for large-scale data. The proposed stochastic neural network is trained using an adaptive stochastic gradient Markov chain Monte Carlo algorithm, whose convergence is rigorously studied in the paper as well. Through extensive experiments on real-world classification and regression problems, we show that the proposed method compares favorably with the existing state-of-the-art sufficient dimension reduction methods and is computationally more efficient for large-scale data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prediction interval for neural network models using weighted asymmetric loss functions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04318">arxiv:2210.04318</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Milo Grillo, Agnieszka Werpachowska</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a novel and simple method to produce prediction intervals (PIs) for fitting and forecasting exercises. It finds the lower and upper bound of the intervals by minimising a weighted asymmetric loss function, where the weight depends on the width of the interval. We give a short mathematical proof. As a corollary of our proof, we find PIs for values restricted to a parameterised function and argue why the method works for predicting PIs of dependent variables. The results of applying the method on a neural network deployed in a real-world forecasting task prove the validity of its practical implementation in complex machine learning setups.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Are All Vision Models Created Equal? A Study of the Open-Loop to Closed-Loop Causality Gap</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04303">arxiv:2210.04303</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mathias Lechner, Ramin Hasani, Alexander Amini, Tsun-Hsuan Wang, Thomas A. Henzinger, Daniela Rus</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is an ever-growing zoo of modern neural network models that can efficiently learn end-to-end control from visual observations. These advanced deep models, ranging from convolutional to patch-based networks, have been extensively tested on offline image classification and regression tasks. In this paper, we study these vision architectures with respect to the open-loop to closed-loop causality gap, i.e., offline training followed by an online closed-loop deployment. This causality gap typically emerges in robotics applications such as autonomous driving, where a network is trained to imitate the control commands of a human. In this setting, two situations arise: 1) Closed-loop testing in-distribution, where the test environment shares properties with those of offline training data. 2) Closed-loop testing under distribution shifts and out-of-distribution. Contrary to recently reported results, we show that under proper training guidelines, all vision models perform indistinguishably well on in-distribution deployment, resolving the causality gap. In situation 2, We observe that the causality gap disrupts performance regardless of the choice of the model architecture. Our results imply that the causality gap can be solved in situation one with our proposed training guideline with any modern network architecture, whereas achieving out-of-distribution generalization (situation two) requires further investigations, for instance, on data diversity rather than the model architecture.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Regularizing Score-based Models with Score Fokker-Planck Equations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04296">arxiv:2210.04296</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Chieh-Hsin Lai, Yuhta Takida, Naoki Murata, Toshimitsu Uesaka, Yuki Mitsufuji, Stefano Ermon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Score-based generative models learn a family of noise-conditional score functions corresponding to the data density perturbed with increasingly large amounts of noise. These pertubed data densities are tied together by the Fokker-Planck equation (FPE), a PDE governing the spatial-temporal evolution of a density undergoing a diffusion process. In this work, we derive a corresponding equation characterizing the noise-conditional scores of the perturbed data densities (i.e., their gradients), termed the score FPE. Surprisingly, despite impressive empirical performance, we observe that scores learned via denoising score matching (DSM) do not satisfy the underlying score FPE. We mathematically analyze two implications of satisfying the score FPE and a potential explanation for why the score FPE is not satisfied in practice. At last, we propose to regularize the DSM objective to enforce satisfaction of the score FPE, and show its effectiveness on synthetic data and MNIST.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Concentration Bound for Distributed Stochastic Approximation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04253">arxiv:2210.04253</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Harsh Dolhare, Vivek Borkar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We revisit the classical model of Tsitsiklis, Bertsekas and Athans for distributed stochastic approximation with consensus. The main result is an analysis of this scheme using the ODE approach to stochastic approximation, leading to a high probability bound for the tracking error between suitably interpolated iterates and the limiting differential equation. Several future directions will also be highlighted.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MAMO: Masked Multimodal Modeling for Fine-Grained Vision-Language Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04183">arxiv:2210.04183</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zijia Zhao, Longteng Guo, Xingjian He, Shuai Shao, Zehuan Yuan, Jing Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multimodal representation learning has shown promising improvements on various vision-language tasks. Most existing methods excel at building global-level alignment between vision and language while lacking effective fine-grained image-text interaction. In this paper, we propose a jointly masked multimodal modeling method to learn fine-grained multimodal representations. Our method performs joint masking on image-text input and integrates both implicit and explicit targets for the masked signals to recover. The implicit target provides a unified and debiased objective for vision and language, where the model predicts latent multimodal representations of the unmasked input. The explicit target further enriches the multimodal representations by recovering high-level and semantically meaningful information: momentum visual features of image patches and concepts of word tokens. Through such a masked modeling process, our model not only learns fine-grained multimodal interaction, but also avoids the semantic gap between high-level representations and low- or mid-level prediction targets (e.g. image pixels), thus producing semantically rich multimodal representations that perform well on both zero-shot and fine-tuned settings. Our pre-trained model (named MAMO) achieves state-of-the-art performance on various downstream vision-language tasks, including image-text retrieval, visual question answering, visual reasoning, and weakly-supervised visual grounding.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scaling Up Probabilistic Circuits by Latent Variable Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04398">arxiv:2210.04398</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Anji Liu, Honghua Zhang, Guy Van den Broeck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Probabilistic Circuits (PCs) are a unified framework for tractable probabilistic models that support efficient computation of various probabilistic queries (e.g., marginal probabilities). One key challenge is to scale PCs to model large and high-dimensional real-world datasets: we observe that as the number of parameters in PCs increases, their performance immediately plateaus. This phenomenon suggests that the existing optimizers fail to exploit the full expressive power of large PCs. We propose to overcome such bottleneck by latent variable distillation: we leverage the less tractable but more expressive deep generative models to provide extra supervision over the latent variables of PCs. Specifically, we extract information from Transformer-based generative models to assign values to latent variables of PCs, providing guidance to PC optimizers. Experiments on both image and language modeling benchmarks (e.g., ImageNet and WikiText-2) show that latent variable distillation substantially boosts the performance of large PCs compared to their counterparts without latent variable distillation. In particular, on the image modeling benchmarks, PCs achieve competitive performance against some of the widely-used deep generative models, including variational autoencoders and flow-based models, opening up new avenues for tractable generative modeling.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Parameter-Efficient Tuning with Special Token Adaptation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04382">arxiv:2210.04382</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xiaoocong Yang, James Y. Huang, Wenxuan Zhou, Muhao Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Parameter-efficient tuning aims at updating only a small subset of parameters when adapting a pretrained model to downstream tasks. In this work, we introduce PASTA, in which we only modify the special token representations (e.g., [SEP] and [CLS] in BERT) before the self-attention module at each layer in Transformer-based models. PASTA achieves comparable performance to fine-tuning in natural language understanding tasks including text classification and NER with up to only 0.029% of total parameters trained. Our work not only provides a simple yet effective way of parameter-efficient tuning, which has a wide range of practical applications when deploying finetuned models for multiple tasks, but also demonstrates the pivotal role of special tokens in pretrained language models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Detailed Study of Interpretability of Deep Neural Network based Top Taggers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04371">arxiv:2210.04371</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ayush Khot, Mark S. Neubauer, Avik Roy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent developments in the methods of explainable AI (xAI) methods allow us to explore the inner workings of deep neural networks (DNNs), revealing crucial information about input-output relationships and realizing how data connects with machine learning models. In this paper we explore interpretability of DNN models designed for identifying jets coming from top quark decay in the high energy proton-proton collisions at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). We review a subset of existing such top tagger models and explore different quantitative methods to identify which features play the most important roles in identifying the top jets. We also investigate how and why feature importance varies across different xAI metrics, how feature correlations impact their explainability, and how latent space representations encode information as well as correlate with physically meaningful quantities. Our studies uncover some major pitfalls of existing xAI methods and illustrate how they can be overcome to obtain consistent and meaningful interpretation of these models. We additionally illustrate the activity of hidden layers as Neural Activation Pattern (NAP) diagrams and demonstrate how they can be used to understand how DNNs relay information across the layers and how this understanding can help us to make such models significantly simpler by allowing effective model reoptimization and hyperparameter tuning. While the primary focus of this work remains a detailed study of interpretability of DNN-based top tagger models, it also features state-of-the art performance obtained from modified implementation of existing networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Computational Choreography using Human Motion Synthesis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04366">arxiv:2210.04366</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Patrick Perrine, Trevor Kirkby</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Should deep learning models be trained to analyze human performance art? To help answer this question, we explore an application of deep neural networks to synthesize artistic human motion. Problem tasks in human motion synthesis can include predicting the motions of humans in-the-wild, as well as generating new sequences of motions based on said predictions. We will discuss the potential of a less traditional application, where learning models are applied to predicting dance movements. There have been notable, recent efforts to analyze dance movements in a computational light, such as the Everybody Dance Now (EDN) learning model and a recent Cal Poly master's thesis, Take The Lead (TTL). We have effectively combined these two works along with our own deep neural network to produce a new system for dance motion prediction, image-to-image translation, and video generation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hypergraph-based Multi-Robot Task and Motion Planning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04333">arxiv:2210.04333</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>James Motes, Tan Chen, Timothy Bretl, Marco Morales, Nancy M. Amato</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a multi-robot task and motion planning method that, when applied to the rearrangement of objects by manipulators, produces solution times up to three orders of magnitude faster than existing methods. We achieve this improvement by decomposing the planning space into subspaces for independent manipulators, objects, and manipulators holding objects. We represent this decomposition with a hypergraph where vertices are substates and hyperarcs are transitions between substates. Existing methods use graph-based representations where vertices are full states and edges are transitions between states. Using the hypergraph reduces the size of the planning space-for multi-manipulator object rearrangement, the number of hypergraph vertices scales linearly with the number of either robots or objects, while the number of hyperarcs scales quadratically with the number of robots and linearly with the number of objects. In contrast, the number of vertices and edges in graph-based representations scale exponentially in the number of robots and objects. Additionally, the hypergraph provides a structure to reason over varying levels of (de)coupled spaces and transitions between them enabling a hybrid search of the planning space. We show that similar gains can be achieved for other multi-robot task and motion planning problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Spectral Approach to Item Response Theory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04317">arxiv:2210.04317</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Duc Nguyen, Anderson Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Rasch model is one of the most fundamental models in \emph{item response theory} and has wide-ranging applications from education testing to recommendation systems. In a universe with $n$ users and $m$ items, the Rasch model assumes that the binary response $X_{li} \in \{0,1\}$ of a user $l$ with parameter $θ^*_l$ to an item $i$ with parameter $β^*_i$ (e.g., a user likes a movie, a student correctly solves a problem) is distributed as $\Pr(X_{li}=1) = 1/(1 + \exp{-(θ^*_l - β^*_i)})$. In this paper, we propose a \emph{new item estimation} algorithm for this celebrated model (i.e., to estimate $β^*$). The core of our algorithm is the computation of the stationary distribution of a Markov chain defined on an item-item graph. We complement our algorithmic contributions with finite-sample error guarantees, the first of their kind in the literature, showing that our algorithm is consistent and enjoys favorable optimality properties. We discuss practical modifications to accelerate and robustify the algorithm that practitioners can adopt. Experiments on synthetic and real-life datasets, ranging from small education testing datasets to large recommendation systems datasets show that our algorithm is scalable, accurate, and competitive with the most commonly used methods in the literature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pruning Adversarially Robust Neural Networks without Adversarial Examples</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04311">arxiv:2210.04311</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Tong Jian, Zifeng Wang, Yanzhi Wang, Jennifer Dy, Stratis Ioannidis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adversarial pruning compresses models while preserving robustness. Current methods require access to adversarial examples during pruning. This significantly hampers training efficiency. Moreover, as new adversarial attacks and training methods develop at a rapid rate, adversarial pruning methods need to be modified accordingly to keep up. In this work, we propose a novel framework to prune a previously trained robust neural network while maintaining adversarial robustness, without further generating adversarial examples. We leverage concurrent self-distillation and pruning to preserve knowledge in the original model as well as regularizing the pruned model via the Hilbert-Schmidt Information Bottleneck. We comprehensively evaluate our proposed framework and show its superior performance in terms of both adversarial robustness and efficiency when pruning architectures trained on the MNIST, CIFAR-10, and CIFAR-100 datasets against five state-of-the-art attacks. Code is available at https://github.com/neu-spiral/PwoA/.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Event-Driven Tactile Learning with Various Location Spiking Neurons</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04277">arxiv:2210.04277</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Peng Kang, Srutarshi Banerjee, Henry Chopp, Aggelos Katsaggelos, Oliver Cossairt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tactile sensing is essential for a variety of daily tasks. New advances in event-driven tactile sensors and Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) spur the research in related fields. However, SNN-enabled event-driven tactile learning is still in its infancy due to the limited representation abilities of existing spiking neurons and high spatio-temporal complexity in the data. In this paper, to improve the representation capability of existing spiking neurons, we propose a novel neuron model called "location spiking neuron", which enables us to extract features of event-based data in a novel way. Specifically, based on the classical Time Spike Response Model (TSRM), we develop the Location Spike Response Model (LSRM). In addition, based on the most commonly-used Time Leaky Integrate-and-Fire (TLIF) model, we develop the Location Leaky Integrate-and-Fire (LLIF) model. By exploiting the novel location spiking neurons, we propose several models to capture the complex spatio-temporal dependencies in the event-driven tactile data. Extensive experiments demonstrate the significant improvements of our models over other works on event-driven tactile learning and show the superior energy efficiency of our models and location spiking neurons, which may unlock their potential on neuromorphic hardware.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spread Love Not Hate: Undermining the Importance of Hateful Pre-training for Hate Speech Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04267">arxiv:2210.04267</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Shantanu Patankar, Omkar Gokhale, Aditya Kane, Tanmay Chavan, Raviraj Joshi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pre-training large neural language models, such as BERT, has led to impressive gains on many natural language processing (NLP) tasks. Although this method has proven to be effective for many domains, it might not always provide desirable benefits. In this paper we study the effects of hateful pre-training on low resource hate speech classification tasks. While previous studies on English language have emphasized its importance, we aim to to augment their observations with some non-obvious insights. We evaluate different variations of tweet based BERT models pre-trained on hateful, non-hateful and mixed subsets of 40M tweet dataset. This evaluation is carried for Indian languages Hindi and Marathi. This paper is an empirical evidence that hateful pre-training is not the best pre-training option for hate speech detection. We show that pre-training on non-hateful text from target domain provides similar or better results. Further, we introduce HindTweetBERT and MahaTweetBERT, the first publicly available BERT models pre-trained on Hindi and Marathi tweets respectively. We show that they provide state-of-the-art performance on hate speech classification tasks. We also release a gold hate speech evaluation benchmark HateEval-Hi and HateEval-Mr consisting of manually labeled 2000 tweets each.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Precise Single-stage Detector</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04252">arxiv:2210.04252</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Aisha Chandio, Gong Gui, Teerath Kumar, Irfan Ullah, Ramin Ranjbarzadeh, Arunabha M Roy, Akhtar Hussain, Yao Shen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There are still two problems in SDD causing some inaccurate results: (1) In the process of feature extraction, with the layer-by-layer acquisition of semantic information, local information is gradually lost, resulting into less representative feature maps; (2) During the Non-Maximum Suppression (NMS) algorithm due to inconsistency in classification and regression tasks, the classification confidence and predicted detection position cannot accurately indicate the position of the prediction boxes. Methods: In order to address these aforementioned issues, we propose a new architecture, a modified version of Single Shot Multibox Detector (SSD), named Precise Single Stage Detector (PSSD). Firstly, we improve the features by adding extra layers to SSD. Secondly, we construct a simple and effective feature enhancement module to expand the receptive field step by step for each layer and enhance its local and semantic information. Finally, we design a more efficient loss function to predict the IOU between the prediction boxes and ground truth boxes, and the threshold IOU guides classification training and attenuates the scores, which are used by the NMS algorithm. Main Results: Benefiting from the above optimization, the proposed model PSSD achieves exciting performance in real-time. Specifically, with the hardware of Titan Xp and the input size of 320 pix, PSSD achieves 33.8 mAP at 45 FPS speed on MS COCO benchmark and 81.28 mAP at 66 FPS speed on Pascal VOC 2007 outperforming state-of-the-art object detection models. Besides, the proposed model performs significantly well with larger input size. Under 512 pix, PSSD can obtain 37.2 mAP with 27 FPS on MS COCO and 82.82 mAP with 40 FPS on Pascal VOC 2007. The experiment results prove that the proposed model has a better trade-off between speed and accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CHARD: Clinical Health-Aware Reasoning Across Dimensions for Text Generation Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04191">arxiv:2210.04191</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Steven Y. Feng, Vivek Khetan, Bogdan Sacaleanu, Anatole Gershman, Eduard Hovy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We motivate and introduce CHARD: Clinical Health-Aware Reasoning across Dimensions, to investigate the capability of text generation models to act as implicit clinical knowledge bases and generate free-flow textual explanations about various health-related conditions across several dimensions. We collect and present an associated dataset, CHARDat, consisting of explanations about 52 health conditions across three clinical dimensions. We conduct extensive experiments using BART and T5 along with data augmentation, and perform automatic, human, and qualitative analyses. We show that while our models can perform decently, CHARD is very challenging with strong potential for further exploration.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Grow and Merge: A Unified Framework for Continuous Categories Discovery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04174">arxiv:2210.04174</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xinwei Zhang, Jianwen Jiang, Yutong Feng, Zhi-Fan Wu, Xibin Zhao, Hai Wan, Mingqian Tang, Rong Jin, Yue Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although a number of studies are devoted to novel category discovery, most of them assume a static setting where both labeled and unlabeled data are given at once for finding new categories. In this work, we focus on the application scenarios where unlabeled data are continuously fed into the category discovery system. We refer to it as the {\bf Continuous Category Discovery} ({\bf CCD}) problem, which is significantly more challenging than the static setting. A common challenge faced by novel category discovery is that different sets of features are needed for classification and category discovery: class discriminative features are preferred for classification, while rich and diverse features are more suitable for new category mining. This challenge becomes more severe for dynamic setting as the system is asked to deliver good performance for known classes over time, and at the same time continuously discover new classes from unlabeled data. To address this challenge, we develop a framework of {\bf Grow and Merge} ({\bf GM}) that works by alternating between a growing phase and a merging phase: in the growing phase, it increases the diversity of features through a continuous self-supervised learning for effective category mining, and in the merging phase, it merges the grown model with a static one to ensure satisfying performance for known classes. Our extensive studies verify that the proposed GM framework is significantly more effective than the state-of-the-art approaches for continuous category discovery.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scientific Machine Learning for Modeling and Simulating Complex Fluids</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04431">arxiv:2210.04431</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kyle R. Lennon, Gareth H. McKinley, James W. Swan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The formulation of rheological constitutive equations -- models that relate internal stresses and deformations in complex fluids -- is a critical step in the engineering of systems involving soft materials. While data-driven models provide accessible alternatives to expensive first-principles models and less accurate empirical models in many engineering disciplines, the development of similar models for complex fluids has lagged. The diversity of techniques for characterizing non-Newtonian fluid dynamics creates a challenge for classical machine learning approaches, which require uniformly structured training data. Consequently, early machine learning constitutive equations have not been portable between different deformation protocols or mechanical observables. Here, we present a data-driven framework that resolves such issues, allowing rheologists to construct learnable models that incorporate essential physical information, while remaining agnostic to details regarding particular experimental protocols or flow kinematics. These scientific machine learning models incorporate a universal approximator within a materially objective tensorial constitutive framework. By construction, these models respect physical constraints, such as frame-invariance and tensor symmetry, required by continuum mechanics. We demonstrate that this framework facilitates the rapid discovery of accurate constitutive equations from limited data, and that the learned models may be used to describe more kinematically complex flows. This inherent flexibility admits the application of these 'digital fluid twins' to a range of material systems and engineering problems. We illustrate this flexibility by deploying a trained model within a multidimensional computational fluid dynamics simulation -- a task that is not achievable using any previously developed data-driven rheological equation of state.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Simple Baseline that Questions the Use of Pretrained-Models in Continual Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04428">arxiv:2210.04428</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Paul Janson, Wenxuan Zhang, Rahaf Aljundi, Mohamed Elhoseiny</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the success of pretraining techniques in representation learning, a number of continual learning methods based on pretrained models have been proposed. Some of these methods design continual learning mechanisms on the pre-trained representations and only allow minimum updates or even no updates of the backbone models during the training of continual learning. In this paper, we question whether the complexity of these models is needed to achieve good performance by comparing them to a simple baseline that we designed. We argue that the pretrained feature extractor itself can be strong enough to achieve a competitive or even better continual learning performance on Split-CIFAR100 and CoRe 50 benchmarks. To validate this, we conduct a very simple baseline that 1) use the frozen pretrained model to extract image features for every class encountered during the continual learning stage and compute their corresponding mean features on training data, and 2) predict the class of the input based on the nearest neighbor distance between test samples and mean features of the classes; i.e., Nearest Mean Classifier (NMC). This baseline is single-headed, exemplar-free, and can be task-free (by updating the means continually). This baseline achieved 88.53% on 10-Split-CIFAR-100, surpassing most state-of-the-art continual learning methods that are all initialized using the same pretrained transformer model. We hope our baseline may encourage future progress in designing learning systems that can continually add quality to the learning representations even if they started from some pretrained weights.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Modeling and Mining Multi-Aspect Graphs With Scalable Streaming Tensor Decomposition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04404">arxiv:2210.04404</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ekta Gujral</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graphs emerge in almost every real-world application domain, ranging from online social networks all the way to health data and movie viewership patterns. Typically, such real-world graphs are big and dynamic, in the sense that they evolve over time. Furthermore, graphs usually contain multi-aspect information i.e. in a social network, we can have the "means of communication" between nodes, such as who messages whom, who calls whom, and who comments on whose timeline and so on.
  How can we model and mine useful patterns, such as communities of nodes in that graph, from such multi-aspect graphs? How can we identify dynamic patterns in those graphs, and how can we deal with streaming data, when the volume of data to be processed is very large? In order to answer those questions, in this thesis, we propose novel tensor-based methods for mining static and dynamic multi-aspect graphs. In general, a tensor is a higher-order generalization of a matrix that can represent high-dimensional multi-aspect data such as time-evolving networks, collaboration networks, and spatio-temporal data like Electroencephalography (EEG) brain measurements.
  The thesis is organized in two synergistic thrusts: First, we focus on static multi-aspect graphs, where the goal is to identify coherent communities and patterns between nodes by leveraging the tensor structure in the data. Second, as our graphs evolve dynamically, we focus on handling such streaming updates in the data without having to re-compute the decomposition, but incrementally update the existing results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ELIGN: Expectation Alignment as a Multi-Agent Intrinsic Reward</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04365">arxiv:2210.04365</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zixian Ma, Rose Wang, Li Fei-Fei, Michael Bernstein, Ranjay Krishna</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern multi-agent reinforcement learning frameworks rely on centralized training and reward shaping to perform well. However, centralized training and dense rewards are not readily available in the real world. Current multi-agent algorithms struggle to learn in the alternative setup of decentralized training or sparse rewards. To address these issues, we propose a self-supervised intrinsic reward ELIGN - expectation alignment - inspired by the self-organization principle in Zoology. Similar to how animals collaborate in a decentralized manner with those in their vicinity, agents trained with expectation alignment learn behaviors that match their neighbors' expectations. This allows the agents to learn collaborative behaviors without any external reward or centralized training. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approach across 6 tasks in the multi-agent particle and the complex Google Research football environments, comparing ELIGN to sparse and curiosity-based intrinsic rewards. When the number of agents increases, ELIGN scales well in all multi-agent tasks except for one where agents have different capabilities. We show that agent coordination improves through expectation alignment because agents learn to divide tasks amongst themselves, break coordination symmetries, and confuse adversaries. These results identify tasks where expectation alignment is a more useful strategy than curiosity-driven exploration for multi-agent coordination, enabling agents to do zero-shot coordination.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FairGer: Using NLP to Measure Support for Women and Migrants in 155 Years of German Parliamentary Debates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04359">arxiv:2210.04359</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dominik Beese, Ole Pütz, Steffen Eger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We measure support with women and migrants in German political debates over the last 155 years. To do so, we (1) provide a gold standard of 1205 text snippets in context, annotated for support with our target groups, (2) train a BERT model on our annotated data, with which (3) we infer large-scale trends. These show that support with women is stronger than support with migrants, but both have steadily increased over time. While we hardly find any direct anti-support with women, there is more polarization when it comes to migrants. We also discuss the difficulty of annotation as a result of ambiguity in political discourse and indirectness, i.e., politicians' tendency to relate stances attributed to political opponents. Overall, our results indicate that German society, as measured from its political elite, has become fairer over time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantifying Social Biases Using Templates is Unreliable</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04337">arxiv:2210.04337</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Preethi Seshadri, Pouya Pezeshkpour, Sameer Singh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, there has been an increase in efforts to understand how large language models (LLMs) propagate and amplify social biases. Several works have utilized templates for fairness evaluation, which allow researchers to quantify social biases in the absence of test sets with protected attribute labels. While template evaluation can be a convenient and helpful diagnostic tool to understand model deficiencies, it often uses a simplistic and limited set of templates. In this paper, we study whether bias measurements are sensitive to the choice of templates used for benchmarking. Specifically, we investigate the instability of bias measurements by manually modifying templates proposed in previous works in a semantically-preserving manner and measuring bias across these modifications. We find that bias values and resulting conclusions vary considerably across template modifications on four tasks, ranging from an 81% reduction (NLI) to a 162% increase (MLM) in (task-specific) bias measurements. Our results indicate that quantifying fairness in LLMs, as done in current practice, can be brittle and needs to be approached with more care and caution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>QuTE: decentralized multiple testing on sensor networks with false discovery rate control</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04334">arxiv:2210.04334</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Aaditya Ramdas, Jianbo Chen, Martin J. Wainwright, Michael I. Jordan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper designs methods for decentralized multiple hypothesis testing on graphs that are equipped with provable guarantees on the false discovery rate (FDR). We consider the setting where distinct agents reside on the nodes of an undirected graph, and each agent possesses p-values corresponding to one or more hypotheses local to its node. Each agent must individually decide whether to reject one or more of its local hypotheses by only communicating with its neighbors, with the joint aim that the global FDR over the entire graph must be controlled at a predefined level. We propose a simple decentralized family of Query-Test-Exchange (QuTE) algorithms and prove that they can control FDR under independence or positive dependence of the p-values. Our algorithm reduces to the Benjamini-Hochberg (BH) algorithm when after graph-diameter rounds of communication, and to the Bonferroni procedure when no communication has occurred or the graph is empty. To avoid communicating real-valued p-values, we develop a quantized BH procedure, and extend it to a quantized QuTE procedure. QuTE works seamlessly in streaming data settings, where anytime-valid p-values may be continually updated at each node. Last, QuTE is robust to arbitrary dropping of packets, or a graph that changes at every step, making it particularly suitable to mobile sensor networks involving drones or other multi-agent systems. We study the power of our procedure using a simulation suite of different levels of connectivity and communication on a variety of graph structures, and also provide an illustrative real-world example.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CoopHash: Cooperative Learning of Multipurpose Descriptor and Contrastive Pair Generator via Variational MCMC Teaching for Supervised Image Hashing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04288">arxiv:2210.04288</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Khoa D. Doan, Jianwen Xie, Yaxuan Zhu, Yang Zhao, Ping Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Leveraging supervised information can lead to superior retrieval performance in the image hashing domain but the performance degrades significantly without enough labeled data. One effective solution to boost the performance is to employ generative models, such as Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), to generate synthetic data in an image hashing model. However, GAN-based methods are difficult to train and suffer from mode collapse issue, which prevents the hashing approaches from jointly training the generative models and the hash functions. This limitation results in sub-optimal retrieval performance. To overcome this limitation, we propose a novel framework, the generative cooperative hashing network (CoopHash), which is based on the energy-based cooperative learning. CoopHash jointly learns a powerful generative representation of the data and a robust hash function. CoopHash has two components: a top-down contrastive pair generator that synthesizes contrastive images and a bottom-up multipurpose descriptor that simultaneously represents the images from multiple perspectives, including probability density, hash code, latent code, and category. The two components are jointly learned via a novel likelihood-based cooperative learning scheme. We conduct experiments on several real-world datasets and show that the proposed method outperforms the competing hashing supervised methods, achieving up to 10% relative improvement over the current state-of-the-art supervised hashing methods, and exhibits a significantly better performance in out-of-distribution retrieval.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved Abdominal Multi-Organ Segmentation via 3D Boundary-Constrained Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04285">arxiv:2210.04285</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Samra Irshad, Douglas P. S. Gomes, Seong Tae Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quantitative assessment of the abdominal region from clinically acquired CT scans requires the simultaneous segmentation of abdominal organs. Thanks to the availability of high-performance computational resources, deep learning-based methods have resulted in state-of-the-art performance for the segmentation of 3D abdominal CT scans. However, the complex characterization of organs with fuzzy boundaries prevents the deep learning methods from accurately segmenting these anatomical organs. Specifically, the voxels on the boundary of organs are more vulnerable to misprediction due to the highly-varying intensity of inter-organ boundaries. This paper investigates the possibility of improving the abdominal image segmentation performance of the existing 3D encoder-decoder networks by leveraging organ-boundary prediction as a complementary task. To address the problem of abdominal multi-organ segmentation, we train the 3D encoder-decoder network to simultaneously segment the abdominal organs and their corresponding boundaries in CT scans via multi-task learning. The network is trained end-to-end using a loss function that combines two task-specific losses, i.e., complete organ segmentation loss and boundary prediction loss. We explore two different network topologies based on the extent of weights shared between the two tasks within a unified multi-task framework. To evaluate the utilization of complementary boundary prediction task in improving the abdominal multi-organ segmentation, we use three state-of-the-art encoder-decoder networks: 3D UNet, 3D UNet++, and 3D Attention-UNet. The effectiveness of utilizing the organs' boundary information for abdominal multi-organ segmentation is evaluated on two publically available abdominal CT datasets. A maximum relative improvement of 3.5% and 3.6% is observed in Mean Dice Score for Pancreas-CT and BTCV datasets, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>State Advantage Weighting for Offline RL</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04251">arxiv:2210.04251</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiafei Lyu, Aicheng Gong, Le Wan, Zongqing Lu, Xiu Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present state advantage weighting for offline reinforcement learning (RL). In contrast to action advantage $A(s,a)$ that we commonly adopt in QSA learning, we leverage state advantage $A(s,s^\prime)$ and QSS learning for offline RL, hence decoupling the action from values. We expect the agent can get to the high-reward state and the action is determined by how the agent can get to that corresponding state. Experiments on D4RL datasets show that our proposed method can achieve remarkable performance against the common baselines. Furthermore, our method shows good generalization capability when transferring from offline to online.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fusing Event-based Camera and Radar for SLAM Using Spiking Neural Networks with Continual STDP Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04236">arxiv:2210.04236</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ali Safa, Tim Verbelen, Ilja Ocket, André Bourdoux, Hichem Sahli, Francky Catthoor, Georges Gielen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work proposes a first-of-its-kind SLAM architecture fusing an event-based camera and a Frequency Modulated Continuous Wave (FMCW) radar for drone navigation. Each sensor is processed by a bio-inspired Spiking Neural Network (SNN) with continual Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity (STDP) learning, as observed in the brain. In contrast to most learning-based SLAM systems%, which a) require the acquisition of a representative dataset of the environment in which navigation must be performed and b) require an off-line training phase, our method does not require any offline training phase, but rather the SNN continuously learns features from the input data on the fly via STDP. At the same time, the SNN outputs are used as feature descriptors for loop closure detection and map correction. We conduct numerous experiments to benchmark our system against state-of-the-art RGB methods and we demonstrate the robustness of our DVS-Radar SLAM approach under strong lighting variations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transformer-based Flood Scene Segmentation for Developing Countries</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04218">arxiv:2210.04218</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ahan M R, Roshan Roy, Shreyas Sunil Kulkarni, Vaibhav Soni, Ashish Chittora</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Floods are large-scale natural disasters that often induce a massive number of deaths, extensive material damage, and economic turmoil. The effects are more extensive and longer-lasting in high-population and low-resource developing countries. Early Warning Systems (EWS) constantly assess water levels and other factors to forecast floods, to help minimize damage. Post-disaster, disaster response teams undertake a Post Disaster Needs Assessment (PDSA) to assess structural damage and determine optimal strategies to respond to highly affected neighbourhoods. However, even today in developing countries, EWS and PDSA analysis of large volumes of image and video data is largely a manual process undertaken by first responders and volunteers. We propose FloodTransformer, which to the best of our knowledge, is the first visual transformer-based model to detect and segment flooded areas from aerial images at disaster sites. We also propose a custom metric, Flood Capacity (FC) to measure the spatial extent of water coverage and quantify the segmented flooded area for EWS and PDSA analyses. We use the SWOC Flood segmentation dataset and achieve 0.93 mIoU, outperforming all other methods. We further show the robustness of this approach by validating across unseen flood images from other flood data sources.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Online Training Through Time for Spiking Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04195">arxiv:2210.04195</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mingqing Xiao, Qingyan Meng, Zongpeng Zhang, Di He, Zhouchen Lin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spiking neural networks (SNNs) are promising brain-inspired energy-efficient models. Recent progress in training methods has enabled successful deep SNNs on large-scale tasks with low latency. Particularly, backpropagation through time (BPTT) with surrogate gradients (SG) is popularly used to achieve high performance in a very small number of time steps. However, it is at the cost of large memory consumption for training, lack of theoretical clarity for optimization, and inconsistency with the online property of biological learning and rules on neuromorphic hardware. Other works connect spike representations of SNNs with equivalent artificial neural network formulation and train SNNs by gradients from equivalent mappings to ensure descent directions. But they fail to achieve low latency and are also not online. In this work, we propose online training through time (OTTT) for SNNs, which is derived from BPTT to enable forward-in-time learning by tracking presynaptic activities and leveraging instantaneous loss and gradients. Meanwhile, we theoretically analyze and prove that gradients of OTTT can provide a similar descent direction for optimization as gradients based on spike representations under both feedforward and recurrent conditions. OTTT only requires constant training memory costs agnostic to time steps, avoiding the significant memory costs of BPTT for GPU training. Furthermore, the update rule of OTTT is in the form of three-factor Hebbian learning, which could pave a path for online on-chip learning. With OTTT, it is the first time that two mainstream supervised SNN training methods, BPTT with SG and spike representation-based training, are connected, and meanwhile in a biologically plausible form. Experiments on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, ImageNet, and CIFAR10-DVS demonstrate the superior performance of our method on large-scale static and neuromorphic datasets in small time steps.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Invertible Rescaling Network and Its Extensions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04188">arxiv:2210.04188</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mingqing Xiao, Shuxin Zheng, Chang Liu, Zhouchen Lin, Tie-Yan Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image rescaling is a commonly used bidirectional operation, which first downscales high-resolution images to fit various display screens or to be storage- and bandwidth-friendly, and afterward upscales the corresponding low-resolution images to recover the original resolution or the details in the zoom-in images. However, the non-injective downscaling mapping discards high-frequency contents, leading to the ill-posed problem for the inverse restoration task. This can be abstracted as a general image degradation-restoration problem with information loss. In this work, we propose a novel invertible framework to handle this general problem, which models the bidirectional degradation and restoration from a new perspective, i.e. invertible bijective transformation. The invertibility enables the framework to model the information loss of pre-degradation in the form of distribution, which could mitigate the ill-posed problem during post-restoration. To be specific, we develop invertible models to generate valid degraded images and meanwhile transform the distribution of lost contents to the fixed distribution of a latent variable during the forward degradation. Then restoration is made tractable by applying the inverse transformation on the generated degraded image together with a randomly-drawn latent variable. We start from image rescaling and instantiate the model as Invertible Rescaling Network (IRN), which can be easily extended to the similar decolorization-colorization task. We further propose to combine the invertible framework with existing degradation methods such as image compression for wider applications. Experimental results demonstrate the significant improvement of our model over existing methods in terms of both quantitative and qualitative evaluations of upscaling and colorizing reconstruction from downscaled and decolorized images, and rate-distortion of image compression.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analogy Generation by Prompting Large Language Models: A Case Study of InstructGPT</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04186">arxiv:2210.04186</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Bhavya Bhavya, Jinjun Xiong, Chengxiang Zhai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel application of prompting Pre-trained Language Models (PLMs) to generate analogies and study how to design effective prompts for two task settings: generating a source concept analogous to a given target concept (aka Analogous Concept Generation or ACG), and generating an explanation of the similarity between a given pair of target concept and source concept (aka Analogous Explanation Generation or AEG). We found that it is feasible to prompt InstructGPT to generate meaningful analogies and the best prompts tend to be precise imperative statements especially with a low temperature setting. We also systematically analyzed the sensitivity of the InstructGPT model to prompt design, temperature, and injected spelling errors, and found that the model is particularly sensitive to certain variations (e.g., questions vs. imperative statements). Further, we conducted human evaluation on 1.4k of the generated analogies and found that the quality of generations varies substantially by model size. The largest InstructGPT model can achieve human-level performance at generating meaningful analogies for a given target while there is still room for improvement on the AEG task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Controllable Dialogue Simulation with In-Context Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04185">arxiv:2210.04185</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zekun Li, Wenhu Chen, Shiyang Li, Hong Wang, Jing Qian, Xifeng Yan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Building dialogue systems requires a large corpus of annotated dialogues. Such datasets are usually created via crowdsourcing, which is expensive and time-consuming. In this paper, we propose a novel method for dialogue simulation based on language model in-context learning, dubbed as \textsc{Dialogic}. Seeded with a few annotated dialogues, \textsc{Dialogic} automatically selects in-context examples for demonstration and prompts GPT-3 to generate new dialogues and their annotations in a controllable way. Leveraging the strong in-context learning ability of GPT-3, our method can be used to rapidly expand a small set of dialogue data without requiring \textit{human involvement} or \textit{parameter update}, and is thus much more cost-efficient and time-saving than crowdsourcing. Experimental results on the MultiWOZ dataset demonstrate that training a model on the simulated dialogues leads to even better performance than using the same amount of human-generated dialogues in the low-resource settings, with as few as 85 dialogues as the seed data. Human evaluation results also show that our simulated dialogues has high language fluency and annotation accuracy. The code and data are available at \href{https://github.com/Leezekun/dialogic}{https://github.com/Leezekun/dialogic}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Span Representations for Named Entity Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04182">arxiv:2210.04182</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Enwei Zhu, Yiyang Liu, Jinpeng Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Span-based models are one of the most straightforward methods for named entity recognition (NER). Existing span-based NER systems shallowly aggregate the token representations to span representations. However, this typically results in significant ineffectiveness for long-span entities, a coupling between the representations of overlapping spans, and ultimately a performance degradation. In this study, we propose DSpERT (Deep Span Encoder Representations from Transformers), which comprises a standard Transformer and a span Transformer. The latter uses low-layered span representations as queries, and aggregates the token representations as keys and values, layer by layer from bottom to top. Thus, DSpERT produces span representations of deep semantics.
  With weight initialization from pretrained language models, DSpERT achieves performance higher than or competitive with recent state-of-the-art systems on eight NER benchmarks. Experimental results verify the importance of the depth for span representations, and show that DSpERT performs particularly well on long-span entities and nested structures. Further, the deep span representations are well structured and easily separable in the feature space.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Safety Verification for Neural Networks Based on Set-boundary Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04175">arxiv:2210.04175</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhen Liang, Dejin Ren, Wanwei Liu, Ji Wang, Wenjing Yang, Bai Xue</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural networks (NNs) are increasingly applied in safety-critical systems such as autonomous vehicles. However, they are fragile and are often ill-behaved. Consequently, their behaviors should undergo rigorous guarantees before deployment in practice. In this paper we propose a set-boundary reachability method to investigate the safety verification problem of NNs from a topological perspective. Given an NN with an input set and a safe set, the safety verification problem is to determine whether all outputs of the NN resulting from the input set fall within the safe set. In our method, the homeomorphism property of NNs is mainly exploited, which establishes a relationship mapping boundaries to boundaries. The exploitation of this property facilitates reachability computations via extracting subsets of the input set rather than the entire input set, thus controlling the wrapping effect in reachability analysis and facilitating the reduction of computation burdens for safety verification. The homeomorphism property exists in some widely used NNs such as invertible NNs. Notable representations are invertible residual networks (i-ResNets) and Neural ordinary differential equations (Neural ODEs). For these NNs, our set-boundary reachability method only needs to perform reachability analysis on the boundary of the input set. For NNs which do not feature this property with respect to the input set, we explore subsets of the input set for establishing the local homeomorphism property, and then abandon these subsets for reachability computations. Finally, some examples demonstrate the performance of the proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepHS-HDRVideo: Deep High Speed High Dynamic Range Video Reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04429">arxiv:2210.04429</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zeeshan Khan, Parth Shettiwar, Mukul Khanna, Shanmuganathan Raman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Due to hardware constraints, standard off-the-shelf digital cameras suffers from low dynamic range (LDR) and low frame per second (FPS) outputs. Previous works in high dynamic range (HDR) video reconstruction uses sequence of alternating exposure LDR frames as input, and align the neighbouring frames using optical flow based networks. However, these methods often result in motion artifacts in challenging situations. This is because, the alternate exposure frames have to be exposure matched in order to apply alignment using optical flow. Hence, over-saturation and noise in the LDR frames results in inaccurate alignment. To this end, we propose to align the input LDR frames using a pre-trained video frame interpolation network. This results in better alignment of LDR frames, since we circumvent the error-prone exposure matching step, and directly generate intermediate missing frames from the same exposure inputs. Furthermore, it allows us to generate high FPS HDR videos by recursively interpolating the intermediate frames. Through this work, we propose to use video frame interpolation for HDR video reconstruction, and present the first method to generate high FPS HDR videos. Experimental results demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed framework against optical flow based alignment methods, with an absolute improvement of 2.4 PSNR value on standard HDR video datasets [1], [2] and further benchmark our method for high FPS HDR video generation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Focus Plus: Detect Learner's Distraction by Web Camera in Distance Teaching</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04400">arxiv:2210.04400</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Eason Chen, Yuen Hsien Tseng, Kuo-Ping Lo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Distance teaching has become popular these years because of the COVID-19 epidemic. However, both students and teachers face several challenges in distance teaching, like being easy to distract. We proposed Focus+, a system designed to detect learners' status with the latest AI technology from their web camera to solve such challenges. By doing so, teachers can know students' status, and students can regulate their learning experience. In this research, we will discuss the expected model's design for training and evaluating the AI detection model of Focus+.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Method for Computing Inverse Parametric PDE Problems with Random-Weight Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04338">arxiv:2210.04338</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Suchuan Dong, Yiran Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a method for computing the inverse parameters and the solution field to inverse parametric PDEs based on randomized neural networks. This extends the local extreme learning machine technique originally developed for forward PDEs to inverse problems. We develop three algorithms for training the neural network to solve the inverse PDE problem. The first algorithm (NLLSQ) determines the inverse parameters and the trainable network parameters all together by the nonlinear least squares method with perturbations (NLLSQ-perturb). The second algorithm (VarPro-F1) eliminates the inverse parameters from the overall problem by variable projection to attain a reduced problem about the trainable network parameters only. It solves the reduced problem first by the NLLSQ-perturb algorithm for the trainable network parameters, and then computes the inverse parameters by the linear least squares method. The third algorithm (VarPro-F2) eliminates the trainable network parameters from the overall problem by variable projection to attain a reduced problem about the inverse parameters only. It solves the reduced problem for the inverse parameters first, and then computes the trainable network parameters afterwards. VarPro-F1 and VarPro-F2 are reciprocal to each other in a sense. The presented method produces accurate results for inverse PDE problems, as shown by the numerical examples herein. For noise-free data, the errors for the inverse parameters and the solution field decrease exponentially as the number of collocation points or the number of trainable network parameters increases, and can reach a level close to the machine accuracy. For noisy data, the accuracy degrades compared with the case of noise-free data, but the method remains quite accurate. The presented method has been compared with the physics-informed neural network method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Correlative Information Maximization Based Biologically Plausible Neural Networks for Correlated Source Separation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04222">arxiv:2210.04222</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Bariscan Bozkurt, Ates Isfendiyaroglu, Cengiz Pehlevan, Alper T. Erdogan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The brain effortlessly extracts latent causes of stimuli, but how it does this at the network level remains unknown. Most prior attempts at this problem proposed neural networks that implement independent component analysis which works under the limitation that latent causes are mutually independent. Here, we relax this limitation and propose a biologically plausible neural network that extracts correlated latent sources by exploiting information about their domains. To derive this network, we choose maximum correlative information transfer from inputs to outputs as the separation objective under the constraint that the outputs are restricted to their presumed sets. The online formulation of this optimization problem naturally leads to neural networks with local learning rules. Our framework incorporates infinitely many source domain choices and flexibly models complex latent structures. Choices of simplex or polytopic source domains result in networks with piecewise-linear activation functions. We provide numerical examples to demonstrate the superior correlated source separation capability for both synthetic and natural sources.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Super-Resolution by Predicting Offsets: An Ultra-Efficient Super-Resolution Network for Rasterized Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04198">arxiv:2210.04198</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jinjin Gu, Haoming Cai, Chenyu Dong, Ruofan Zhang, Yulun Zhang, Wenming Yang, Chun Yuan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Rendering high-resolution (HR) graphics brings substantial computational costs. Efficient graphics super-resolution (SR) methods may achieve HR rendering with small computing resources and have attracted extensive research interests in industry and research communities. We present a new method for real-time SR for computer graphics, namely Super-Resolution by Predicting Offsets (SRPO). Our algorithm divides the image into two parts for processing, i.e., sharp edges and flatter areas. For edges, different from the previous SR methods that take the anti-aliased images as inputs, our proposed SRPO takes advantage of the characteristics of rasterized images to conduct SR on the rasterized images. To complement the residual between HR and low-resolution (LR) rasterized images, we train an ultra-efficient network to predict the offset maps to move the appropriate surrounding pixels to the new positions. For flat areas, we found simple interpolation methods can already generate reasonable output. We finally use a guided fusion operation to integrate the sharp edges generated by the network and flat areas by the interpolation method to get the final SR image. The proposed network only contains 8,434 parameters and can be accelerated by network quantization. Extensive experiments show that the proposed SRPO can achieve superior visual effects at a smaller computational cost than the existing state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quasi-Monolithic Graph Neural Network for Fluid-Structure Interaction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04193">arxiv:2210.04193</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Rui Gao, Rajeev Jaiman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Using convolutional neural networks, deep learning-based reduced-order models have demonstrated great potential in accelerating the simulations of coupled fluid-structure systems for downstream optimization and control tasks. However, these networks have to operate on a uniform Cartesian grid due to the inherent restriction of convolutions, leading to difficulties in extracting fine physical details along a fluid-structure interface without excessive computational burden. In this work, we present a quasi-monolithic graph neural network framework for the reduced-order modelling of fluid-structure interaction systems. With the aid of an arbitrary Lagrangian-Eulerian formulation, the mesh and fluid states are evolved temporally with two sub-networks. The movement of the mesh is reduced to the evolution of several coefficients via proper orthogonal decomposition, and these coefficients are propagated through time via a multi-layer perceptron. A graph neural network is employed to predict the evolution of the fluid state based on the state of the whole system. The structural state is implicitly modelled by the movement of the mesh on the fluid-structure boundary; hence it makes the proposed data-driven methodology quasi-monolithic. The effectiveness of the proposed quasi-monolithic graph neural network architecture is assessed on a prototypical fluid-structure system of the flow around an elastically-mounted cylinder. We use the full-order flow snapshots and displacements as target physical data to learn and infer coupled fluid-structure dynamics. The proposed framework tracks the interface description and provides the state predictions during roll-out with acceptable accuracy. We also directly extract the lift and drag forces from the predicted fluid and mesh states, in contrast to existing convolution-based architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Transformer-based deep neural network model for SSVEP classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04172">arxiv:2210.04172</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jianbo Chen, Yangsong Zhang, Yudong Pan, Peng Xu, Cuntai Guan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Steady-state visual evoked potential (SSVEP) is one of the most commonly used control signal in the brain-computer interface (BCI) systems. However, the conventional spatial filtering methods for SSVEP classification highly depend on the subject-specific calibration data. The need for the methods that can alleviate the demand for the calibration data become urgent. In recent years, developing the methods that can work in inter-subject classification scenario has become a promising new direction. As the popular deep learning model nowadays, Transformer has excellent performance and has been used in EEG signal classification tasks. Therefore, in this study, we propose a deep learning model for SSVEP classification based on Transformer structure in inter-subject classification scenario, termed as SSVEPformer, which is the first application of the transformer to the classification of SSVEP. Inspired by previous studies, the model adopts the frequency spectrum of SSVEP data as input, and explores the spectral and spatial domain information for classification. Furthermore, to fully utilize the harmonic information, an extended SSVEPformer based on the filter bank technology (FB-SSVEPformer) is proposed to further improve the classification performance. Experiments were conducted using two open datasets (Dataset 1: 10 subjects, 12-class task; Dataset 2: 35 subjects, 40-class task) in the inter-subject classification scenario. The experimental results show that the proposed models could achieve better results in terms of classification accuracy and information transfer rate, compared with other baseline methods. The proposed model validates the feasibility of deep learning models based on Transformer structure for SSVEP classification task, and could serve as a potential model to alleviate the calibration procedure in the practical application of SSVEP-based BCI systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Objective Personalized Product Retrieval in Taobao Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04170">arxiv:2210.04170</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yukun Zheng, Jiang Bian, Guanghao Meng, Chao Zhang, Honggang Wang, Zhixuan Zhang, Sen Li, Tao Zhuang, Qingwen Liu, Xiaoyi Zeng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In large-scale e-commerce platforms like Taobao, it is a big challenge to retrieve products that satisfy users from billions of candidates. This has been a common concern of academia and industry. Recently, plenty of works in this domain have achieved significant improvements by enhancing embedding-based retrieval (EBR) methods, including the Multi-Grained Deep Semantic Product Retrieval (MGDSPR) model [16] in Taobao search engine. However, we find that MGDSPR still has problems of poor relevance and weak personalization compared to other retrieval methods in our online system, such as lexical matching and collaborative filtering. These problems promote us to further strengthen the capabilities of our EBR model in both relevance estimation and personalized retrieval. In this paper, we propose a novel Multi-Objective Personalized Product Retrieval (MOPPR) model with four hierarchical optimization objectives: relevance, exposure, click and purchase. We construct entire-space multi-positive samples to train MOPPR, rather than the single-positive samples for existing EBR models.We adopt a modified softmax loss for optimizing multiple objectives. Results of extensive offline and online experiments show that MOPPR outperforms the baseline MGDSPR on evaluation metrics of relevance estimation and personalized retrieval. MOPPR achieves 0.96% transaction and 1.29% GMV improvements in a 28-day online A/B test. Since the Double-11 shopping festival of 2021, MOPPR has been fully deployed in mobile Taobao search, replacing the previous MGDSPR. Finally, we discuss several advanced topics of our deeper explorations on multi-objective retrieval and ranking to contribute to the community.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Galaxy Spin Classification I: Z-wise vs S-wise Spirals With Chirality Equivariant Residual Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04168">arxiv:2210.04168</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>He Jia, Hong-Ming Zhu, Ue-Li Pen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The angular momentum of galaxies (galaxy spin) contains rich information about the initial condition of the Universe, yet it is challenging to efficiently measure the spin direction for the tremendous amount of galaxies that are being mapped by the ongoing and forthcoming cosmological surveys. We present a machine learning based classifier for the Z-wise vs S-wise spirals, which can help to break the degeneracy in the galaxy spin direction measurement. The proposed Chirality Equivariant Residual Network (CE-ResNet) is manifestly equivariant under a reflection of the input image, which guarantees that there is no inherent asymmetry between the Z-wise and S-wise probability estimators. We train the model with Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) images, with the training labels given by the Galaxy Zoo 1 (GZ1) project. A combination of data augmentation tricks are used during the training, making the model more robust to be applied to other surveys. We find a $\sim\!30\%$ increase of both types of spirals when Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument (DESI) images are used for classification, due to the better imaging quality of DESI. We verify that the $\sim\!7σ$ difference between the numbers of Z-wise and S-wise spirals is due to human bias, since the discrepancy drops to $<\!1.8σ$ with our CE-ResNet classification results. We discuss the potential systematics that are relevant to the future cosmological applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data-driven framework for input/output lookup tables reduction -- with application to hypersonic flows in chemical non-equilibrium</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.04269">arxiv:2210.04269</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Clément Scherding, Georgios Rigas, Denis Sipp, Peter J. Schmid, Taraneh Sayadi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present a novel model-agnostic machine learning technique to extract a reduced thermochemical model for reacting hypersonic flows simulation. A first simulation gathers all relevant thermodynamic states and the corresponding gas properties via a given model. The states are embedded in a low-dimensional space and clustered to identify regions with different levels of thermochemical (non)-equilibrium. Then, a surrogate surface from the reduced cluster-space to the output space is generated using radial-basis-function networks. The method is validated and benchmarked on a simulation of a hypersonic flat-plate boundary layer with finite-rate chemistry. The gas properties of the reactive air mixture are initially modeled using the open-source Mutation++ library. Substituting Mutation++ with the light-weight, machine-learned alternative improves the performance of the solver by 50% while maintaining overall accuracy.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.10.08]({{ '/2022/10/08/2022.10.08.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.10.10]({{ '/2022/10/10/2022.10.10.html' | relative_url }})