Prev: [2022.08.16]({{ '/2022/08/16/2022.08.16.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.08.18]({{ '/2022/08/18/2022.08.18.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-08-17, created on 2022-08-27


<details><summary><b>Transformer-Based Deep Learning Model for Stock Price Prediction: A Case Study on Bangladesh Stock Market</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08300">arxiv:2208.08300</a>
&#x1F4C8; 140 <br>
<p>Tashreef Muhammad, Anika Bintee Aftab, Md. Mainul Ahsan, Maishameem Meherin Muhu, Muhammad Ibrahim, Shahidul Islam Khan, Mohammad Shafiul Alam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In modern capital market the price of a stock is often considered to be highly volatile and unpredictable because of various social, financial, political and other dynamic factors. With calculated and thoughtful investment, stock market can ensure a handsome profit with minimal capital investment, while incorrect prediction can easily bring catastrophic financial loss to the investors. This paper introduces the application of a recently introduced machine learning model - the Transformer model, to predict the future price of stocks of Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE), the leading stock exchange in Bangladesh. The transformer model has been widely leveraged for natural language processing and computer vision tasks, but, to the best of our knowledge, has never been used for stock price prediction task at DSE. Recently the introduction of time2vec encoding to represent the time series features has made it possible to employ the transformer model for the stock price prediction. This paper concentrates on the application of transformer-based model to predict the price movement of eight specific stocks listed in DSE based on their historical daily and weekly data. Our experiments demonstrate promising results and acceptable root mean squared error on most of the stocks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discovering Agents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08345">arxiv:2208.08345</a>
&#x1F4C8; 100 <br>
<p>Zachary Kenton, Ramana Kumar, Sebastian Farquhar, Jonathan Richens, Matt MacDermott, Tom Everitt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Causal models of agents have been used to analyse the safety aspects of machine learning systems. But identifying agents is non-trivial -- often the causal model is just assumed by the modeler without much justification -- and modelling failures can lead to mistakes in the safety analysis. This paper proposes the first formal causal definition of agents -- roughly that agents are systems that would adapt their policy if their actions influenced the world in a different way. From this we derive the first causal discovery algorithm for discovering agents from empirical data, and give algorithms for translating between causal models and game-theoretic influence diagrams. We demonstrate our approach by resolving some previous confusions caused by incorrect causal modelling of agents.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepSportradar-v1: Computer Vision Dataset for Sports Understanding with High Quality Annotations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08190">arxiv:2208.08190</a>
&#x1F4C8; 72 <br>
<p>Gabriel Van Zandycke, Vladimir Somers, Maxime Istasse, Carlo Del Don, Davide Zambrano</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the recent development of Deep Learning applied to Computer Vision, sport video understanding has gained a lot of attention, providing much richer information for both sport consumers and leagues. This paper introduces DeepSportradar-v1, a suite of computer vision tasks, datasets and benchmarks for automated sport understanding. The main purpose of this framework is to close the gap between academic research and real world settings. To this end, the datasets provide high-resolution raw images, camera parameters and high quality annotations. DeepSportradar currently supports four challenging tasks related to basketball: ball 3D localization, camera calibration, player instance segmentation and player re-identification. For each of the four tasks, a detailed description of the dataset, objective, performance metrics, and the proposed baseline method are provided. To encourage further research on advanced methods for sport understanding, a competition is organized as part of the MMSports workshop from the ACM Multimedia 2022 conference, where participants have to develop state-of-the-art methods to solve the above tasks. The four datasets, development kits and baselines are publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Which Factors Drive Open Access Publishing? A Springer Nature Case Study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08221">arxiv:2208.08221</a>
&#x1F4C8; 57 <br>
<p>Fakhri Momeni, Stefan Dietze, Philipp Mayr, Kristin Biesenbender, Isabella Peters</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Open Access (OA) facilitates access to articles. But, authors or funders often must pay the publishing costs preventing authors who do not receive financial support from participating in OA publishing and citation advantage for OA articles. OA may exacerbate existing inequalities in the publication system rather than overcome them. To investigate this, we studied 522,664 articles published by Springer Nature. Employing statistical methods, we describe the relationship between authors affiliated with countries from different income levels, their choice of publishing (OA or closed access), and the citation impact of their papers. A machine learning classification method helped us to explore the association between OA-publishing and attributes of the author, especially eligibility for APC-waivers or discounts, journal, country, and paper. The results indicate that authors eligible for the APC-waivers publish more in gold-OA-journals than other authors. In contrast, authors eligible for an APC discount have the lowest ratio of OA publications, leading to the assumption that this discount insufficiently motivates authors to publish in a gold-OA-journal. The rank of journals is a significant driver for publishing in a gold-OA-journal, whereas the OA option is mostly avoided in hybrid journals. Seniority, experience with OA publications, and the scientific field are the most decisive factors in OA-publishing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>"Task-relevant autoencoding" enhances machine learning for human neuroscience</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08478">arxiv:2208.08478</a>
&#x1F4C8; 43 <br>
<p>Seyedmehdi Orouji, Vincent Taschereau-Dumouchel, Aurelio Cortese, Brian Odegaard, Cody Cushing, Mouslim Cherkaoui, Mitsuo Kawato, Hakwan Lau, Megan A. K. Peters</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In human neuroscience, machine learning can help reveal lower-dimensional neural representations relevant to subjects' behavior. However, state-of-the-art models typically require large datasets to train, so are prone to overfitting on human neuroimaging data that often possess few samples but many input dimensions. Here, we capitalized on the fact that the features we seek in human neuroscience are precisely those relevant to subjects' behavior. We thus developed a Task-Relevant Autoencoder via Classifier Enhancement (TRACE), and tested its ability to extract behaviorally-relevant, separable representations compared to a standard autoencoder for two severely truncated machine learning datasets. We then evaluated both models on fMRI data where subjects observed animals and objects. TRACE outperformed both the autoencoder and raw inputs nearly unilaterally, showing up to 30% increased classification accuracy and up to threefold improvement in discovering "cleaner", task-relevant representations. These results showcase TRACE's potential for a wide variety of data related to human behavior.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conformal Inference for Online Prediction with Arbitrary Distribution Shifts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08401">arxiv:2208.08401</a>
&#x1F4C8; 40 <br>
<p>Isaac Gibbs, Emmanuel Candès</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Conformal inference is a flexible methodology for transforming the predictions made by any black-box model (e.g. neural nets, random forests) into valid prediction sets. The only necessary assumption is that the training and test data be exchangeable (e.g. i.i.d.). Unfortunately, this assumption is usually unrealistic in online environments in which the processing generating the data may vary in time and consecutive data-points are often temporally correlated. In this article, we develop an online algorithm for producing prediction intervals that are robust to these deviations. Our methods build upon conformal inference and thus can be combined with any black-box predictor. We show that the coverage error of our algorithm is controlled by the size of the underlying change in the environment and thus directly connect the size of the distribution shift with the difficulty of the prediction problem. Finally, we apply our procedure in two real-world settings and find that our method produces robust prediction intervals under real-world dynamics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HELP ME THINK: A Simple Prompting Strategy for Non-experts to Create Customized Content with Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08232">arxiv:2208.08232</a>
&#x1F4C8; 40 <br>
<p>Swaroop Mishra, Elnaz Nouri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Controlling the text generated by language models and customizing the content has been a long-standing challenge. Existing prompting techniques proposed in pursuit of providing control are task-specific and lack generality; this provides overwhelming choices for non-expert users to find a suitable method for their task. The effort associated with those techniques, such as in writing examples, explanations, instructions, etc. further limits their adoption among non-expert users. In this paper, we propose a simple prompting strategy HELP ME THINK where we encourage GPT3 to help non-expert users by asking a set of relevant questions and leveraging user answers to execute the task. We demonstrate the efficacy of our technique HELP ME THINK on a variety of tasks. Specifically, we focus on tasks that are hard for average humans and require significant thinking to perform. We hope our work will encourage the development of unconventional ways to harness the power of large language models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Paint2Pix: Interactive Painting based Progressive Image Synthesis and Editing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08092">arxiv:2208.08092</a>
&#x1F4C8; 40 <br>
<p>Jaskirat Singh, Liang Zheng, Cameron Smith, Jose Echevarria</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Controllable image synthesis with user scribbles is a topic of keen interest in the computer vision community. In this paper, for the first time we study the problem of photorealistic image synthesis from incomplete and primitive human paintings. In particular, we propose a novel approach paint2pix, which learns to predict (and adapt) "what a user wants to draw" from rudimentary brushstroke inputs, by learning a mapping from the manifold of incomplete human paintings to their realistic renderings. When used in conjunction with recent works in autonomous painting agents, we show that paint2pix can be used for progressive image synthesis from scratch. During this process, paint2pix allows a novice user to progressively synthesize the desired image output, while requiring just few coarse user scribbles to accurately steer the trajectory of the synthesis process. Furthermore, we find that our approach also forms a surprisingly convenient approach for real image editing, and allows the user to perform a diverse range of custom fine-grained edits through the addition of only a few well-placed brushstrokes. Supplemental video and demo are available at https://1jsingh.github.io/paint2pix

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MvDeCor: Multi-view Dense Correspondence Learning for Fine-grained 3D Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08580">arxiv:2208.08580</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Gopal Sharma, Kangxue Yin, Subhransu Maji, Evangelos Kalogerakis, Or Litany, Sanja Fidler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose to utilize self-supervised techniques in the 2D domain for fine-grained 3D shape segmentation tasks. This is inspired by the observation that view-based surface representations are more effective at modeling high-resolution surface details and texture than their 3D counterparts based on point clouds or voxel occupancy. Specifically, given a 3D shape, we render it from multiple views, and set up a dense correspondence learning task within the contrastive learning framework. As a result, the learned 2D representations are view-invariant and geometrically consistent, leading to better generalization when trained on a limited number of labeled shapes compared to alternatives that utilize self-supervision in 2D or 3D alone. Experiments on textured (RenderPeople) and untextured (PartNet) 3D datasets show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art alternatives in fine-grained part segmentation. The improvements over baselines are greater when only a sparse set of views is available for training or when shapes are textured, indicating that MvDeCor benefits from both 2D processing and 3D geometric reasoning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding Scaling Laws for Recommendation Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08489">arxiv:2208.08489</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Newsha Ardalani, Carole-Jean Wu, Zeliang Chen, Bhargav Bhushanam, Adnan Aziz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Scale has been a major driving force in improving machine learning performance, and understanding scaling laws is essential for strategic planning for a sustainable model quality performance growth, long-term resource planning and developing efficient system infrastructures to support large-scale models. In this paper, we study empirical scaling laws for DLRM style recommendation models, in particular Click-Through Rate (CTR). We observe that model quality scales with power law plus constant in model size, data size and amount of compute used for training. We characterize scaling efficiency along three different resource dimensions, namely data, parameters and compute by comparing the different scaling schemes along these axes. We show that parameter scaling is out of steam for the model architecture under study, and until a higher-performing model architecture emerges, data scaling is the path forward. The key research questions addressed by this study include: Does a recommendation model scale sustainably as predicted by the scaling laws? Or are we far off from the scaling law predictions? What are the limits of scaling? What are the implications of the scaling laws on long-term hardware/system development?

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding Long Documents with Different Position-Aware Attentions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08201">arxiv:2208.08201</a>
&#x1F4C8; 18 <br>
<p>Hai Pham, Guoxin Wang, Yijuan Lu, Dinei Florencio, Cha Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite several successes in document understanding, the practical task for long document understanding is largely under-explored due to several challenges in computation and how to efficiently absorb long multimodal input. Most current transformer-based approaches only deal with short documents and employ solely textual information for attention due to its prohibitive computation and memory limit. To address those issues in long document understanding, we explore different approaches in handling 1D and new 2D position-aware attention with essentially shortened context. Experimental results show that our proposed models have advantages for this task based on various evaluation metrics. Furthermore, our model makes changes only to the attention and thus can be easily adapted to any transformer-based architecture.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Restructurable Activation Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08562">arxiv:2208.08562</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Kartikeya Bhardwaj, James Ward, Caleb Tung, Dibakar Gope, Lingchuan Meng, Igor Fedorov, Alex Chalfin, Paul Whatmough, Danny Loh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Is it possible to restructure the non-linear activation functions in a deep network to create hardware-efficient models? To address this question, we propose a new paradigm called Restructurable Activation Networks (RANs) that manipulate the amount of non-linearity in models to improve their hardware-awareness and efficiency. First, we propose RAN-explicit (RAN-e) -- a new hardware-aware search space and a semi-automatic search algorithm -- to replace inefficient blocks with hardware-aware blocks. Next, we propose a training-free model scaling method called RAN-implicit (RAN-i) where we theoretically prove the link between network topology and its expressivity in terms of number of non-linear units. We demonstrate that our networks achieve state-of-the-art results on ImageNet at different scales and for several types of hardware. For example, compared to EfficientNet-Lite-B0, RAN-e achieves a similar accuracy while improving Frames-Per-Second (FPS) by 1.5x on Arm micro-NPUs. On the other hand, RAN-i demonstrates up to 2x reduction in #MACs over ConvNexts with a similar or better accuracy. We also show that RAN-i achieves nearly 40% higher FPS than ConvNext on Arm-based datacenter CPUs. Finally, RAN-i based object detection networks achieve a similar or higher mAP and up to 33% higher FPS on datacenter CPUs compared to ConvNext based models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Geometric Scattering on Measure Spaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08561">arxiv:2208.08561</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Joyce Chew, Matthew Hirn, Smita Krishnaswamy, Deanna Needell, Michael Perlmutter, Holly Steach, Siddharth Viswanath, Hau-Tieng Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The scattering transform is a multilayered, wavelet-based transform initially introduced as a model of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that has played a foundational role in our understanding of these networks' stability and invariance properties. Subsequently, there has been widespread interest in extending the success of CNNs to data sets with non-Euclidean structure, such as graphs and manifolds, leading to the emerging field of geometric deep learning. In order to improve our understanding of the architectures used in this new field, several papers have proposed generalizations of the scattering transform for non-Euclidean data structures such as undirected graphs and compact Riemannian manifolds without boundary.
  In this paper, we introduce a general, unified model for geometric scattering on measure spaces. Our proposed framework includes previous work on geometric scattering as special cases but also applies to more general settings such as directed graphs, signed graphs, and manifolds with boundary. We propose a new criterion that identifies to which groups a useful representation should be invariant and show that this criterion is sufficient to guarantee that the scattering transform has desirable stability and invariance properties. Additionally, we consider finite measure spaces that are obtained from randomly sampling an unknown manifold. We propose two methods for constructing a data-driven graph on which the associated graph scattering transform approximates the scattering transform on the underlying manifold. Moreover, we use a diffusion-maps based approach to prove quantitative estimates on the rate of convergence of one of these approximations as the number of sample points tends to infinity. Lastly, we showcase the utility of our method on spherical images, directed graphs, and on high-dimensional single-cell data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Incremental 3D Scene Completion for Safe and Efficient Exploration Mapping and Planning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08307">arxiv:2208.08307</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Lukas Schmid, Mansoor Nasir Cheema, Victor Reijgwart, Roland Siegwart, Federico Tombari, Cesar Cadena</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Exploration of unknown environments is a fundamental problem in robotics and an essential component in numerous applications of autonomous systems. A major challenge in exploring unknown environments is that the robot has to plan with the limited information available at each time step. While most current approaches rely on heuristics and assumption to plan paths based on these partial observations, we instead propose a novel way to integrate deep learning into exploration by leveraging 3D scene completion for informed, safe, and interpretable exploration mapping and planning. Our approach, SC-Explorer, combines scene completion using a novel incremental fusion mechanism and a newly proposed hierarchical multi-layer mapping approach, to guarantee safety and efficiency of the robot. We further present an informative path planning method, leveraging the capabilities of our mapping approach and a novel scene-completion-aware information gain. While our method is generally applicable, we evaluate it in the use case of a Micro Aerial Vehicle (MAV). We thoroughly study each component in high-fidelity simulation experiments using only mobile hardware, and show that our method can speed up coverage of an environment by 73% compared to the baselines with only minimal reduction in map accuracy. Even if scene completions are not included in the final map, we show that they can be used to guide the robot to choose more informative paths, speeding up the measurement of the scene with the robot's sensors by 35%. We make our methods available as open-source.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Attackar: Attack of the Evolutionary Adversary</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08297">arxiv:2208.08297</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Raz Lapid, Zvika Haramaty, Moshe Sipper</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks (DNNs) are sensitive to adversarial data in a variety of scenarios, including the black-box scenario, where the attacker is only allowed to query the trained model and receive an output. Existing black-box methods for creating adversarial instances are costly, often using gradient estimation or training a replacement network. This paper introduces \textit{Attackar}, an evolutionary, score-based, black-box attack. Attackar is based on a novel objective function that can be used in gradient-free optimization problems. The attack only requires access to the output logits of the classifier and is thus not affected by gradient masking. No additional information is needed, rendering our method more suitable to real-life situations. We test its performance with three different state-of-the-art models -- Inception-v3, ResNet-50, and VGG-16-BN -- against three benchmark datasets: MNIST, CIFAR10 and ImageNet. Furthermore, we evaluate Attackar's performance on non-differential transformation defenses and state-of-the-art robust models. Our results demonstrate the superior performance of Attackar, both in terms of accuracy score and query efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multimodal Lecture Presentations Dataset: Understanding Multimodality in Educational Slides</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08080">arxiv:2208.08080</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Dong Won Lee, Chaitanya Ahuja, Paul Pu Liang, Sanika Natu, Louis-Philippe Morency</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Lecture slide presentations, a sequence of pages that contain text and figures accompanied by speech, are constructed and presented carefully in order to optimally transfer knowledge to students. Previous studies in multimedia and psychology attribute the effectiveness of lecture presentations to their multimodal nature. As a step toward developing AI to aid in student learning as intelligent teacher assistants, we introduce the Multimodal Lecture Presentations dataset as a large-scale benchmark testing the capabilities of machine learning models in multimodal understanding of educational content. Our dataset contains aligned slides and spoken language, for 180+ hours of video and 9000+ slides, with 10 lecturers from various subjects (e.g., computer science, dentistry, biology). We introduce two research tasks which are designed as stepping stones towards AI agents that can explain (automatically captioning a lecture presentation) and illustrate (synthesizing visual figures to accompany spoken explanations) educational content. We provide manual annotations to help implement these two research tasks and evaluate state-of-the-art models on them. Comparing baselines and human student performances, we find that current models struggle in (1) weak crossmodal alignment between slides and spoken text, (2) learning novel visual mediums, (3) technical language, and (4) long-range sequences. Towards addressing this issue, we also introduce PolyViLT, a multimodal transformer trained with a multi-instance learning loss that is more effective than current approaches. We conclude by shedding light on the challenges and opportunities in multimodal understanding of educational presentations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Ret3D: Rethinking Object Relations for Efficient 3D Object Detection in Driving Scenes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08621">arxiv:2208.08621</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Yu-Huan Wu, Da Zhang, Le Zhang, Xin Zhan, Dengxin Dai, Yun Liu, Ming-Ming Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Current efficient LiDAR-based detection frameworks are lacking in exploiting object relations, which naturally present in both spatial and temporal manners. To this end, we introduce a simple, efficient, and effective two-stage detector, termed as Ret3D. At the core of Ret3D is the utilization of novel intra-frame and inter-frame relation modules to capture the spatial and temporal relations accordingly. More Specifically, intra-frame relation module (IntraRM) encapsulates the intra-frame objects into a sparse graph and thus allows us to refine the object features through efficient message passing. On the other hand, inter-frame relation module (InterRM) densely connects each object in its corresponding tracked sequences dynamically, and leverages such temporal information to further enhance its representations efficiently through a lightweight transformer network. We instantiate our novel designs of IntraRM and InterRM with general center-based or anchor-based detectors and evaluate them on Waymo Open Dataset (WOD). With negligible extra overhead, Ret3D achieves the state-of-the-art performance, being 5.5% and 3.2% higher than the recent competitor in terms of the LEVEL 1 and LEVEL 2 mAPH metrics on vehicle detection, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Label Flipping Data Poisoning Attack Against Wearable Human Activity Recognition System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08433">arxiv:2208.08433</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Abdur R. Shahid, Ahmed Imteaj, Peter Y. Wu, Diane A. Igoche, Tauhidul Alam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human Activity Recognition (HAR) is a problem of interpreting sensor data to human movement using an efficient machine learning (ML) approach. The HAR systems rely on data from untrusted users, making them susceptible to data poisoning attacks. In a poisoning attack, attackers manipulate the sensor readings to contaminate the training set, misleading the HAR to produce erroneous outcomes. This paper presents the design of a label flipping data poisoning attack for a HAR system, where the label of a sensor reading is maliciously changed in the data collection phase. Due to high noise and uncertainty in the sensing environment, such an attack poses a severe threat to the recognition system. Besides, vulnerability to label flipping attacks is dangerous when activity recognition models are deployed in safety-critical applications. This paper shades light on how to carry out the attack in practice through smartphone-based sensor data collection applications. This is an earlier research work, to our knowledge, that explores attacking the HAR models via label flipping poisoning. We implement the proposed attack and test it on activity recognition models based on the following machine learning algorithms: multi-layer perceptron, decision tree, random forest, and XGBoost. Finally, we evaluate the effectiveness of K-nearest neighbors (KNN)-based defense mechanism against the proposed attack.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ILLUME: Rationalizing Vision-Language Models by Interacting with their Jabber</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08241">arxiv:2208.08241</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Manuel Brack, Patrick Schramowski, Björn Deiseroth, Kristian Kersting</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bootstrapping from pre-trained language models has been proven to be an efficient approach for building foundation vision-language models (VLM) for tasks such as image captioning or visual question answering. However, it is difficult-if not impossible-to utilize it to make the model conform with user's rationales for specific answers. To elicit and reinforce commonsense reasons, we propose an iterative sampling and tuning paradigm, called ILLUME, that executes the following loop: Given an image-question-answer prompt, the VLM samples multiple candidate rationales, and a human critic provides minimal feedback via preference selection, used for fine-tuning. This loop increases the training data and gradually carves out the VLM's rationalization capabilities. Our exhaustive experiments demonstrate that ILLUME is competitive with standard supervised fine-tuning while using significantly fewer training data and only requiring minimal feedback.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Framework for Understanding and Visualizing Strategies of RL Agents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08552">arxiv:2208.08552</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Pedro Sequeira, Daniel Elenius, Jesse Hostetler, Melinda Gervasio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent years have seen significant advances in explainable AI as the need to understand deep learning models has gained importance with the increased emphasis on trust and ethics in AI. Comprehensible models for sequential decision tasks are a particular challenge as they require understanding not only individual predictions but a series of predictions that interact with environmental dynamics. We present a framework for learning comprehensible models of sequential decision tasks in which agent strategies are characterized using temporal logic formulas. Given a set of agent traces, we first cluster the traces using a novel embedding method that captures frequent action patterns. We then search for logical formulas that explain the agent strategies in the different clusters. We evaluate our framework on combat scenarios in StarCraft II (SC2), using traces from a handcrafted expert policy and a trained reinforcement learning agent. We implemented a feature extractor for SC2 environments that extracts traces as sequences of high-level features describing both the state of the environment and the agent's local behavior from agent replays. We further designed a visualization tool depicting the movement of units in the environment that helps understand how different task conditions lead to distinct agent behavior patterns in each trace cluster. Experimental results show that our framework is capable of separating agent traces into distinct groups of behaviors for which our approach to strategy inference produces consistent, meaningful, and easily understood strategy descriptions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analyzing Robustness of End-to-End Neural Models for Automatic Speech Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08509">arxiv:2208.08509</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Goutham Rajendran, Wei Zou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We investigate robustness properties of pre-trained neural models for automatic speech recognition. Real life data in machine learning is usually very noisy and almost never clean, which can be attributed to various factors depending on the domain, e.g. outliers, random noise and adversarial noise. Therefore, the models we develop for various tasks should be robust to such kinds of noisy data, which led to the thriving field of robust machine learning. We consider this important issue in the setting of automatic speech recognition. With the increasing popularity of pre-trained models, it's an important question to analyze and understand the robustness of such models to noise. In this work, we perform a robustness analysis of the pre-trained neural models wav2vec2, HuBERT and DistilHuBERT on the LibriSpeech and TIMIT datasets. We use different kinds of noising mechanisms and measure the model performances as quantified by the inference time and the standard Word Error Rate metric. We also do an in-depth layer-wise analysis of the wav2vec2 model when injecting noise in between layers, enabling us to predict at a high level what each layer learns. Finally for this model, we visualize the propagation of errors across the layers and compare how it behaves on clean versus noisy data. Our experiments conform the predictions of Pasad et al. [2021] and also raise interesting directions for future work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Knowledge Graph Curation: A Practical Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08130">arxiv:2208.08130</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Elwin Huaman, Dieter Fensel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge Graphs (KGs) have shown to be very important for applications such as personal assistants, question-answering systems, and search engines. Therefore, it is crucial to ensure their high quality. However, KGs inevitably contain errors, duplicates, and missing values, which may hinder their adoption and utility in business applications, as they are not curated, e.g., low-quality KGs produce low-quality applications that are built on top of them. In this vision paper, we propose a practical knowledge graph curation framework for improving the quality of KGs. First, we define a set of quality metrics for assessing the status of KGs, Second, we describe the verification and validation of KGs as cleaning tasks, Third, we present duplicate detection and knowledge fusion strategies for enriching KGs. Furthermore, we give insights and directions toward a better architecture for curating KGs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DLCFT: Deep Linear Continual Fine-Tuning for General Incremental Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08112">arxiv:2208.08112</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Hyounguk Shon, Janghyeon Lee, Seung Hwan Kim, Junmo Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pre-trained representation is one of the key elements in the success of modern deep learning. However, existing works on continual learning methods have mostly focused on learning models incrementally from scratch. In this paper, we explore an alternative framework to incremental learning where we continually fine-tune the model from a pre-trained representation. Our method takes advantage of linearization technique of a pre-trained neural network for simple and effective continual learning. We show that this allows us to design a linear model where quadratic parameter regularization method is placed as the optimal continual learning policy, and at the same time enjoying the high performance of neural networks. We also show that the proposed algorithm enables parameter regularization methods to be applied to class-incremental problems. Additionally, we provide a theoretical reason why the existing parameter-space regularization algorithms such as EWC underperform on neural networks trained with cross-entropy loss. We show that the proposed method can prevent forgetting while achieving high continual fine-tuning performance on image classification tasks. To show that our method can be applied to general continual learning settings, we evaluate our method in data-incremental, task-incremental, and class-incremental learning problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Truth-Table Net: A New Convolutional Architecture Encodable By Design Into SAT Formulas</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08609">arxiv:2208.08609</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Adrien Benamira, Thomas Peyrin, Bryan Hooi Kuen-Yew</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the expanding role of neural networks, the need for complete and sound verification of their property has become critical. In the recent years, it was established that Binary Neural Networks (BNNs) have an equivalent representation in Boolean logic and can be formally analyzed using logical reasoning tools such as SAT solvers. However, to date, only BNNs can be transformed into a SAT formula. In this work, we introduce Truth Table Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (TTnets), a new family of SAT-encodable models featuring for the first time real-valued weights. Furthermore, it admits, by construction, some valuable conversion features including post-tuning and tractability in the robustness verification setting. The latter property leads to a more compact SAT symbolic encoding than BNNs. This enables the use of general SAT solvers, making property verification easier. We demonstrate the value of TTnets regarding the formal robustness property: TTnets outperform the verified accuracy of all BNNs with a comparable computation time. More generally, they represent a relevant trade-off between all known complete verification methods: TTnets achieve high verified accuracy with fast verification time, being complete with no timeouts. We are exploring here a proof of concept of TTnets for a very important application (complete verification of robustness) and we believe this novel real-valued network constitutes a practical response to the rising need for functional formal verification. We postulate that TTnets can apply to various CNN-based architectures and be extended to other properties such as fairness, fault attack and exact rule extraction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Practical Single-shot Phase Retrieval with Physics-Driven Deep Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08604">arxiv:2208.08604</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Qiuliang Ye, Li-Wen Wang, Daniel Pak-Kong Lun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Phase retrieval (PR), a long-established challenge for recovering a complex-valued signal from its Fourier intensity-only measurements, has attracted considerable attention due to its widespread applications in digital imaging. Recently, deep learning-based approaches were developed that achieved some success in single-shot PR. These approaches require a single Fourier intensity measurement without the need to impose any additional constraints on the measured data. Nevertheless, vanilla deep neural networks (DNN) do not give good performance due to the substantial disparity between the input and output domains of the PR problems. Physics-informed approaches try to incorporate the Fourier intensity measurements into an iterative approach to increase the reconstruction accuracy. It, however, requires a lengthy computation process, and the accuracy still cannot be guaranteed. Besides, many of these approaches work on simulation data that ignore some common problems such as saturation and quantization errors in practical optical PR systems. In this paper, a novel physics-driven multi-scale DNN structure dubbed PPRNet is proposed. Similar to other deep learning-based PR methods, PPRNet requires only a single Fourier intensity measurement. It is physics-driven that the network is guided to follow the Fourier intensity measurement at different scales to enhance the reconstruction accuracy. PPRNet has a feedforward structure and can be end-to-end trained. Thus, it is much faster and more accurate than the traditional physics-driven PR approaches. Extensive simulations and experiments on a practical optical platform were conducted. The results demonstrate the superiority and practicality of the proposed PPRNet over the traditional learning-based PR methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Choquet regularization for reinforcement learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08497">arxiv:2208.08497</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Xia Han, Ruodu Wang, Xun Yu Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose \emph{Choquet regularizers} to measure and manage the level of exploration for reinforcement learning (RL), and reformulate the continuous-time entropy-regularized RL problem of Wang et al. (2020, JMLR, 21(198)) in which we replace the differential entropy used for regularization with a Choquet regularizer. We derive the Hamilton--Jacobi--Bellman equation of the problem, and solve it explicitly in the linear--quadratic (LQ) case via maximizing statically a mean--variance constrained Choquet regularizer. Under the LQ setting, we derive explicit optimal distributions for several specific Choquet regularizers, and conversely identify the Choquet regularizers that generate a number of broadly used exploratory samplers such as $ε$-greedy, exponential, uniform and Gaussian.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Summarizing Patients Problems from Hospital Progress Notes Using Pre-trained Sequence-to-Sequence Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08408">arxiv:2208.08408</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Yanjun Gao, Dmitry Dligach, Timothy Miller, Dongfang Xu, Matthew M. Churpek, Majid Afshar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automatically summarizing patients' main problems from daily progress notes using natural language processing methods helps to battle against information and cognitive overload in hospital settings and potentially assists providers with computerized diagnostic decision support. Problem list summarization requires a model to understand, abstract, and generate clinical documentation. In this work, we propose a new NLP task that aims to generate a list of problems in a patient's daily care plan using input from the provider's progress notes during hospitalization. We investigate the performance of T5 and BART, two state-of-the-art seq2seq transformer architectures, in solving this problem. We provide a corpus built on top of progress notes from publicly available electronic health record progress notes in the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care (MIMIC)-III. T5 and BART are trained on general domain text, and we experiment with a data augmentation method and a domain adaptation pre-training method to increase exposure to medical vocabulary and knowledge. Evaluation methods include ROUGE, BERTScore, cosine similarity on sentence embedding, and F-score on medical concepts. Results show that T5 with domain adaptive pre-training achieves significant performance gains compared to a rule-based system and general domain pre-trained language models, indicating a promising direction for tackling the problem summarization task.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Ask Question First for Enhancing Lifelong Language Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08367">arxiv:2208.08367</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Han Wang, Ruiliu Fu, Xuejun Zhang, Jun Zhou, Qingwei Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Lifelong language learning aims to stream learning NLP tasks while retaining knowledge of previous tasks. Previous works based on the language model and following data-free constraint approaches have explored formatting all data as "begin token (\textit{B}) + context (\textit{C}) + question (\textit{Q}) + answer (\textit{A})" for different tasks. However, they still suffer from catastrophic forgetting and are exacerbated when the previous task's pseudo data is insufficient for the following reasons: (1) The model has difficulty generating task-corresponding pseudo data, and (2) \textit{A} is prone to error when \textit{A} and \textit{C} are separated by \textit{Q} because the information of the \textit{C} is diminished before generating \textit{A}. Therefore, we propose the Ask Question First and Replay Question (AQF-RQ), including a novel data format "\textit{BQCA}" and a new training task to train pseudo questions of previous tasks. Experimental results demonstrate that AQF-RQ makes it easier for the model to generate more pseudo data that match corresponding tasks, and is more robust to both sufficient and insufficient pseudo-data when the task boundary is both clear and unclear. AQF-RQ can achieve only 0.36\% lower performance than multi-task learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards an Error-free Deep Occupancy Detector for Smart Camera Parking System</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08220">arxiv:2208.08220</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Tung-Lam Duong, Van-Duc Le, Tien-Cuong Bui, Hai-Thien To</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although the smart camera parking system concept has existed for decades, a few approaches have fully addressed the system's scalability and reliability. As the cornerstone of a smart parking system is the ability to detect occupancy, traditional methods use the classification backbone to predict spots from a manual labeled grid. This is time-consuming and loses the system's scalability. Additionally, most of the approaches use deep learning models, making them not error-free and not reliable at scale. Thus, we propose an end-to-end smart camera parking system where we provide an autonomous detecting occupancy by an object detector called OcpDet. Our detector also provides meaningful information from contrastive modules: training and spatial knowledge, which avert false detections during inference. We benchmark OcpDet on the existing PKLot dataset and reach competitive results compared to traditional classification solutions. We also introduce an additional SNU-SPS dataset, in which we estimate the system performance from various views and conduct system evaluation in parking assignment tasks. The result from our dataset shows that our system is promising for real-world applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Shallow neural network representation of polynomials</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08138">arxiv:2208.08138</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Aleksandr Beknazaryan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We show that $d$-variate polynomials of degree $R$ can be represented on $[0,1]^d$ as shallow neural networks of width $2(R+d)^d$. Also, by SNN representation of localized Taylor polynomials of univariate $C^β$-smooth functions, we derive for shallow networks the minimax optimal rate of convergence, up to a logarithmic factor, to unknown univariate regression function.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conviformers: Convolutionally guided Vision Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08900">arxiv:2208.08900</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mohit Vaishnav, Thomas Fel, Ivan Felipe Rodrıguez, Thomas Serre</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Vision transformers are nowadays the de-facto preference for image classification tasks. There are two broad categories of classification tasks, fine-grained and coarse-grained. In fine-grained classification, the necessity is to discover subtle differences due to the high level of similarity between sub-classes. Such distinctions are often lost as we downscale the image to save the memory and computational cost associated with vision transformers (ViT). In this work, we present an in-depth analysis and describe the critical components for developing a system for the fine-grained categorization of plants from herbarium sheets. Our extensive experimental analysis indicated the need for a better augmentation technique and the ability of modern-day neural networks to handle higher dimensional images. We also introduce a convolutional transformer architecture called Conviformer which, unlike the popular Vision Transformer (ConViT), can handle higher resolution images without exploding memory and computational cost. We also introduce a novel, improved pre-processing technique called PreSizer to resize images better while preserving their original aspect ratios, which proved essential for classifying natural plants. With our simple yet effective approach, we achieved SoTA on Herbarium 202x and iNaturalist 2019 dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CP-PINNs: Changepoints Detection in PDEs using Physics Informed Neural Networks with Total-Variation Penalty</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08626">arxiv:2208.08626</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Zhikang Dong, Pawel Polak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the inverse problem for the Partial Differential Equations (PDEs) such that the parameters of the dependency structure can exhibit random changepoints over time. This can arise, for example, when the physical system is either under malicious attack (e.g., hacker attacks on power grids and internet networks) or subject to extreme external conditions (e.g., weather conditions impacting electricity grids or large market movements impacting valuations of derivative contracts). For that purpose, we employ Physics Informed Neural Networks (PINNs) -- universal approximators that can incorporate prior information from any physical law described by a system of PDEs. This prior knowledge acts in the training of the neural network as a regularization that limits the space of admissible solutions and increases the correctness of the function approximation. We show that when the true data generating process exhibits changepoints in the PDE dynamics, this regularization can lead to a complete miss-calibration and a failure of the model. Therefore, we propose an extension of PINNs using a Total-Variation penalty which accommodates (multiple) changepoints in the PDE dynamics. These changepoints can occur at random locations over time, and they are estimated together with the solutions. We propose an additional refinement algorithm that combines changepoints detection with a reduced dynamic programming method that is feasible for the computationally intensive PINNs methods, and we demonstrate the benefits of the proposed model empirically using examples of different equations with changes in the parameters. In case of no changepoints in the data, the proposed model reduces to the original PINNs model. In the presence of changepoints, it leads to improvements in parameter estimation, better model fitting, and a lower training error compared to the original PINNs model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning with Local Gradients at the Edge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08503">arxiv:2208.08503</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Michael Lomnitz, Zachary Daniels, David Zhang, Michael Piacentino</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To enable learning on edge devices with fast convergence and low memory, we present a novel backpropagation-free optimization algorithm dubbed Target Projection Stochastic Gradient Descent (tpSGD). tpSGD generalizes direct random target projection to work with arbitrary loss functions and extends target projection for training recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in addition to feedforward networks. tpSGD uses layer-wise stochastic gradient descent (SGD) and local targets generated via random projections of the labels to train the network layer-by-layer with only forward passes. tpSGD doesn't require retaining gradients during optimization, greatly reducing memory allocation compared to SGD backpropagation (BP) methods that require multiple instances of the entire neural network weights, input/output, and intermediate results. Our method performs comparably to BP gradient-descent within 5% accuracy on relatively shallow networks of fully connected layers, convolutional layers, and recurrent layers. tpSGD also outperforms other state-of-the-art gradient-free algorithms in shallow models consisting of multi-layer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks (CNNs), and RNNs with competitive accuracy and less memory and time. We evaluate the performance of tpSGD in training deep neural networks (e.g. VGG) and extend the approach to multi-layer RNNs. These experiments highlight new research directions related to optimized layer-based adaptor training for domain-shift using tpSGD at the edge.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Performance Evaluation of Selective Fixed-filter Active Noise Control based on Different Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08440">arxiv:2208.08440</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Zhengding Luo, Dongyuan Shi, Woon-Seng Gan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Due to its rapid response time and a high degree of robustness, the selective fixed-filter active noise control (SFANC) method appears to be a viable candidate for widespread use in a variety of practical active noise control (ANC) systems. In comparison to conventional fixed-filter ANC methods, SFANC can select the pre-trained control filters for different types of noise. Deep learning technologies, thus, can be used in SFANC methods to enable a more flexible selection of the most appropriate control filters for attenuating various noises. Furthermore, with the assistance of a deep neural network, the selecting strategy can be learned automatically from noise data rather than through trial and error, which significantly simplifies and improves the practicability of ANC design. Therefore, this paper investigates the performance of SFANC based on different one-dimensional and two-dimensional convolutional neural networks. Additionally, we conducted comparative analyses of several network training strategies and discovered that fine-tuning could improve selection performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FCN-Transformer Feature Fusion for Polyp Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08352">arxiv:2208.08352</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Edward Sanderson, Bogdan J. Matuszewski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Colonoscopy is widely recognised as the gold standard procedure for the early detection of colorectal cancer (CRC). Segmentation is valuable for two significant clinical applications, namely lesion detection and classification, providing means to improve accuracy and robustness. The manual segmentation of polyps in colonoscopy images is time-consuming. As a result, the use of deep learning (DL) for automation of polyp segmentation has become important. However, DL-based solutions can be vulnerable to overfitting and the resulting inability to generalise to images captured by different colonoscopes. Recent transformer-based architectures for semantic segmentation both achieve higher performance and generalise better than alternatives, however typically predict a segmentation map of $\frac{h}{4}\times\frac{w}{4}$ spatial dimensions for a $h\times w$ input image. To this end, we propose a new architecture for full-size segmentation which leverages the strengths of a transformer in extracting the most important features for segmentation in a primary branch, while compensating for its limitations in full-size prediction with a secondary fully convolutional branch. The resulting features from both branches are then fused for final prediction of a $h\times w$ segmentation map. We demonstrate our method's state-of-the-art performance with respect to the mDice, mIoU, mPrecision, and mRecall metrics, on both the Kvasir-SEG and CVC-ClinicDB dataset benchmarks. Additionally, we train the model on each of these datasets and evaluate on the other to demonstrate its superior generalisation performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DPA-1: Pretraining of Attention-based Deep Potential Model for Molecular Simulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08236">arxiv:2208.08236</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Duo Zhang, Hangrui Bi, Fu-Zhi Dai, Wanrun Jiang, Linfeng Zhang, Han Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning assisted modeling of the inter-atomic potential energy surface (PES) is revolutionizing the field of molecular simulation. With the accumulation of high-quality electronic structure data, a model that can be pretrained on all available data and finetuned on downstream tasks with a small additional effort would bring the field to a new stage. Here we propose DPA-1, a Deep Potential model with a novel attention mechanism, which is highly effective for representing the conformation and chemical spaces of atomic systems and learning the PES. We tested DPA-1 on a number of systems and observed superior performance compared with existing benchmarks. When pretrained on large-scale datasets containing 56 elements, DPA-1 can be successfully applied to various downstream tasks with a great improvement of sample efficiency. Surprisingly, for different elements, the learned type embedding parameters form a $spiral$ in the latent space and have a natural correspondence with their positions on the periodic table, showing interesting interpretability of the pretrained DPA-1 model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Path Planning of Cleaning Robot with Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08211">arxiv:2208.08211</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Woohyeon Moon, Bumgeun Park, Sarvar Hussain Nengroo, Taeyoung Kim, Dongsoo Har</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, as the demand for cleaning robots has steadily increased, therefore household electricity consumption is also increasing. To solve this electricity consumption issue, the problem of efficient path planning for cleaning robot has become important and many studies have been conducted. However, most of them are about moving along a simple path segment, not about the whole path to clean all places. As the emerging deep learning technique, reinforcement learning (RL) has been adopted for cleaning robot. However, the models for RL operate only in a specific cleaning environment, not the various cleaning environment. The problem is that the models have to retrain whenever the cleaning environment changes. To solve this problem, the proximal policy optimization (PPO) algorithm is combined with an efficient path planning that operates in various cleaning environments, using transfer learning (TL), detection nearest cleaned tile, reward shaping, and making elite set methods. The proposed method is validated with an ablation study and comparison with conventional methods such as random and zigzag. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves improved training performance and increased convergence speed over the original PPO. And it also demonstrates that this proposed method is better performance than conventional methods (random, zigzag).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transformer Vs. MLP-Mixer Exponential Expressive Gap For NLP Problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08191">arxiv:2208.08191</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dan Navon, Alex M. Bronstein</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Vision-Transformers are widely used in various vision tasks. Meanwhile, there is another line of works starting with the MLP-mixer trying to achieve similar performance using mlp-based architectures. Interestingly, until now none reported using them for NLP tasks, additionally until now non of those mlp-based architectures claimed to achieve state-of-the-art in vision tasks. In this paper, we analyze the expressive power of mlp-based architectures in modeling dependencies between multiple different inputs simultaneously, and show an exponential gap between the attention and the mlp-based mechanisms. Our results suggest a theoretical explanation for the mlp inability to compete with attention-based mechanisms in NLP problems, they also suggest that the performance gap in vision tasks may be due to the mlp relative weakness in modeling dependencies between multiple different locations, and that combining smart input permutations to the mlp architectures may not suffice alone to close the performance gap.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Estimating individual treatment effects under unobserved confounding using binary instruments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08544">arxiv:2208.08544</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Dennis Frauen, Stefan Feuerriegel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Estimating individual treatment effects (ITEs) from observational data is relevant in many fields such as personalized medicine. However, in practice, the treatment assignment is usually confounded by unobserved variables and thus introduces bias. A remedy to remove the bias is the use of instrumental variables (IVs). Such settings are widespread in medicine (e.g., trials where compliance is used as binary IV). In this paper, we propose a novel, multiply robust machine learning framework, called MRIV, for estimating ITEs using binary IVs and thus yield an unbiased ITE estimator. Different from previous work for binary IVs, our framework estimates the ITE directly via a pseudo outcome regression. (1) We provide a theoretical analysis where we show that our framework yields multiply robust convergence rates: our ITE estimator achieves fast convergence even if several nuisance estimators converge slowly. (2) We further show that our framework asymptotically outperforms state-of-the-art plug-in IV methods for ITE estimation. (3) We build upon our theoretical results and propose a tailored deep neural network architecture called MRIV-Net for ITE estimation using binary IVs. Across various computational experiments, we demonstrate empirically that our MRIV-Net achieves state-of-the-art performance. To the best of our knowledge, our MRIV is the first machine learning framework for estimating ITEs in the binary IV setting shown to be multiply robust.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DF-Captcha: A Deepfake Captcha for Preventing Fake Calls</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08524">arxiv:2208.08524</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yisroel Mirsky</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Social engineering (SE) is a form of deception that aims to trick people into giving access to data, information, networks and even money. For decades SE has been a key method for attackers to gain access to an organization, virtually skipping all lines of defense. Attackers also regularly use SE to scam innocent people by making threatening phone calls which impersonate an authority or by sending infected emails which look like they have been sent from a loved one. SE attacks will likely remain a top attack vector for criminals because humans are the weakest link in cyber security.
  Unfortunately, the threat will only get worse now that a new technology called deepfakes as arrived. A deepfake is believable media (e.g., videos) created by an AI. Although the technology has mostly been used to swap the faces of celebrities, it can also be used to `puppet' different personas. Recently, researchers have shown how this technology can be deployed in real-time to clone someone's voice in a phone call or reenact a face in a video call. Given that any novice user can download this technology to use it, it is no surprise that criminals have already begun to monetize it to perpetrate their SE attacks.
  In this paper, we propose a lightweight application which can protect organizations and individuals from deepfake SE attacks. Through a challenge and response approach, we leverage the technical and theoretical limitations of deepfake technologies to expose the attacker. Existing defence solutions are too heavy as an end-point solution and can be evaded by a dynamic attacker. In contrast, our approach is lightweight and breaks the reactive arms race, putting the attacker at a disadvantage.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Generative Views to Mitigate Gender Classification Bias Across Gender-Race Groups</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08382">arxiv:2208.08382</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Sreeraj Ramachandran, Ajita Rattani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Published studies have suggested the bias of automated face-based gender classification algorithms across gender-race groups. Specifically, unequal accuracy rates were obtained for women and dark-skinned people. To mitigate the bias of gender classifiers, the vision community has developed several strategies. However, the efficacy of these mitigation strategies is demonstrated for a limited number of races mostly, Caucasian and African-American. Further, these strategies often offer a trade-off between bias and classification accuracy. To further advance the state-of-the-art, we leverage the power of generative views, structured learning, and evidential learning towards mitigating gender classification bias. We demonstrate the superiority of our bias mitigation strategy in improving classification accuracy and reducing bias across gender-racial groups through extensive experimental validation, resulting in state-of-the-art performance in intra- and cross dataset evaluations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Open Long-Tailed Recognition in a Dynamic World</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08349">arxiv:2208.08349</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ziwei Liu, Zhongqi Miao, Xiaohang Zhan, Jiayun Wang, Boqing Gong, Stella X. Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Real world data often exhibits a long-tailed and open-ended (with unseen classes) distribution. A practical recognition system must balance between majority (head) and minority (tail) classes, generalize across the distribution, and acknowledge novelty upon the instances of unseen classes (open classes). We define Open Long-Tailed Recognition++ (OLTR++) as learning from such naturally distributed data and optimizing for the classification accuracy over a balanced test set which includes both known and open classes. OLTR++ handles imbalanced classification, few-shot learning, open-set recognition, and active learning in one integrated algorithm, whereas existing classification approaches often focus only on one or two aspects and deliver poorly over the entire spectrum. The key challenges are: 1) how to share visual knowledge between head and tail classes, 2) how to reduce confusion between tail and open classes, and 3) how to actively explore open classes with learned knowledge. Our algorithm, OLTR++, maps images to a feature space such that visual concepts can relate to each other through a memory association mechanism and a learned metric (dynamic meta-embedding) that both respects the closed world classification of seen classes and acknowledges the novelty of open classes. Additionally, we propose an active learning scheme based on visual memory, which learns to recognize open classes in a data-efficient manner for future expansions. On three large-scale open long-tailed datasets we curated from ImageNet (object-centric), Places (scene-centric), and MS1M (face-centric) data, as well as three standard benchmarks (CIFAR-10-LT, CIFAR-100-LT, and iNaturalist-18), our approach, as a unified framework, consistently demonstrates competitive performance. Notably, our approach also shows strong potential for the active exploration of open classes and the fairness analysis of minority groups.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Privacy Effect of Data Enhancement via the Lens of Memorization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08270">arxiv:2208.08270</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Xiao Li, Qiongxiu Li, Zhanhao Hu, Xiaolin Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning poses severe privacy concerns as it is shown that the learned models can reveal sensitive information about their training data. Many works have investigated the effect of widely-adopted data augmentation (DA) and adversarial training (AT) techniques, termed data enhancement in the paper, on the privacy leakage of machine learning models. Such privacy effects are often measured by membership inference attacks (MIAs), which aim to identify whether a particular example belongs to the training set or not. We propose to investigate privacy from a new perspective called memorization. Through the lens of memorization, we find that previously deployed MIAs produce misleading results as they are less likely to identify samples with higher privacy risks as members compared to samples with low privacy risks. To solve this problem, we deploy a recent attack that can capture the memorization degrees of individual samples for evaluation. Through extensive experiments, we unveil non-trivial findings about the connections between three important properties of machine learning models, including privacy, generalization gap, and adversarial robustness. We demonstrate that, unlike existing results, the generalization gap is shown not highly correlated with privacy leakage. Moreover, stronger adversarial robustness does not necessarily imply that the model is more susceptible to privacy attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Metric Residual Networks for Sample Efficient Goal-conditioned Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08133">arxiv:2208.08133</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Bo Liu, Yihao Feng, Qiang Liu, Peter Stone</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Goal-conditioned reinforcement learning (GCRL) has a wide range of potential real-world applications, including manipulation and navigation problems in robotics. Especially in such robotics task, sample efficiency is of the utmost importance for GCRL since, by default, the agent is only rewarded when it reaches its goal. While several methods have been proposed to improve the sample efficiency of GCRL, one relatively under-studied approach is the design of neural architectures to support sample efficiency. In this work, we introduce a novel neural architecture for GCRL that achieves significantly better sample efficiency than the commonly-used monolithic network architecture. They key insight is that the optimal action value function Q^*(s, a, g) must satisfy the triangle inequality in a specific sense. Furthermore, we introduce the metric residual network (MRN) that deliberately decomposes the action-value function Q(s,a,g) into the negated summation of a metric plus a residual asymmetric component. MRN provably approximates any optimal action-value function Q^*(s,a,g), thus making it a fitting neural architecture for GCRL. We conduct comprehensive experiments across 12 standard benchmark environments in GCRL. The empirical results demonstrate that MRN uniformly outperforms other state-of-the-art GCRL neural architectures in terms of sample efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Autonomous Resource Management in Construction Companies Using Deep Reinforcement Learning Based on IoT</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08087">arxiv:2208.08087</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Maryam Soleymani, Mahdi Bonyani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Resource allocation is one of the most critical issues in planning construction projects, due to its direct impact on cost, time, and quality. There are usually specific allocation methods for autonomous resource management according to the projects objectives. However, integrated planning and optimization of utilizing resources in an entire construction organization are scarce. The purpose of this study is to present an automatic resource allocation structure for construction companies based on Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL), which can be used in various situations. In this structure, Data Harvesting (DH) gathers resource information from the distributed Internet of Things (IoT) sensor devices all over the companys projects to be employed in the autonomous resource management approach. Then, Coverage Resources Allocation (CRA) is compared to the information obtained from DH in which the Autonomous Resource Management (ARM) determines the project of interest. Likewise, Double Deep Q-Networks (DDQNs) with similar models are trained on two distinct assignment situations based on structured resource information of the company to balance objectives with resource constraints. The suggested technique in this paper can efficiently adjust to large resource management systems by combining portfolio information with adopted individual project information. Also, the effects of important information processing parameters on resource allocation performance are analyzed in detail. Moreover, the results of the generalizability of management approaches are presented, indicating no need for additional training when the variables of situations change.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Efficient Multi-Step Framework for Malware Packing Identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08071">arxiv:2208.08071</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jong-Wouk Kim, Yang-Sae Moon, Mi-Jung Choi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Malware developers use combinations of techniques such as compression, encryption, and obfuscation to bypass anti-virus software. Malware with anti-analysis technologies can bypass AI-based anti-virus software and malware analysis tools. Therefore, classifying pack files is one of the big challenges. Problems arise if the malware classifiers learn packers' features, not those of malware. Training the models with unintended erroneous data turn into poisoning attacks, adversarial attacks, and evasion attacks. Therefore, researchers should consider packing to build appropriate malware classifier models. In this paper, we propose a multi-step framework for classifying and identifying packed samples which consists of pseudo-optimal feature selection, machine learning-based classifiers, and packer identification steps. In the first step, we use the CART algorithm and the permutation importance to preselect important 20 features. In the second step, each model learns 20 preselected features for classifying the packed files with the highest performance. As a result, the XGBoost, which learned the features preselected by XGBoost with the permutation importance, showed the highest performance of any other experiment scenarios with an accuracy of 99.67%, an F1-Score of 99.46%, and an area under the curve (AUC) of 99.98%. In the third step, we propose a new approach that can identify packers only for samples classified as Well-Known Packed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SensorSCAN: Self-Supervised Learning and Deep Clustering for Fault Diagnosis in Chemical Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08879">arxiv:2208.08879</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Maksim Golyadkin, Vitaliy Pozdnyakov, Leonid Zhukov, Ilya Makarov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern industrial facilities generate large volumes of raw sensor data during production process. This data is used to monitor and control the processes and can be analyzed to detect and predict process abnormalities. Typically, the data has to be annotated by experts to be further used in predictive modeling. Most of today's research is focusing on either unsupervised anomaly detection algorithms or supervised methods, that require manually annotated data. The studies are often done using process simulator generated data for a narrow class of events and proposed algorithms are rarely verified on publicly available datasets. In this paper, we propose a novel method SensorSCAN for unsupervised fault detection and diagnosis designed for industrial chemical sensor data. We demonstrate our model performance on two publicly available datasets based on the Tennessee Eastman Process with various fault types. Results show that our method significantly outperforms existing approaches (+0.2-0.3 TPR for a fixed FPR) and detects most of the process faults without the use of expert annotation. In addition, we performed experiments to show that our method is suitable for real-world applications where the number of fault types is not known in advance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DIET: Conditional independence testing with marginal dependence measures of residual information</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08579">arxiv:2208.08579</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mukund Sudarshan, Aahlad Manas Puli, Wesley Tansey, Rajesh Ranganath</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Conditional randomization tests (CRTs) assess whether a variable $x$ is predictive of another variable $y$, having observed covariates $z$. CRTs require fitting a large number of predictive models, which is often computationally intractable. Existing solutions to reduce the cost of CRTs typically split the dataset into a train and test portion, or rely on heuristics for interactions, both of which lead to a loss in power. We propose the decoupled independence test (DIET), an algorithm that avoids both of these issues by leveraging marginal independence statistics to test conditional independence relationships. DIET tests the marginal independence of two random variables: $F(x \mid z)$ and $F(y \mid z)$ where $F(\cdot \mid z)$ is a conditional cumulative distribution function (CDF). These variables are termed "information residuals." We give sufficient conditions for DIET to achieve finite sample type-1 error control and power greater than the type-1 error rate. We then prove that when using the mutual information between the information residuals as a test statistic, DIET yields the most powerful conditionally valid test. Finally, we show DIET achieves higher power than other tractable CRTs on several synthetic and real benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the evolution of research in hypersonics: application of natural language processing and machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08507">arxiv:2208.08507</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ashkan Ebadi, Alain Auger, Yvan Gauthier</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Research and development in hypersonics have progressed significantly in recent years, with various military and commercial applications being demonstrated increasingly. Public and private organizations in several countries have been investing in hypersonics, with the aim to overtake their competitors and secure/improve strategic advantage and deterrence. For these organizations, being able to identify emerging technologies in a timely and reliable manner is paramount. Recent advances in information technology have made it possible to analyze large amounts of data, extract hidden patterns, and provide decision-makers with new insights. In this study, we focus on scientific publications about hypersonics within the period of 2000-2020, and employ natural language processing and machine learning to characterize the research landscape by identifying 12 key latent research themes and analyzing their temporal evolution. Our publication similarity analysis revealed patterns that are indicative of cycles during two decades of research. The study offers a comprehensive analysis of the research field and the fact that the research themes are algorithmically extracted removes subjectivity from the exercise and enables consistent comparisons between topics and between time intervals.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Nearly Optimal Latent State Decoding in Block MDPs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08480">arxiv:2208.08480</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yassir Jedra, Junghyun Lee, Alexandre Proutière, Se-Young Yun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We investigate the problems of model estimation and reward-free learning in episodic Block MDPs. In these MDPs, the decision maker has access to rich observations or contexts generated from a small number of latent states. We are first interested in estimating the latent state decoding function (the mapping from the observations to latent states) based on data generated under a fixed behavior policy. We derive an information-theoretical lower bound on the error rate for estimating this function and present an algorithm approaching this fundamental limit. In turn, our algorithm also provides estimates of all the components of the MDP. We then study the problem of learning near-optimal policies in the reward-free framework. Based on our efficient model estimation algorithm, we show that we can infer a policy converging (as the number of collected samples grows large) to the optimal policy at the best possible rate. Interestingly, our analysis provides necessary and sufficient conditions under which exploiting the block structure yields improvements in the sample complexity for identifying near-optimal policies. When these conditions are met, the sample complexity in the minimax reward-free setting is improved by a multiplicative factor $n$, where $n$ is the number of possible contexts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Commander's Intent: A Dataset and Modeling Approach for Human-AI Task Specification in Strategic Play</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08374">arxiv:2208.08374</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Pradyumna Tambwekar, Nathan Vaska, Lakshita Dodeja, Matthew Gombolay</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Effective Human-AI teaming requires the ability to communicate the goals of the team and constraints under which you need the agent to operate. Providing the ability to specify the shared intent or operation criteria of the team can enable an AI agent to perform its primary function while still being able to cater to the specific desires of the current team. While significant work has been conducted to instruct an agent to perform a task, via language or demonstrations, prior work lacks a focus on building agents which can operate within the parameters specified by a team. Worse yet, there is a dearth of research pertaining to enabling humans to provide their specifications through unstructured, naturalist language. In this paper, we propose the use of goals and constraints as a scaffold to modulate and evaluate autonomous agents. We contribute to this field by presenting a novel dataset, and an associated data collection protocol, which maps language descriptions to goals and constraints corresponding to specific strategies developed by human participants for the board game Risk. Leveraging state-of-the-art language models and augmentation procedures, we develop a machine learning framework which can be used to identify goals and constraints from unstructured strategy descriptions. To empirically validate our approach we conduct a human-subjects study to establish a human-baseline for our dataset. Our results show that our machine learning architecture is better able to interpret unstructured language descriptions into strategy specifications than human raters tasked with performing the same machine translation task (F(1,272.53) = 17.025, p < 0.001).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Extract fundamental frequency based on CNN combined with PYIN</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08354">arxiv:2208.08354</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ruowei Xing, Shengchen Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper refers to the extraction of multiple fundamental frequencies (multiple F0) based on PYIN, an algorithm for extracting the fundamental frequency (F0) of monophonic music, and a trained convolutional neural networks (CNN) model, where a pitch salience function of the input signal is produced to estimate the multiple F0. The implementation of these two algorithms and their corresponding advantages and disadvantages are discussed in this article. Analysing the different performance of these two methods, PYIN is applied to supplement the F0 extracted from the trained CNN model to combine the advantages of these two algorithms. For evaluation, four pieces played by two violins are used, and the performance of the models are evaluated accoring to the flatness of the F0 curve extracted. The result shows the combined model outperforms the original algorithms when extracting F0 from monophonic music and polyphonic music.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Leukocyte Classification using Multimodal Architecture Enhanced by Knowledge Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08331">arxiv:2208.08331</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Litao Yang, Deval Mehta, Dwarikanath Mahapatra, Zongyuan Ge</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, a lot of automated white blood cells (WBC) or leukocyte classification techniques have been developed. However, all of these methods only utilize a single modality microscopic image i.e. either blood smear or fluorescence based, thus missing the potential of a better learning from multimodal images. In this work, we develop an efficient multimodal architecture based on a first of its kind multimodal WBC dataset for the task of WBC classification. Specifically, our proposed idea is developed in two steps - 1) First, we learn modality specific independent subnetworks inside a single network only; 2) We further enhance the learning capability of the independent subnetworks by distilling knowledge from high complexity independent teacher networks. With this, our proposed framework can achieve a high performance while maintaining low complexity for a multimodal dataset. Our unique contribution is two-fold - 1) We present a first of its kind multimodal WBC dataset for WBC classification; 2) We develop a high performing multimodal architecture which is also efficient and low in complexity at the same time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Video-TransUNet: Temporally Blended Vision Transformer for CT VFSS Instance Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08315">arxiv:2208.08315</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Chengxi Zeng, Xinyu Yang, Majid Mirmehdi, Alberto M Gambaruto, Tilo Burghardt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose Video-TransUNet, a deep architecture for instance segmentation in medical CT videos constructed by integrating temporal feature blending into the TransUNet deep learning framework. In particular, our approach amalgamates strong frame representation via a ResNet CNN backbone, multi-frame feature blending via a Temporal Context Module (TCM), non-local attention via a Vision Transformer, and reconstructive capabilities for multiple targets via a UNet-based convolutional-deconvolutional architecture with multiple heads. We show that this new network design can significantly outperform other state-of-the-art systems when tested on the segmentation of bolus and pharynx/larynx in Videofluoroscopic Swallowing Study (VFSS) CT sequences. On our VFSS2022 dataset it achieves a dice coefficient of 0.8796 and an average surface distance of 1.0379 pixels. Note that tracking the pharyngeal bolus accurately is a particularly important application in clinical practice since it constitutes the primary method for diagnostics of swallowing impairment. Our findings suggest that the proposed model can indeed enhance the TransUNet architecture via exploiting temporal information and improving segmentation performance by a significant margin. We publish key source code, network weights, and ground truth annotations for simplified performance reproduction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Metal artifact correction in cone beam computed tomography using synthetic X-ray data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08288">arxiv:2208.08288</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Harshit Agrawal, Ari Hietanen, Simo Särkkä</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Metal artifact correction is a challenging problem in cone beam computed tomography (CBCT) scanning. Metal implants inserted into the anatomy cause severe artifacts in reconstructed images. Widely used inpainting-based metal artifact reduction (MAR) methods require segmentation of metal traces in the projections as a first step which is a challenging task. One approach is to use a deep learning method to segment metals in the projections. However, the success of deep learning methods is limited by the availability of realistic training data. It is challenging and time consuming to get reliable ground truth annotations due to unclear implant boundary and large number of projections. We propose to use X-ray simulations to generate synthetic metal segmentation training dataset from clinical CBCT scans. We compare the effect of simulations with different number of photons and also compare several training strategies to augment the available data. We compare our model's performance on real clinical scans with conventional threshold-based MAR and a recent deep learning method. We show that simulations with relatively small number of photons are suitable for the metal segmentation task and that training the deep learning model with full size and cropped projections together improves the robustness of the model. We show substantial improvement in the image quality affected by severe motion, voxel size under-sampling, and out-of-FOV metals. Our method can be easily implemented into the existing projection-based MAR pipeline to get improved image quality. This method can provide a novel paradigm to accurately segment metals in CBCT projections.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Performance Optimization for Semantic Communications: An Attention-based Reinforcement Learning Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08239">arxiv:2208.08239</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yining Wang, Mingzhe Chen, Tao Luo, Walid Saad, Dusit Niyato, H. Vincent Poor, Shuguang Cui</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, a semantic communication framework is proposed for textual data transmission. In the studied model, a base station (BS) extracts the semantic information from textual data, and transmits it to each user. The semantic information is modeled by a knowledge graph (KG) that consists of a set of semantic triples. After receiving the semantic information, each user recovers the original text using a graph-to-text generation model. To measure the performance of the considered semantic communication framework, a metric of semantic similarity (MSS) that jointly captures the semantic accuracy and completeness of the recovered text is proposed. Due to wireless resource limitations, the BS may not be able to transmit the entire semantic information to each user and satisfy the transmission delay constraint. Hence, the BS must select an appropriate resource block for each user as well as determine and transmit part of the semantic information to the users. As such, we formulate an optimization problem whose goal is to maximize the total MSS by jointly optimizing the resource allocation policy and determining the partial semantic information to be transmitted. To solve this problem, a proximal-policy-optimization-based reinforcement learning (RL) algorithm integrated with an attention network is proposed. The proposed algorithm can evaluate the importance of each triple in the semantic information using an attention network and then, build a relationship between the importance distribution of the triples in the semantic information and the total MSS. Compared to traditional RL algorithms, the proposed algorithm can dynamically adjust its learning rate thus ensuring convergence to a locally optimal solution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Auto-segmentation of Hip Joints using MultiPlanar UNet with Transfer learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08226">arxiv:2208.08226</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Peidi Xu, Faezeh Moshfeghifar, Torkan Gholamalizadeh, Michael Bachmann Nielsen, Kenny Erleben, Sune Darkner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate geometry representation is essential in developing finite element models. Although generally good, deep-learning segmentation approaches with only few data have difficulties in accurately segmenting fine features, e.g., gaps and thin structures. Subsequently, segmented geometries need labor-intensive manual modifications to reach a quality where they can be used for simulation purposes. We propose a strategy that uses transfer learning to reuse datasets with poor segmentation combined with an interactive learning step where fine-tuning of the data results in anatomically accurate segmentations suitable for simulations. We use a modified MultiPlanar UNet that is pre-trained using inferior hip joint segmentation combined with a dedicated loss function to learn the gap regions and post-processing to correct tiny inaccuracies on symmetric classes due to rotational invariance. We demonstrate this robust yet conceptually simple approach applied with clinically validated results on publicly available computed tomography scans of hip joints. Code and resulting 3D models are available at: https://github.com/MICCAI2022-155/AuToSeg}

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How does the degree of novelty impacts semi-supervised representation learning for novel class retrieval?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08217">arxiv:2208.08217</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Quentin Leroy, Olivier Buisson, Alexis Joly</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Supervised representation learning with deep networks tends to overfit the training classes and the generalization to novel classes is a challenging question. It is common to evaluate a learned embedding on held-out images of the same training classes. In real applications however, data comes from new sources and novel classes are likely to arise. We hypothesize that incorporating unlabelled images of novel classes in the training set in a semi-supervised fashion would be beneficial for the efficient retrieval of novel-class images compared to a vanilla supervised representation. To verify this hypothesis in a comprehensive way, we propose an original evaluation methodology that varies the degree of novelty of novel classes by partitioning the dataset category-wise either randomly, or semantically, i.e. by minimizing the shared semantics between base and novel classes. This evaluation procedure allows to train a representation blindly to any novel-class labels and evaluate the frozen representation on the retrieval of base or novel classes. We find that a vanilla supervised representation falls short on the retrieval of novel classes even more so when the semantics gap is higher. Semi-supervised algorithms allow to partially bridge this performance gap but there is still much room for improvement.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Time flies by: Analyzing the Impact of Face Ageing on the Recognition Performance with Synthetic Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08207">arxiv:2208.08207</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Marcel Grimmer, Haoyu Zhang, Raghavendra Ramachandra, Kiran Raja, Christoph Busch</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The vast progress in synthetic image synthesis enables the generation of facial images in high resolution and photorealism. In biometric applications, the main motivation for using synthetic data is to solve the shortage of publicly-available biometric data while reducing privacy risks when processing such sensitive information. These advantages are exploited in this work by simulating human face ageing with recent face age modification algorithms to generate mated samples, thereby studying the impact of ageing on the performance of an open-source biometric recognition system. Further, a real dataset is used to evaluate the effects of short-term ageing, comparing the biometric performance to the synthetic domain. The main findings indicate that short-term ageing in the range of 1-5 years has only minor effects on the general recognition performance. However, the correct verification of mated faces with long-term age differences beyond 20 years poses still a significant challenge and requires further investigation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Monotonicity Constrained Attention Module for Emotion Classification with Limited EEG Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08155">arxiv:2208.08155</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Dongyang Kuang, Craig Michoski, Wenting Li, Rui Guo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, a parameter-efficient attention module is presented for emotion classification using a limited, or relatively small, number of electroencephalogram (EEG) signals. This module is called the Monotonicity Constrained Attention Module (MCAM) due to its capability of incorporating priors on the monotonicity when converting features' Gram matrices into attention matrices for better feature refinement. Our experiments have shown that MCAM's effectiveness is comparable to state-of-the-art attention modules in boosting the backbone network's performance in prediction while requiring less parameters. Several accompanying sensitivity analyses on trained models' prediction concerning different attacks are also performed. These attacks include various frequency domain filtering levels and gradually morphing between samples associated with multiple labels. Our results can help better understand different modules' behaviour in prediction and can provide guidance in applications where data is limited and are with noises.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Maximising the Utility of Validation Sets for Imbalanced Noisy-label Meta-learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08132">arxiv:2208.08132</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Dung Anh Hoang, Cuong Nguyen, Belagiannis Vasileios, Gustavo Carneiro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Meta-learning is an effective method to handle imbalanced and noisy-label learning, but it depends on a validation set containing randomly selected, manually labelled and balanced distributed samples. The random selection and manual labelling and balancing of this validation set is not only sub-optimal for meta-learning, but it also scales poorly with the number of classes. Hence, recent meta-learning papers have proposed ad-hoc heuristics to automatically build and label this validation set, but these heuristics are still sub-optimal for meta-learning. In this paper, we analyse the meta-learning algorithm and propose new criteria to characterise the utility of the validation set, based on: 1) the informativeness of the validation set; 2) the class distribution balance of the set; and 3) the correctness of the labels of the set. Furthermore, we propose a new imbalanced noisy-label meta-learning (INOLML) algorithm that automatically builds a validation set by maximising its utility using the criteria above. Our method shows significant improvements over previous meta-learning approaches and sets the new state-of-the-art on several benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Hybrid SFANC-FxNLMS Algorithm for Active Noise Control based on Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08082">arxiv:2208.08082</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhengding Luo, Dongyuan Shi, Woon-Seng Gan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The selective fixed-filter active noise control (SFANC) method selecting the best pre-trained control filters for various types of noise can achieve a fast response time. However, it may lead to large steady-state errors due to inaccurate filter selection and the lack of adaptability. In comparison, the filtered-X normalized least-mean-square (FxNLMS) algorithm can obtain lower steady-state errors through adaptive optimization. Nonetheless, its slow convergence has a detrimental effect on dynamic noise attenuation. Therefore, this paper proposes a hybrid SFANC-FxNLMS approach to overcome the adaptive algorithm's slow convergence and provide a better noise reduction level than the SFANC method. A lightweight one-dimensional convolutional neural network (1D CNN) is designed to automatically select the most suitable pre-trained control filter for each frame of the primary noise. Meanwhile, the FxNLMS algorithm continues to update the coefficients of the chosen pre-trained control filter at the sampling rate. Owing to the effective combination of the two algorithms, experimental results show that the hybrid SFANC-FxNLMS algorithm can achieve a rapid response time, a low noise reduction error, and a high degree of robustness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Early heart disease prediction using hybrid quantum classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08882">arxiv:2208.08882</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hanif Heidari, Gerhard Hellstern</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The rate of heart morbidity and heart mortality increases significantly which affect the global public health and world economy. Early prediction of heart disease is crucial for reducing heart morbidity and mortality. This paper proposes two quantum machine learning methods i.e. hybrid quantum neural network and hybrid random forest quantum neural network for early detection of heart disease. The methods are applied on the Cleveland and Statlog datasets. The results show that hybrid quantum neural network and hybrid random forest quantum neural network are suitable for high dimensional and low dimensional problems respectively. The hybrid quantum neural network is sensitive to outlier data while hybrid random forest is robust on outlier data. A comparison between different machine learning methods shows that the proposed quantum methods are more appropriate for early heart disease prediction where 96.43% and 97.78% area under curve are obtained for Cleveland and Statlog dataset respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Learning in Grey Spatiotemporal Systems: A Prophet to Non-consecutive Spatiotemporal Dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08878">arxiv:2208.08878</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhengyang Zhou, Yang Kuo, Wei Sun, Binwu Wang, Min Zhou, Yunan Zong, Yang Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spatiotemporal forecasting is an imperative topic in data science due to its diverse and critical applications in smart cities. Existing works mostly perform consecutive predictions of following steps with observations completely and continuously obtained, where nearest observations can be exploited as key knowledge for instantaneous status estimation. However, the practical issues of early activity planning and sensor failures elicit a brand-new task, i.e., non-consecutive forecasting. In this paper, we define spatiotemporal learning systems with missing observation as Grey Spatiotemporal Systems (G2S) and propose a Factor-Decoupled learning framework for G2S (FDG2S), where the core idea is to hierarchically decouple multi-level factors and enable both flexible aggregations and disentangled uncertainty estimations. Firstly, to compensate for missing observations, a generic semantic-neighboring sequence sampling is devised, which selects representative sequences to capture both periodical regularity and instantaneous variations. Secondly, we turn the predictions of non-consecutive statuses into inferring statuses under expected combined exogenous factors. In particular, a factor-decoupled aggregation scheme is proposed to decouple factor-induced predictive intensity and region-wise proximity by two energy functions of conditional random field. To infer region-wise proximity under flexible factor-wise combinations and enable dynamic neighborhood aggregations, we further disentangle compounded influences of exogenous factors on region-wise proximity and learn to aggregate them. Given the inherent incompleteness and critical applications of G2S, a DisEntangled Uncertainty Quantification is put forward, to identify two types of uncertainty for reliability guarantees and model interpretations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semantic Communications with Discrete-time Analog Transmission: A PAPR Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08342">arxiv:2208.08342</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yulin Shao, Deniz Gunduz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent progress in deep learning (DL)-based joint source-channel coding (DeepJSCC) has led to a new paradigm of semantic communications. Two salient features of DeepJSCC-based semantic communications are the exploitation of semantic-aware features directly from the source signal, and the discrete-time analog transmission (DTAT) of these features. Compared with traditional digital communications, semantic communications with DeepJSCC provide superior reconstruction performance at the receiver and graceful degradation with diminishing channel quality, but also exhibit a large peak-to-average power ratio (PAPR) in the transmitted signal. An open question has been whether the gains of DeepJSCC come from the additional freedom brought by the high-PAPR continuous-amplitude signal. In this paper, we address this question by exploring three PAPR reduction techniques in the application of image transmission. We confirm that the superior image reconstruction performance of DeepJSCC-based semantic communications can be retained while the transmitted PAPR is suppressed to an acceptable level. This observation is an important step towards the implementation of DeepJSCC in practical semantic communication systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Position-aware Structure Learning for Graph Topology-imbalance by Relieving Under-reaching and Over-squashing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08302">arxiv:2208.08302</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Qingyun Sun, Jianxin Li, Haonan Yuan, Xingcheng Fu, Hao Peng, Cheng Ji, Qian Li, Philip S. Yu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Topology-imbalance is a graph-specific imbalance problem caused by the uneven topology positions of labeled nodes, which significantly damages the performance of GNNs. What topology-imbalance means and how to measure its impact on graph learning remain under-explored. In this paper, we provide a new understanding of topology-imbalance from a global view of the supervision information distribution in terms of under-reaching and over-squashing, which motivates two quantitative metrics as measurements. In light of our analysis, we propose a novel position-aware graph structure learning framework named PASTEL, which directly optimizes the information propagation path and solves the topology-imbalance issue in essence. Our key insight is to enhance the connectivity of nodes within the same class for more supervision information, thereby relieving the under-reaching and over-squashing phenomena. Specifically, we design an anchor-based position encoding mechanism, which better incorporates relative topology position and enhances the intra-class inductive bias by maximizing the label influence. We further propose a class-wise conflict measure as the edge weights, which benefits the separation of different node classes. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superior potential and adaptability of PASTEL in enhancing GNNs' power in different data annotation scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sparse Nonnegative Tucker Decomposition and Completion under Noisy Observations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08287">arxiv:2208.08287</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiongjun Zhang, Michael K. Ng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tensor decomposition is a powerful tool for extracting physically meaningful latent factors from multi-dimensional nonnegative data, and has been an increasing interest in a variety of fields such as image processing, machine learning, and computer vision. In this paper, we propose a sparse nonnegative Tucker decomposition and completion method for the recovery of underlying nonnegative data under noisy observations. Here the underlying nonnegative data tensor is decomposed into a core tensor and several factor matrices with all entries being nonnegative and the factor matrices being sparse. The loss function is derived by the maximum likelihood estimation of the noisy observations, and the $\ell_0$ norm is employed to enhance the sparsity of the factor matrices. We establish the error bound of the estimator of the proposed model under generic noise scenarios, which is then specified to the observations with additive Gaussian noise, additive Laplace noise, and Poisson observations, respectively. Our theoretical results are better than those by existing tensor-based or matrix-based methods. Moreover, the minimax lower bounds are shown to be matched with the derived upper bounds up to logarithmic factors. Numerical examples on both synthetic and real-world data sets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method for nonnegative tensor data completion.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semi-Supervised Anomaly Detection Based on Quadratic Multiform Separation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08265">arxiv:2208.08265</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ko-Hui Michael Fan, Chih-Chung Chang, Kuang-Hsiao-Yin Kongguoluo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we propose a novel method for semi-supervised anomaly detection (SSAD). Our classifier is named QMS22 as its inception was dated 2022 upon the framework of quadratic multiform separation (QMS), a recently introduced classification model. QMS22 tackles SSAD by solving a multi-class classification problem involving both the training set and the test set of the original problem. The classification problem intentionally includes classes with overlapping samples. One of the classes contains mixture of normal samples and outliers, and all other classes contain only normal samples. An outlier score is then calculated for every sample in the test set using the outcome of the classification problem. We also include performance evaluation of QMS22 against top performing classifiers using ninety-five benchmark imbalanced datasets from the KEEL repository. These classifiers are BRM (Bagging-Random Miner), OCKRA (One-Class K-means with Randomly-projected features Algorithm), ISOF (Isolation Forest), and ocSVM (One-Class Support Vector Machine). It is shown by using the area under the curve of the receiver operating characteristic curve as the performance measure, QMS22 significantly outperforms ISOF and ocSVM. Moreover, the Wilcoxon signed-rank tests reveal that there is no statistically significant difference when testing QMS22 against BRM nor QMS22 against OCKRA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Two-Stage Robust and Sparse Distributed Statistical Inference for Large-Scale Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08230">arxiv:2208.08230</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Emadaldin Mozafari-Majd, Visa Koivunen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we address the problem of conducting statistical inference in settings involving large-scale data that may be high-dimensional and contaminated by outliers. The high volume and dimensionality of the data require distributed processing and storage solutions. We propose a two-stage distributed and robust statistical inference procedures coping with high-dimensional models by promoting sparsity. In the first stage, known as model selection, relevant predictors are locally selected by applying robust Lasso estimators to the distinct subsets of data. The variable selections from each computation node are then fused by a voting scheme to find the sparse basis for the complete data set. It identifies the relevant variables in a robust manner. In the second stage, the developed statistically robust and computationally efficient bootstrap methods are employed. The actual inference constructs confidence intervals, finds parameter estimates and quantifies standard deviation. Similar to stage 1, the results of local inference are communicated to the fusion center and combined there. By using analytical methods, we establish the favorable statistical properties of the robust and computationally efficient bootstrap methods including consistency for a fixed number of predictors, and robustness. The proposed two-stage robust and distributed inference procedures demonstrate reliable performance and robustness in variable selection, finding confidence intervals and bootstrap approximations of standard deviations even when data is high-dimensional and contaminated by outliers.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning-Based Discrete Calibrated Survival Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08182">arxiv:2208.08182</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Patrick Fuhlert, Anne Ernst, Esther Dietrich, Fabian Westhaeusser, Karin Kloiber, Stefan Bonn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep neural networks for survival prediction outper-form classical approaches in discrimination, which is the ordering of patients according to their time-of-event. Conversely, classical approaches like the Cox Proportional Hazards model display much better calibration, the correct temporal prediction of events of the underlying distribution. Especially in the medical domain, where it is critical to predict the survival of a single patient, both discrimination and calibration are important performance metrics. Here we present Discrete Calibrated Survival (DCS), a novel deep neural network for discriminated and calibrated survival prediction that outperforms competing survival models in discrimination on three medical datasets, while achieving best calibration among all discrete time models. The enhanced performance of DCS can be attributed to two novel features, the variable temporal output node spacing and the novel loss term that optimizes the use of uncensored and censored patient data. We believe that DCS is an important step towards clinical application of deep-learning-based survival prediction with state-of-the-art discrimination and good calibration.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Random Search Hyper-Parameter Tuning: Expected Improvement Estimation and the Corresponding Lower Bound</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08170">arxiv:2208.08170</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dan Navon, Alex M. Bronstein</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hyperparameter tuning is a common technique for improving the performance of neural networks. Most techniques for hyperparameter search involve an iterated process where the model is retrained at every iteration. However, the expected accuracy improvement from every additional search iteration, is still unknown. Calculating the expected improvement can help create stopping rules for hyperparameter tuning and allow for a wiser allocation of a project's computational budget. In this paper, we establish an empirical estimate for the expected accuracy improvement from an additional iteration of hyperparameter search. Our results hold for any hyperparameter tuning method which is based on random search \cite{bergstra2012random} and samples hyperparameters from a fixed distribution. We bound our estimate with an error of $O\left(\sqrt{\frac{\log k}{k}}\right)$ w.h.p. where $k$ is the current number of iterations. To the best of our knowledge this is the first bound on the expected gain from an additional iteration of hyperparameter search. Finally, we demonstrate that the optimal estimate for the expected accuracy will still have an error of $\frac{1}{k}$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Empirical Study on the Membership Inference Attack against Tabular Data Synthesis Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08114">arxiv:2208.08114</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jihyeon Hyeong, Jayoung Kim, Noseong Park, Sushil Jajodia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Tabular data typically contains private and important information; thus, precautions must be taken before they are shared with others. Although several methods (e.g., differential privacy and k-anonymity) have been proposed to prevent information leakage, in recent years, tabular data synthesis models have become popular because they can well trade-off between data utility and privacy. However, recent research has shown that generative models for image data are susceptible to the membership inference attack, which can determine whether a given record was used to train a victim synthesis model. In this paper, we investigate the membership inference attack in the context of tabular data synthesis. We conduct experiments on 4 state-of-the-art tabular data synthesis models under two attack scenarios (i.e., one black-box and one white-box attack), and find that the membership inference attack can seriously jeopardize these models. We next conduct experiments to evaluate how well two popular differentially-private deep learning training algorithms, DP-SGD and DP-GAN, can protect the models against the attack. Our key finding is that both algorithms can largely alleviate this threat by sacrificing the generation quality.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learn to Detect and Detect to Learn: Structure Learning and Decision Feedback for MIMO-OFDM Receive Processing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09287">arxiv:2208.09287</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jiarui Xu, Lianjun Li, Lizhong Zheng, Lingjia Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One of the major open challenges in MIMO-OFDM receive processing is how to efficiently and effectively utilize the extremely limited over-the-air pilot symbols to detect the transmitted data symbols. Recent advances have been devoted to investigating effective ways to utilize the limited pilots. However, we notice that besides exploiting the pilots, one can take advantage of the data symbols to improve the detection performance. Thus, this paper introduces an online subframe-based approach, namely RC-StructNet, that can efficiently learn from the precious pilot symbols and be dynamically updated with the detected payload data using the decision feedback (DF) approach. The network consists of a reservoir computing (RC) module in the time domain and a neural network StructNet in the frequency domain. The unique design of the network allows it to be dynamically updated with the changes of the channel by learning from the detected data symbols. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of RC-StructNet in detection under dynamic transmission modes and in reducing the training overhead requirement when taking the DF approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EEG-BBNet: a Hybrid Framework for Brain Biometric using Graph Connectivity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08901">arxiv:2208.08901</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Payongkit Lakhan, Nannapas Banluesombatkul, Natchaya Sricom, Korn Surapat, Ratha Rotruchiphong, Phattarapong Sawangjai, Tohru Yagi, Tulaya Limpiti, Theerawit Wilaiprasitporn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Brain biometrics based on electroencephalography (EEG) have been used increasingly for personal identification. Traditional machine learning techniques as well as modern day deep learning methods have been applied with promising results. In this paper we present EEG-BBNet, a hybrid network which integrates convolutional neural networks (CNN) with graph convolutional neural networks (GCNN). The benefit of the CNN in automatic feature extraction and the capability of GCNN in learning connectivity between EEG electrodes through graph representation are jointly exploited. We examine various connectivity measures, namely the Euclidean distance, Pearson's correlation coefficient, phase-locked value, phase-lag index, and Rho index. The performance of the proposed method is assessed on a benchmark dataset consisting of various brain-computer interface (BCI) tasks and compared to other state-of-the-art approaches. We found that our models outperform all baselines in the event-related potential (ERP) task with an average correct recognition rates up to 99.26% using intra-session data. EEG-BBNet with Pearson's correlation and RHO index provide the best classification results. In addition, our model demonstrates greater adaptability using inter-session and inter-task data. We also investigate the practicality of our proposed model with smaller number of electrodes. Electrode placements over the frontal lobe region appears to be most appropriate with minimal lost in performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Merchandise Recommendation for Retail Events with Word Embedding Weighted Tf-idf and Dynamic Query Expansion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08581">arxiv:2208.08581</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ted Tao Yuan, Zezhong Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To recommend relevant merchandises for seasonal retail events, we rely on item retrieval from marketplace inventory. With feedback to expand query scope, we discuss keyword expansion candidate selection using word embedding similarity, and an enhanced tf-idf formula for expanded words in search ranking.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ObfuNAS: A Neural Architecture Search-based DNN Obfuscation Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08569">arxiv:2208.08569</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Tong Zhou, Shaolei Ren, Xiaolin Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Malicious architecture extraction has been emerging as a crucial concern for deep neural network (DNN) security. As a defense, architecture obfuscation is proposed to remap the victim DNN to a different architecture. Nonetheless, we observe that, with only extracting an obfuscated DNN architecture, the adversary can still retrain a substitute model with high performance (e.g., accuracy), rendering the obfuscation techniques ineffective. To mitigate this under-explored vulnerability, we propose ObfuNAS, which converts the DNN architecture obfuscation into a neural architecture search (NAS) problem. Using a combination of function-preserving obfuscation strategies, ObfuNAS ensures that the obfuscated DNN architecture can only achieve lower accuracy than the victim. We validate the performance of ObfuNAS with open-source architecture datasets like NAS-Bench-101 and NAS-Bench-301. The experimental results demonstrate that ObfuNAS can successfully find the optimal mask for a victim model within a given FLOPs constraint, leading up to 2.6% inference accuracy degradation for attackers with only 0.14x FLOPs overhead. The code is available at: https://github.com/Tongzhou0101/ObfuNAS.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Minimum Cost Adaptive Submodular Cover</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08351">arxiv:2208.08351</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yubing Cui, Viswanath Nagarajan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of minimum cost cover of adaptive-submodular functions, and provide a 4(ln Q+1)-approximation algorithm, where Q is the goal value. This bound is nearly the best possible as the problem does not admit any approximation ratio better than ln Q (unless P=NP). Our result is the first O(ln Q)-approximation algorithm for this problem. Previously, O(ln Q) approximation algorithms were only known assuming either independent items or unit-cost items. Furthermore, our result easily extends to the setting where one wants to simultaneously cover multiple adaptive-submodular functions: we obtain the first approximation algorithm for this generalization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multimodal foundation models are better simulators of the human brain</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08263">arxiv:2208.08263</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Haoyu Lu, Qiongyi Zhou, Nanyi Fei, Zhiwu Lu, Mingyu Ding, Jingyuan Wen, Changde Du, Xin Zhao, Hao Sun, Huiguang He, Ji-Rong Wen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multimodal learning, especially large-scale multimodal pre-training, has developed rapidly over the past few years and led to the greatest advances in artificial intelligence (AI). Despite its effectiveness, understanding the underlying mechanism of multimodal pre-training models still remains a grand challenge. Revealing the explainability of such models is likely to enable breakthroughs of novel learning paradigms in the AI field. To this end, given the multimodal nature of the human brain, we propose to explore the explainability of multimodal learning models with the aid of non-invasive brain imaging technologies such as functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). Concretely, we first present a newly-designed multimodal foundation model pre-trained on 15 million image-text pairs, which has shown strong multimodal understanding and generalization abilities in a variety of cognitive downstream tasks. Further, from the perspective of neural encoding (based on our foundation model), we find that both visual and lingual encoders trained multimodally are more brain-like compared with unimodal ones. Particularly, we identify a number of brain regions where multimodally-trained encoders demonstrate better neural encoding performance. This is consistent with the findings in existing studies on exploring brain multi-sensory integration. Therefore, we believe that multimodal foundation models are more suitable tools for neuroscientists to study the multimodal signal processing mechanisms in the human brain. Our findings also demonstrate the potential of multimodal foundation models as ideal computational simulators to promote both AI-for-brain and brain-for-AI research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Elements of Datasets for Cyber Physical Systems Security</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08255">arxiv:2208.08255</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ashraf Tantawy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Datasets are essential to apply AI algorithms to Cyber Physical System (CPS) Security. Due to scarcity of real CPS datasets, researchers elected to generate their own datasets using either real or virtualized testbeds. However, unlike other AI domains, a CPS is a complex system with many interfaces that determine its behavior. A dataset that comprises merely a collection of sensor measurements and network traffic may not be sufficient to develop resilient AI defensive or offensive agents. In this paper, we study the \emph{elements} of CPS security datasets required to capture the system behavior and interactions, and propose a dataset architecture that has the potential to enhance the performance of AI algorithms in securing cyber physical systems. The framework includes dataset elements, attack representation, and required dataset features. We compare existing datasets to the proposed architecture to identify the current limitations and discuss the future of CPS dataset generation using testbeds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dynamical softassign and adaptive parameter tuning for graph matching</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08233">arxiv:2208.08233</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Binrui Shen, Qiang Niu, Shengxin Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper studies a framework, projected fixed-point method, for graph matching. The framework contains a class of popular graph matching algorithms, including graduated assignment (GA), integer projected fixed-point method (IPFP) and doubly stochastic projected fixed-point method (DSPFP). We propose an adaptive strategy to tune the step size parameter in this framework. Such a strategy improves these algorithms in efficiency and accuracy. Further, it guarantees the convergence of the underlying algorithms. Some preliminary analysis based on distance geometry seems to support that the optimal step size parameter has a high probability of 1 when graphs are fully connected. Secondly, it is observed that a popular projection method, softassign, is sensitive to graphs' cardinality(size). We proposed a dynamical softassign algorithm that is robust to graphs' cardinality. Combining the adaptive step size and the dynamical softassign, we propose a novel graph matching algorithm: the adaptive projected fixed-point method with dynamical softassign. Various experiments demonstrate that the proposed algorithm is significantly faster than several other state-of-art algorithms with no loss of accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AHEAD: A Triple Attention Based Heterogeneous Graph Anomaly Detection Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08200">arxiv:2208.08200</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shujie Yang, Binchi Zhang, Shangbin Feng, Zhaoxuan Tan, Qinghua Zheng, Jun Zhou, Minnan Luo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph anomaly detection on attributed networks has become a prevalent research topic due to its broad applications in many influential domains. In real-world scenarios, nodes and edges in attributed networks usually display distinct heterogeneity, i.e. attributes of different types of nodes show great variety, different types of relations represent diverse meanings. Anomalies usually perform differently from the majority in various perspectives of heterogeneity in these networks. However, existing graph anomaly detection approaches do not leverage heterogeneity in attributed networks, which is highly related to anomaly detection. In light of this problem, we propose AHEAD: a heterogeneity-aware unsupervised graph anomaly detection approach based on the encoder-decoder framework. Specifically, for the encoder, we design three levels of attention, i.e. attribute level, node type level, and edge level attentions to capture the heterogeneity of network structure, node properties and information of a single node, respectively. In the decoder, we exploit structure, attribute, and node type reconstruction terms to obtain an anomaly score for each node. Extensive experiments show the superiority of AHEAD on several real-world heterogeneous information networks compared with the state-of-arts in the unsupervised setting. Further experiments verify the effectiveness and robustness of our triple attention, model backbone, and decoder in general.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Assurance Cases as Foundation Stone for Auditing AI-enabled and Autonomous Systems: Workshop Results and Political Recommendations for Action from the ExamAI Project</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08198">arxiv:2208.08198</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Rasmus Adler, Michael Klaes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The European Machinery Directive and related harmonized standards do consider that software is used to generate safety-relevant behavior of the machinery but do not consider all kinds of software. In particular, software based on machine learning (ML) are not considered for the realization of safety-relevant behavior. This limits the introduction of suitable safety concepts for autonomous mobile robots and other autonomous machinery, which commonly depend on ML-based functions. We investigated this issue and the way safety standards define safety measures to be implemented against software faults. Functional safety standards use Safety Integrity Levels (SILs) to define which safety measures shall be implemented. They provide rules for determining the SIL and rules for selecting safety measures depending on the SIL. In this paper, we argue that this approach can hardly be adopted with respect to ML and other kinds of Artificial Intelligence (AI). Instead of simple rules for determining an SIL and applying related measures against faults, we propose the use of assurance cases to argue that the individually selected and applied measures are sufficient in the given case. To get a first rating regarding the feasibility and usefulness of our proposal, we presented and discussed it in a workshop with experts from industry, German statutory accident insurance companies, work safety and standardization commissions, and representatives from various national, European, and international working groups dealing with safety and AI. In this paper, we summarize the proposal and the workshop discussion. Moreover, we check to which extent our proposal is in line with the European AI Act proposal and current safety standardization initiatives addressing AI and Autonomous Systems

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CommitBART: A Large Pre-trained Model for GitHub Commits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08100">arxiv:2208.08100</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shangqing Liu, Yanzhou Li, Yang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** GitHub commits, which record the code changes with natural language messages for description, play a critical role for software developers to comprehend the software evolution. To promote the development of the open-source software community, we collect a commit benchmark including over 7.99 million commits across 7 programming languages. Based on this benchmark, we present CommitBART, a large pre-trained encoder-decoder Transformer model for GitHub commits. The model is pre-trained by three categories (i.e., denoising objectives, cross-modal generation and contrastive learning) for six pre-training tasks to learn commit fragment representations. Furthermore, we unify a "commit intelligence" framework with one understanding task and three generation tasks for commits. The comprehensive experiments on these tasks demonstrate that CommitBART significantly outperforms previous pre-trained works for code. Further analysis also reveals each pre-training task enhances the model performance. We encourage the follow-up researchers to contribute more commit-related downstream tasks to our framework in the future.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Domain Knowledge in A*-Based Causal Discovery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08247">arxiv:2208.08247</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Steven Kleinegesse, Andrew R. Lawrence, Hana Chockler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Causal discovery has become a vital tool for scientists and practitioners wanting to discover causal relationships from observational data. While most previous approaches to causal discovery have implicitly assumed that no expert domain knowledge is available, practitioners can often provide such domain knowledge from prior experience. Recent work has incorporated domain knowledge into constraint-based causal discovery. The majority of such constraint-based methods, however, assume causal faithfulness, which has been shown to be frequently violated in practice. Consequently, there has been renewed attention towards exact-search score-based causal discovery methods, which do not assume causal faithfulness, such as A*-based methods. However, there has been no consideration of these methods in the context of domain knowledge. In this work, we focus on efficiently integrating several types of domain knowledge into A*-based causal discovery. In doing so, we discuss and explain how domain knowledge can reduce the graph search space and then provide an analysis of the potential computational gains. We support these findings with experiments on synthetic and real data, showing that even small amounts of domain knowledge can dramatically speed up A*-based causal discovery and improve its performance and practicality.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.08.16]({{ '/2022/08/16/2022.08.16.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.08.18]({{ '/2022/08/18/2022.08.18.html' | relative_url }})