Prev: [2022.08.17]({{ '/2022/08/17/2022.08.17.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.08.19]({{ '/2022/08/19/2022.08.19.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-08-18, created on 2022-08-28


<details><summary><b>Musika! Fast Infinite Waveform Music Generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08706">arxiv:2208.08706</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9450 <br>
<p>Marco Pasini, Jan Schlüter</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fast and user-controllable music generation could enable novel ways of composing or performing music. However, state-of-the-art music generation systems require large amounts of data and computational resources for training, and are slow at inference. This makes them impractical for real-time interactive use. In this work, we introduce Musika, a music generation system that can be trained on hundreds of hours of music using a single consumer GPU, and that allows for much faster than real-time generation of music of arbitrary length on a consumer CPU. We achieve this by first learning a compact invertible representation of spectrogram magnitudes and phases with adversarial autoencoders, then training a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) on this representation for a particular music domain. A latent coordinate system enables generating arbitrarily long sequences of excerpts in parallel, while a global context vector allows the music to remain stylistically coherent through time. We perform quantitative evaluations to assess the quality of the generated samples and showcase options for user control in piano and techno music generation. We release the source code and pretrained autoencoder weights at github.com/marcoppasini/musika, such that a GAN can be trained on a new music domain with a single GPU in a matter of hours.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Payoff Machines: Predicting Fair and Stable Payoff Allocations Among Team Members</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08798">arxiv:2208.08798</a>
&#x1F4C8; 441 <br>
<p>Daphne Cornelisse, Thomas Rood, Mateusz Malinowski, Yoram Bachrach, Tal Kachman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In many multi-agent settings, participants can form teams to achieve collective outcomes that may far surpass their individual capabilities. Measuring the relative contributions of agents and allocating them shares of the reward that promote long-lasting cooperation are difficult tasks. Cooperative game theory offers solution concepts identifying distribution schemes, such as the Shapley value, that fairly reflect the contribution of individuals to the performance of the team or the Core, which reduces the incentive of agents to abandon their team. Applications of such methods include identifying influential features and sharing the costs of joint ventures or team formation. Unfortunately, using these solutions requires tackling a computational barrier as they are hard to compute, even in restricted settings. In this work, we show how cooperative game-theoretic solutions can be distilled into a learned model by training neural networks to propose fair and stable payoff allocations. We show that our approach creates models that can generalize to games far from the training distribution and can predict solutions for more players than observed during training. An important application of our framework is Explainable AI: our approach can be used to speed-up Shapley value computations on many instances.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>IAN: Iterated Adaptive Neighborhoods for manifold learning and dimensionality estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09123">arxiv:2208.09123</a>
&#x1F4C8; 125 <br>
<p>Luciano Dyballa, Steven W. Zucker</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Invoking the manifold assumption in machine learning requires knowledge of the manifold's geometry and dimension, and theory dictates how many samples are required. However, in applications data are limited, sampling may not be uniform, and manifold properties are unknown and (possibly) non-pure; this implies that neighborhoods must adapt to the local structure. We introduce an algorithm for inferring adaptive neighborhoods for data given by a similarity kernel. Starting with a locally-conservative neighborhood (Gabriel) graph, we sparsify it iteratively according to a weighted counterpart. In each step, a linear program yields minimal neighborhoods globally and a volumetric statistic reveals neighbor outliers likely to violate manifold geometry. We apply our adaptive neighborhoods to non-linear dimensionality reduction, geodesic computation and dimension estimation. A comparison against standard algorithms using, e.g., k-nearest neighbors, demonstrates their usefulness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhancing Diffusion-Based Image Synthesis with Robust Classifier Guidance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08664">arxiv:2208.08664</a>
&#x1F4C8; 95 <br>
<p>Bahjat Kawar, Roy Ganz, Michael Elad</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Denoising diffusion probabilistic models (DDPMs) are a recent family of generative models that achieve state-of-the-art results. In order to obtain class-conditional generation, it was suggested to guide the diffusion process by gradients from a time-dependent classifier. While the idea is theoretically sound, deep learning-based classifiers are infamously susceptible to gradient-based adversarial attacks. Therefore, while traditional classifiers may achieve good accuracy scores, their gradients are possibly unreliable and might hinder the improvement of the generation results. Recent work discovered that adversarially robust classifiers exhibit gradients that are aligned with human perception, and these could better guide a generative process towards semantically meaningful images. We utilize this observation by defining and training a time-dependent adversarially robust classifier and use it as guidance for a generative diffusion model. In experiments on the highly challenging and diverse ImageNet dataset, our scheme introduces significantly more intelligible intermediate gradients, better alignment with theoretical findings, as well as improved generation results under several evaluation metrics. Furthermore, we conduct an opinion survey whose findings indicate that human raters prefer our method's results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lifted Bregman Training of Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08772">arxiv:2208.08772</a>
&#x1F4C8; 80 <br>
<p>Xiaoyu Wang, Martin Benning</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a novel mathematical formulation for the training of feed-forward neural networks with (potentially non-smooth) proximal maps as activation functions. This formulation is based on Bregman distances and a key advantage is that its partial derivatives with respect to the network's parameters do not require the computation of derivatives of the network's activation functions. Instead of estimating the parameters with a combination of first-order optimisation method and back-propagation (as is the state-of-the-art), we propose the use of non-smooth first-order optimisation methods that exploit the specific structure of the novel formulation. We present several numerical results that demonstrate that these training approaches can be equally well or even better suited for the training of neural network-based classifiers and (denoising) autoencoders with sparse coding compared to more conventional training frameworks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Resisting Adversarial Attacks in Deep Neural Networks using Diverse Decision Boundaries</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08697">arxiv:2208.08697</a>
&#x1F4C8; 80 <br>
<p>Manaar Alam, Shubhajit Datta, Debdeep Mukhopadhyay, Arijit Mondal, Partha Pratim Chakrabarti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The security of deep learning (DL) systems is an extremely important field of study as they are being deployed in several applications due to their ever-improving performance to solve challenging tasks. Despite overwhelming promises, the deep learning systems are vulnerable to crafted adversarial examples, which may be imperceptible to the human eye, but can lead the model to misclassify. Protections against adversarial perturbations on ensemble-based techniques have either been shown to be vulnerable to stronger adversaries or shown to lack an end-to-end evaluation. In this paper, we attempt to develop a new ensemble-based solution that constructs defender models with diverse decision boundaries with respect to the original model. The ensemble of classifiers constructed by (1) transformation of the input by a method called Split-and-Shuffle, and (2) restricting the significant features by a method called Contrast-Significant-Features are shown to result in diverse gradients with respect to adversarial attacks, which reduces the chance of transferring adversarial examples from the original to the defender model targeting the same class. We present extensive experimentations using standard image classification datasets, namely MNIST, CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 against state-of-the-art adversarial attacks to demonstrate the robustness of the proposed ensemble-based defense. We also evaluate the robustness in the presence of a stronger adversary targeting all the models within the ensemble simultaneously. Results for the overall false positives and false negatives have been furnished to estimate the overall performance of the proposed methodology.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>VAuLT: Augmenting the Vision-and-Language Transformer with the Propagation of Deep Language Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09021">arxiv:2208.09021</a>
&#x1F4C8; 77 <br>
<p>Georgios Chochlakis, Tejas Srinivasan, Jesse Thomason, Shrikanth Narayanan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose the Vision-and-Augmented-Language Transformer (VAuLT). VAuLT is an extension of the popular Vision-and-Language Transformer (ViLT), and improves performance on vision-and-language tasks that involve more complex text inputs than image captions while having minimal impact on training and inference efficiency. ViLT, importantly, enables efficient training and inference in vision-and-language tasks, achieved by using a shallow image encoder. However, it is pretrained on captioning and similar datasets, where the language input is simple, literal, and descriptive, therefore lacking linguistic diversity. So, when working with multimedia data in the wild, such as multimodal social media data (in our work, Twitter), there is a notable shift from captioning language data, as well as diversity of tasks, and we indeed find evidence that the language capacity of ViLT is lacking instead. The key insight of VAuLT is to propagate the output representations of a large language model like BERT to the language input of ViLT. We show that such a strategy significantly improves over ViLT on vision-and-language tasks involving richer language inputs and affective constructs, such as TWITTER-2015, TWITTER-2017, MVSA-Single and MVSA-Multiple, but lags behind pure reasoning tasks such as the Bloomberg Twitter Text-Image Relationship dataset. We have released the code for all our experiments at https://github.com/gchochla/VAuLT.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Network inference via process motifs for lagged correlation in linear stochastic processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08871">arxiv:2208.08871</a>
&#x1F4C8; 59 <br>
<p>Alice C. Schwarze, Sara M. Ichinaga, Bingni W. Brunton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A major challenge for causal inference from time-series data is the trade-off between computational feasibility and accuracy. Motivated by process motifs for lagged covariance in an autoregressive model with slow mean-reversion, we propose to infer networks of causal relations via pairwise edge measure (PEMs) that one can easily compute from lagged correlation matrices. Motivated by contributions of process motifs to covariance and lagged variance, we formulate two PEMs that correct for confounding factors and for reverse causation. To demonstrate the performance of our PEMs, we consider network interference from simulations of linear stochastic processes, and we show that our proposed PEMs can infer networks accurately and efficiently. Specifically, for slightly autocorrelated time-series data, our approach achieves accuracies higher than or similar to Granger causality, transfer entropy, and convergent crossmapping -- but with much shorter computation time than possible with any of these methods. Our fast and accurate PEMs are easy-to-implement methods for network inference with a clear theoretical underpinning. They provide promising alternatives to current paradigms for the inference of linear models from time-series data, including Granger causality, vector-autoregression, and sparse inverse covariance estimation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mapping Husserlian phenomenology onto active inference</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09058">arxiv:2208.09058</a>
&#x1F4C8; 57 <br>
<p>Mahault Albarracin, Riddhi J. Pitliya, Maxwell J. D. Ramstead, Jeffrey Yoshimi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Phenomenology is the rigorous descriptive study of conscious experience. Recent attempts to formalize Husserlian phenomenology provide us with a mathematical model of perception as a function of prior knowledge and expectation. In this paper, we re-examine elements of Husserlian phenomenology through the lens of active inference. In doing so, we aim to advance the project of computational phenomenology, as recently outlined by proponents of active inference. We propose that key aspects of Husserl's descriptions of consciousness can be mapped onto aspects of the generative models associated with the active inference approach. We first briefly review active inference. We then discuss Husserl's phenomenology, with a focus on time consciousness. Finally, we present our mapping from Husserlian phenomenology to active inference.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quality issues in Machine Learning Software Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08982">arxiv:2208.08982</a>
&#x1F4C8; 56 <br>
<p>Pierre-Olivier Côté, Amin Nikanjam, Rached Bouchoucha, Foutse Khomh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Context: An increasing demand is observed in various domains to employ Machine Learning (ML) for solving complex problems. ML models are implemented as software components and deployed in Machine Learning Software Systems (MLSSs). Problem: There is a strong need for ensuring the serving quality of MLSSs. False or poor decisions of such systems can lead to malfunction of other systems, significant financial losses, or even threat to human life. The quality assurance of MLSSs is considered as a challenging task and currently is a hot research topic. Moreover, it is important to cover all various aspects of the quality in MLSSs. Objective: This paper aims to investigate the characteristics of real quality issues in MLSSs from the viewpoint of practitioners. This empirical study aims to identify a catalog of bad-practices related to poor quality in MLSSs. Method: We plan to conduct a set of interviews with practitioners/experts, believing that interviews are the best method to retrieve their experience and practices when dealing with quality issues. We expect that the catalog of issues developed at this step will also help us later to identify the severity, root causes, and possible remedy for quality issues of MLSSs, allowing us to develop efficient quality assurance tools for ML models and MLSSs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discovering Bugs in Vision Models using Off-the-shelf Image Generation and Captioning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08831">arxiv:2208.08831</a>
&#x1F4C8; 52 <br>
<p>Olivia Wiles, Isabela Albuquerque, Sven Gowal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automatically discovering failures in vision models under real-world settings remains an open challenge. This work demonstrates how off-the-shelf, large-scale, image-to-text and text-to-image models, trained on vast amounts of data, can be leveraged to automatically find such failures. In essence, a conditional text-to-image generative model is used to generate large amounts of synthetic, yet realistic, inputs given a ground-truth label. Misclassified inputs are clustered and a captioning model is used to describe each cluster. Each cluster's description is used in turn to generate more inputs and assess whether specific clusters induce more failures than expected. We use this pipeline to demonstrate that we can effectively interrogate classifiers trained on ImageNet to find specific failure cases and discover spurious correlations. We also show that we can scale the approach to generate adversarial datasets targeting specific classifier architectures. This work serves as a proof-of-concept demonstrating the utility of large-scale generative models to automatically discover bugs in vision models in an open-ended manner. We also describe a number of limitations and pitfalls related to this approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Speech Representation Disentanglement with Adversarial Mutual Information Learning for One-shot Voice Conversion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08757">arxiv:2208.08757</a>
&#x1F4C8; 19 <br>
<p>SiCheng Yang, Methawee Tantrawenith, Haolin Zhuang, Zhiyong Wu, Aolan Sun, Jianzong Wang, Ning Cheng, Huaizhen Tang, Xintao Zhao, Jie Wang, Helen Meng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One-shot voice conversion (VC) with only a single target speaker's speech for reference has become a hot research topic. Existing works generally disentangle timbre, while information about pitch, rhythm and content is still mixed together. To perform one-shot VC effectively with further disentangling these speech components, we employ random resampling for pitch and content encoder and use the variational contrastive log-ratio upper bound of mutual information and gradient reversal layer based adversarial mutual information learning to ensure the different parts of the latent space containing only the desired disentangled representation during training. Experiments on the VCTK dataset show the model achieves state-of-the-art performance for one-shot VC in terms of naturalness and intellgibility. In addition, we can transfer characteristics of one-shot VC on timbre, pitch and rhythm separately by speech representation disentanglement. Our code, pre-trained models and demo are available at https://im1eon.github.io/IS2022-SRDVC/.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On an Application of Generative Adversarial Networks on Remaining Lifetime Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08666">arxiv:2208.08666</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>G. Tsialiamanis, D. Wagg, N. Dervilis, K. Worden</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A major problem of structural health monitoring (SHM) has been the prognosis of damage and the definition of the remaining useful life of a structure. Both tasks depend on many parameters, many of which are often uncertain. Many models have been developed for the aforementioned tasks but they have been either deterministic or stochastic with the ability to take into account only a restricted amount of past states of the structure. In the current work, a generative model is proposed in order to make predictions about the damage evolution of structures. The model is able to perform in a population-based SHM (PBSHM) framework, to take into account many past states of the damaged structure, to incorporate uncertainties in the modelling process and to generate potential damage evolution outcomes according to data acquired from a structure. The algorithm is tested on a simulated damage evolution example and the results reveal that it is able to provide quite confident predictions about the remaining useful life of structures within a population.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RRWaveNet: A Compact End-to-End Multi-Scale Residual CNN for Robust PPG Respiratory Rate Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08672">arxiv:2208.08672</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Pongpanut Osathitporn, Guntitat Sawadwuthikul, Punnawish Thuwajit, Kawisara Ueafuea, Thee Mateepithaktham, Narin Kunaseth, Tanut Choksatchawathi, Proadpran Punyabukkana, Emmanuel Mignot, Theerawit Wilaiprasitporn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Respiratory rate (RR) is an important biomarker as RR changes can reflect severe medical events such as heart disease, lung disease, and sleep disorders. Unfortunately, however, standard manual RR counting is prone to human error and cannot be performed continuously. This study proposes a method for continuously estimating RR, RRWaveNet. The method is a compact end-to-end deep learning model which does not require feature engineering and can use low-cost raw photoplethysmography (PPG) as input signal. RRWaveNet was tested subject-independently and compared to baseline in three datasets (BIDMC, CapnoBase, and WESAD) and using three window sizes (16, 32, and 64 seconds). RRWaveNet outperformed current state-of-the-art methods with mean absolute errors at optimal window size of 1.66 \pm 1.01, 1.59 \pm 1.08, and 1.92 \pm 0.96 breaths per minute for each dataset. In remote monitoring settings, such as in the WESAD dataset, we apply transfer learning to two other ICU datasets, reducing the MAE to 1.52 \pm 0.50 breaths per minute, showing this model allows accurate and practical estimation of RR on affordable and wearable devices. Our study shows feasibility of remote RR monitoring in the context of telemedicine and at home.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Evaluating Continual Test-Time Adaptation for Contextual and Semantic Domain Shifts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08767">arxiv:2208.08767</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Tommie Kerssies, Joaquin Vanschoren, Mert Kılıçkaya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, our goal is to adapt a pre-trained Convolutional Neural Network to domain shifts at test time. We do so continually with the incoming stream of test batches, without labels. Existing literature mostly operates on artificial shifts obtained via adversarial perturbations of a test image. Motivated by this, we evaluate the state of the art on two realistic and challenging sources of domain shifts, namely contextual and semantic shifts. Contextual shifts correspond to the environment types, for example a model pre-trained on indoor context has to adapt to the outdoor context on CORe-50 [7]. Semantic shifts correspond to the capture types, for example a model pre-trained on natural images has to adapt to cliparts, sketches and paintings on DomainNet [10]. We include in our analysis recent techniques such as Prediction-Time Batch Normalization (BN) [8], Test Entropy Minimization (TENT) [16] and Continual Test-Time Adaptation (CoTTA) [17]. Our findings are three-fold: i) Test-time adaptation methods perform better and forget less on contextual shifts compared to semantic shifts, ii) TENT outperforms other methods on short-term adaptation, whereas CoTTA outpeforms other methods on long-term adaptation, iii) BN is most reliable and robust.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Intelligent problem-solving as integrated hierarchical reinforcement learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08731">arxiv:2208.08731</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Manfred Eppe, Christian Gumbsch, Matthias Kerzel, Phuong D. H. Nguyen, Martin V. Butz, Stefan Wermter</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** According to cognitive psychology and related disciplines, the development of complex problem-solving behaviour in biological agents depends on hierarchical cognitive mechanisms. Hierarchical reinforcement learning is a promising computational approach that may eventually yield comparable problem-solving behaviour in artificial agents and robots. However, to date the problem-solving abilities of many human and non-human animals are clearly superior to those of artificial systems. Here, we propose steps to integrate biologically inspired hierarchical mechanisms to enable advanced problem-solving skills in artificial agents. Therefore, we first review the literature in cognitive psychology to highlight the importance of compositional abstraction and predictive processing. Then we relate the gained insights with contemporary hierarchical reinforcement learning methods. Interestingly, our results suggest that all identified cognitive mechanisms have been implemented individually in isolated computational architectures, raising the question of why there exists no single unifying architecture that integrates them. As our final contribution, we address this question by providing an integrative perspective on the computational challenges to develop such a unifying architecture. We expect our results to guide the development of more sophisticated cognitively inspired hierarchical machine learning architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pandemic Control, Game Theory and Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08646">arxiv:2208.08646</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yao Xuan, Robert Balkin, Jiequn Han, Ruimeng Hu, Hector D. Ceniceros</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Game theory has been an effective tool in the control of disease spread and in suggesting optimal policies at both individual and area levels. In this AMS Notices article, we focus on the decision-making development for the intervention of COVID-19, aiming to provide mathematical models and efficient machine learning methods, and justifications for related policies that have been implemented in the past and explain how the authorities' decisions affect their neighboring regions from a game theory viewpoint.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph Embeddings via Tensor Products and Approximately Orthonormal Codes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.10917">arxiv:2208.10917</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Frank Qiu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a method for embedding graphs as vectors in a structure-preserving manner. In this paper, we showcase its rich representational capacity and give some theoretical properties of our method. In particular, our procedure falls under the bind-and-sum approach, and we show that our binding operation -- the tensor product -- is the most general binding operation that respects the principle of superposition. Similarly, we show that the spherical code achieves optimal compression. We then establish some precise results characterizing the performance our method as well as some experimental results showcasing how it can accurately perform various graph operations even when the number of edges is quite large. Finally, we conclude with establishing a link to adjacency matrices, showing that our method is, in some sense, a generalization of adjacency matrices with applications towards large sparse graphs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Out-of-distribution Detection via Frequency-regularized Generative Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09083">arxiv:2208.09083</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Mu Cai, Yixuan Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern deep generative models can assign high likelihood to inputs drawn from outside the training distribution, posing threats to models in open-world deployments. While much research attention has been placed on defining new test-time measures of OOD uncertainty, these methods do not fundamentally change how deep generative models are regularized and optimized in training. In particular, generative models are shown to overly rely on the background information to estimate the likelihood. To address the issue, we propose a novel frequency-regularized learning FRL framework for OOD detection, which incorporates high-frequency information into training and guides the model to focus on semantically relevant features. FRL effectively improves performance on a wide range of generative architectures, including variational auto-encoder, GLOW, and PixelCNN++. On a new large-scale evaluation task, FRL achieves the state-of-the-art performance, outperforming a strong baseline Likelihood Regret by 10.7% (AUROC) while achieving 147$\times$ faster inference speed. Extensive ablations show that FRL improves the OOD detection performance while preserving the image generation quality. Code is available at https://github.com/mu-cai/FRL.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantitative Universal Approximation Bounds for Deep Belief Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09033">arxiv:2208.09033</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Julian Sieber, Johann Gehringer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We show that deep belief networks with binary hidden units can approximate any multivariate probability density under very mild integrability requirements on the parental density of the visible nodes. The approximation is measured in the $L^q$-norm for $q\in[1,\infty]$ ($q=\infty$ corresponding to the supremum norm) and in Kullback-Leibler divergence. Furthermore, we establish sharp quantitative bounds on the approximation error in terms of the number of hidden units.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Disentangled Representation with Causal Constraints for Counterfactual Fairness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09147">arxiv:2208.09147</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Ziqi Xu, Jixue Liu, Debo Cheng, Jiuyong Li, Lin Liu, Ke Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Much research has been devoted to the problem of learning fair representations; however, they do not explicitly the relationship between latent representations. In many real-world applications, there may be causal relationships between latent representations. Furthermore, most fair representation learning methods focus on group-level fairness and are based on correlations, ignoring the causal relationships underlying the data. In this work, we theoretically demonstrate that using the structured representations enable downstream predictive models to achieve counterfactual fairness, and then we propose the Counterfactual Fairness Variational AutoEncoder (CF-VAE) to obtain structured representations with respect to domain knowledge. The experimental results show that the proposed method achieves better fairness and accuracy performance than the benchmark fairness methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Representation Learning for the Automatic Indexing of Sound Effects Libraries</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09096">arxiv:2208.09096</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Alison B. Ma, Alexander Lerch</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Labeling and maintaining a commercial sound effects library is a time-consuming task exacerbated by databases that continually grow in size and undergo taxonomy updates. Moreover, sound search and taxonomy creation are complicated by non-uniform metadata, an unrelenting problem even with the introduction of a new industry standard, the Universal Category System. To address these problems and overcome dataset-dependent limitations that inhibit the successful training of deep learning models, we pursue representation learning to train generalized embeddings that can be used for a wide variety of sound effects libraries and are a taxonomy-agnostic representation of sound. We show that a task-specific but dataset-independent representation can successfully address data issues such as class imbalance, inconsistent class labels, and insufficient dataset size, outperforming established representations such as OpenL3. Detailed experimental results show the impact of metric learning approaches and different cross-dataset training methods on representational effectiveness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Multi-Modal Wildfire Prediction and Personalized Early-Warning System Based on a Novel Machine Learning Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09079">arxiv:2208.09079</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Rohan Tan Bhowmik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Wildfires are increasingly impacting the environment, human health and safety. Among the top 20 California wildfires, those in 2020-2021 burned more acres than the last century combined. California's 2018 wildfire season caused damages of $148.5 billion. Among millions of impacted people, those living with disabilities (around 15% of the world population) are disproportionately impacted due to inadequate means of alerts. In this project, a multi-modal wildfire prediction and personalized early warning system has been developed based on an advanced machine learning architecture. Sensor data from the Environmental Protection Agency and historical wildfire data from 2012 to 2018 have been compiled to establish a comprehensive wildfire database, the largest of its kind. Next, a novel U-Convolutional-LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) neural network was designed with a special architecture for extracting key spatial and temporal features from contiguous environmental parameters indicative of impending wildfires. Environmental and meteorological factors were incorporated into the database and classified as leading indicators and trailing indicators, correlated to risks of wildfire conception and propagation respectively. Additionally, geological data was used to provide better wildfire risk assessment. This novel spatio-temporal neural network achieved >97% accuracy vs. around 76% using traditional convolutional neural networks, successfully predicting 2018's five most devastating wildfires 5-14 days in advance. Finally, a personalized early warning system, tailored to individuals with sensory disabilities or respiratory exacerbation conditions, was proposed. This technique would enable fire departments to anticipate and prevent wildfires before they strike and provide early warnings for at-risk individuals for better preparation, thereby saving lives and reducing economic damages.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Treeformer: Dense Gradient Trees for Efficient Attention Computation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09015">arxiv:2208.09015</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lovish Madaan, Srinadh Bhojanapalli, Himanshu Jain, Prateek Jain</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Standard inference and training with transformer based architectures scale quadratically with input sequence length. This is prohibitively large for a variety of applications especially in web-page translation, query-answering etc. Consequently, several approaches have been developed recently to speedup attention computation by enforcing different attention structures such as sparsity, low-rank, approximating attention using kernels. In this work, we view attention computation as that of nearest neighbor retrieval, and use decision tree based hierarchical navigation to reduce the retrieval cost per query token from linear in sequence length to nearly logarithmic. Based on such hierarchical navigation, we design Treeformer which can use one of two efficient attention layers -- TF-Attention and TC-Attention. TF-Attention computes the attention in a fine-grained style, while TC-Attention is a coarse attention layer which also ensures that the gradients are "dense". To optimize such challenging discrete layers, we propose a two-level bootstrapped training method. Using extensive experiments on standard NLP benchmarks, especially for long-sequences, we demonstrate that our Treeformer architecture can be almost as accurate as baseline Transformer while using 30x lesser FLOPs in the attention layer. Compared to Linformer, the accuracy can be as much as 12% higher while using similar FLOPs in the attention layer.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ManiFlow: Implicitly Representing Manifolds with Normalizing Flows</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08932">arxiv:2208.08932</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Janis Postels, Martin Danelljan, Luc Van Gool, Federico Tombari</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Normalizing Flows (NFs) are flexible explicit generative models that have been shown to accurately model complex real-world data distributions. However, their invertibility constraint imposes limitations on data distributions that reside on lower dimensional manifolds embedded in higher dimensional space. Practically, this shortcoming is often bypassed by adding noise to the data which impacts the quality of the generated samples. In contrast to prior work, we approach this problem by generating samples from the original data distribution given full knowledge about the perturbed distribution and the noise model. To this end, we establish that NFs trained on perturbed data implicitly represent the manifold in regions of maximum likelihood. Then, we propose an optimization objective that recovers the most likely point on the manifold given a sample from the perturbed distribution. Finally, we focus on 3D point clouds for which we utilize the explicit nature of NFs, i.e. surface normals extracted from the gradient of the log-likelihood and the log-likelihood itself, to apply Poisson surface reconstruction to refine generated point sets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Intention estimation from gaze and motion features for human-robot shared-control object manipulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08688">arxiv:2208.08688</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Anna Belardinelli, Anirudh Reddy Kondapally, Dirk Ruiken, Daniel Tanneberg, Tomoki Watabe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Shared control can help in teleoperated object manipulation by assisting with the execution of the user's intention. To this end, robust and prompt intention estimation is needed, which relies on behavioral observations. Here, an intention estimation framework is presented, which uses natural gaze and motion features to predict the current action and the target object. The system is trained and tested in a simulated environment with pick and place sequences produced in a relatively cluttered scene and with both hands, with possible hand-over to the other hand. Validation is conducted across different users and hands, achieving good accuracy and earliness of prediction. An analysis of the predictive power of single features shows the predominance of the grasping trigger and the gaze features in the early identification of the current action. In the current framework, the same probabilistic model can be used for the two hands working in parallel and independently, while a rule-based model is proposed to identify the resulting bimanual action. Finally, limitations and perspectives of this approach to more complex, full-bimanual manipulations are discussed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SDA-SNE: Spatial Discontinuity-Aware Surface Normal Estimation via Multi-Directional Dynamic Programming</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08667">arxiv:2208.08667</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Nan Ming, Yi Feng, Rui Fan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The state-of-the-art (SoTA) surface normal estimators (SNEs) generally translate depth images into surface normal maps in an end-to-end fashion. Although such SNEs have greatly minimized the trade-off between efficiency and accuracy, their performance on spatial discontinuities, e.g., edges and ridges, is still unsatisfactory. To address this issue, this paper first introduces a novel multi-directional dynamic programming strategy to adaptively determine inliers (co-planar 3D points) by minimizing a (path) smoothness energy. The depth gradients can then be refined iteratively using a novel recursive polynomial interpolation algorithm, which helps yield more reasonable surface normals. Our introduced spatial discontinuity-aware (SDA) depth gradient refinement strategy is compatible with any depth-to-normal SNEs. Our proposed SDA-SNE achieves much greater performance than all other SoTA approaches, especially near/on spatial discontinuities. We further evaluate the performance of SDA-SNE with respect to different iterations, and the results suggest that it converges fast after only a few iterations. This ensures its high efficiency in various robotics and computer vision applications requiring real-time performance. Additional experiments on the datasets with different extents of random noise further validate our SDA-SNE's robustness and environmental adaptability. Our source code, demo video, and supplementary material are publicly available at mias.group/SDA-SNE.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Domain-Specific Risk Minimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08661">arxiv:2208.08661</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yi-Fan Zhang, Jindong Wang, Zhang Zhang, Baosheng Yu, Liang Wang, Dacheng Tao, Xing Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning a domain-invariant representation has become one of the most popular approaches for domain adaptation/generalization. In this paper, we show that the invariant representation may not be sufficient to guarantee a good generalization, where the labeling function shift should be taken into consideration. Inspired by this, we first derive a new generalization upper bound on the empirical risk that explicitly considers the labeling function shift. We then propose Domain-specific Risk Minimization (DRM), which can model the distribution shifts of different domains separately and select the most appropriate one for the target domain. Extensive experiments on four popular domain generalization datasets, CMNIST, PACS, VLCS, and DomainNet, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed DRM for domain generalization with the following advantages: 1) it significantly outperforms competitive baselines; 2) it enables either comparable or superior accuracies on all training domains comparing to vanilla empirical risk minimization (ERM); 3) it remains very simple and efficient during training, and 4) it is complementary to invariant learning approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The DialPort tools</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.10918">arxiv:2208.10918</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jessica Huynh, Shikib Mehri, Cathy Jiao, Maxine Eskenazi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The DialPort project http://dialport.org/, funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF), covers a group of tools and services that aim at fulfilling the needs of the dialog research community. Over the course of six years, several offerings have been created, including the DialPort Portal and DialCrowd. This paper describes these contributions, which will be demoed at SIGDIAL, including implementation, prior studies, corresponding discoveries, and the locations at which the tools will remain freely available to the community going forward.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Using Large Language Models to Simulate Multiple Humans</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.10264">arxiv:2208.10264</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Gati Aher, Rosa I. Arriaga, Adam Tauman Kalai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a method for using a large language model, such as GPT-3, to simulate responses of different humans in a given context. We test our method by attempting to reproduce well-established economic, psycholinguistic, and social experiments. The method requires prompt templates for each experiment. Simulations are run by varying the (hypothetical) subject details such as name and analyzing the text generated by the language model. We validate our methodology by using GPT-3, to show that it is possible to simulate responses of different people and that their responses are consistent with prior human studies from the literature. We find that the distributions generated by larger language models better align with prior experimental results, suggesting a trend that future language models may be used for even more faithful simulations of human responses. Our use of a language model for simulation is contrasted with anthropomorphic views of a language model as having its own behavior.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>In Silico Prediction of Blood-Brain Barrier Permeability of Chemical Compounds through Molecular Feature Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09484">arxiv:2208.09484</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tanish Jain, Praveen Kumar Pandian Shanmuganathan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The introduction of computational techniques to analyze chemical data has given rise to the analytical study of biological systems, known as "bioinformatics". One facet of bioinformatics is using machine learning (ML) technology to detect multivariable trends in various cases. Amongst the most pressing cases is predicting blood-brain barrier (BBB) permeability. The development of new drugs to treat central nervous system disorders presents unique challenges due to poor penetration efficacy across the blood-brain barrier. In this research, we aim to mitigate this problem through an ML model that analyzes chemical features. To do so: (i) An overview into the relevant biological systems and processes as well as the use case is given. (ii) Second, an in-depth literature review of existing computational techniques for detecting BBB permeability is undertaken. From there, an aspect unexplored across current techniques is identified and a solution is proposed. (iii) Lastly, a two-part in silico model to quantify likelihood of permeability of drugs with defined features across the BBB through passive diffusion is developed, tested, and reflected on. Testing and validation with the dataset determined the predictive logBB model's mean squared error to be around 0.112 units and the neuroinflammation model's mean squared error to be approximately 0.3 units, outperforming all relevant studies found.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Blind Image Deblurring with Unknown Kernel Size and Substantial Noise</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09483">arxiv:2208.09483</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhong Zhuang, Taihui Li, Hengkang Wang, Ju Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Blind image deblurring (BID) has been extensively studied in computer vision and adjacent fields. Modern methods for BID can be grouped into two categories: single-instance methods that deal with individual instances using statistical inference and numerical optimization, and data-driven methods that train deep-learning models to deblur future instances directly. Data-driven methods can be free from the difficulty in deriving accurate blur models, but are fundamentally limited by the diversity and quality of the training data -- collecting sufficiently expressive and realistic training data is a standing challenge. In this paper, we focus on single-instance methods that remain competitive and indispensable. However, most such methods do not prescribe how to deal with unknown kernel size and substantial noise, precluding practical deployment. Indeed, we show that several state-of-the-art (SOTA) single-instance methods are unstable when the kernel size is overspecified, and/or the noise level is high. On the positive side, we propose a practical BID method that is stable against both, the first of its kind. Our method builds on the recent ideas of solving inverse problems by integrating the physical models and structured deep neural networks, without extra training data. We introduce several crucial modifications to achieve the desired stability. Extensive empirical tests on standard synthetic datasets, as well as real-world NTIRE2020 and RealBlur datasets, show the superior effectiveness and practicality of our BID method compared to SOTA single-instance as well as data-driven methods. The code of our method is available at: \url{https://github.com/sun-umn/Blind-Image-Deblurring}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Classification Performance Metric Elicitation and its Applications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09142">arxiv:2208.09142</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Gaurush Hiranandani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Given a learning problem with real-world tradeoffs, which cost function should the model be trained to optimize? This is the metric selection problem in machine learning. Despite its practical interest, there is limited formal guidance on how to select metrics for machine learning applications. This thesis outlines metric elicitation as a principled framework for selecting the performance metric that best reflects implicit user preferences. Once specified, the evaluation metric can be used to compare and train models. In this manuscript, we formalize the problem of Metric Elicitation and devise novel strategies for eliciting classification performance metrics using pairwise preference feedback over classifiers. Specifically, we provide novel strategies for eliciting linear and linear-fractional metrics for binary and multiclass classification problems, which are then extended to a framework that elicits group-fair performance metrics in the presence of multiple sensitive groups. All the elicitation strategies that we discuss are robust to both finite sample and feedback noise, thus are useful in practice for real-world applications. Using the tools and the geometric characterizations of the feasible confusion statistics sets from the binary, multiclass, and multiclass-multigroup classification setups, we further provide strategies to elicit from a wider range of complex, modern multiclass metrics defined by quadratic functions of confusion statistics by exploiting their local linear structure. From application perspective, we also propose to use the metric elicitation framework in optimizing complex black box metrics that is amenable to deep network training. Lastly, to bring theory closer to practice, we conduct a preliminary real-user study that shows the efficacy of the metric elicitation framework in recovering the users' preferred performance metric in a binary classification setup.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discovering Faint and High Apparent Motion Rate Near-Earth Asteroids Using A Deep Learning Program</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09098">arxiv:2208.09098</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Franklin Wang, Jian Ge, Kevin Willis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Although many near-Earth objects have been found by ground-based telescopes, some fast-moving ones, especially those near detection limits, have been missed by observatories. We developed a convolutional neural network for detecting faint fast-moving near-Earth objects. It was trained with artificial streaks generated from simulations and was able to find these asteroid streaks with an accuracy of 98.7% and a false positive rate of 0.02% on simulated data. This program was used to search image data from the Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF) in four nights in 2019, and it identified six previously undiscovered asteroids. The visual magnitudes of our detections range from ~19.0 - 20.3 and motion rates range from ~6.8 - 24 deg/day, which is very faint compared to other ZTF detections moving at similar motion rates. Our asteroids are also ~1 - 51 m diameter in size and ~5 - 60 lunar distances away at close approach, assuming their albedo values follow the albedo distribution function of known asteroids. The use of a purely simulated dataset to train our model enables the program to gain sensitivity in detecting faint and fast-moving objects while still being able to recover nearly all discoveries made by previously designed neural networks which used real detections to train neural networks. Our approach can be adopted by any observatory for detecting fast-moving asteroid streaks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Is Monte Carlo a bad sampling strategy for learning smooth functions in high dimensions?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09045">arxiv:2208.09045</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ben Adcock, Simone Brugiapaglia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper concerns the approximation of smooth, high-dimensional functions from limited samples using polynomials. This task lies at the heart of many applications in computational science and engineering -- notably, those arising from parametric modelling and uncertainty quantification. It is common to use Monte Carlo (MC) sampling in such applications, so as not to succumb to the curse of dimensionality. However, it is well known this strategy is theoretically suboptimal. There are many polynomial spaces of dimension $n$ for which the sample complexity scales log-quadratically in $n$. This well-documented phenomenon has led to a concerted effort to design improved, in fact, near-optimal strategies, whose sample complexities scale log-linearly, or even linearly in $n$.
  Paradoxically, in this work we show that MC is actually a perfectly good strategy in high dimensions. We first document this phenomenon via several numerical examples. Next, we present a theoretical analysis that resolves this paradox for holomorphic functions of infinitely-many variables. We show that there is a least-squares scheme based on $m$ MC samples whose error decays algebraically fast in $m/\log(m)$, with a rate that is the same as that of the best $n$-term polynomial approximation. This result is non-constructive, since it assumes knowledge of a suitable polynomial space in which to perform the approximation. We next present a compressed sensing-based scheme that achieves the same rate, except for a larger polylogarithmic factor. This scheme is practical, and numerically it performs as well as or better than well-known adaptive least-squares schemes.
  Overall, our findings demonstrate that MC sampling is eminently suitable for smooth function approximation when the dimension is sufficiently high. Hence the benefits of improved sampling strategies are generically limited to lower-dimensional settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Small Molecule Generation using Mutual Information Machine</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09016">arxiv:2208.09016</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Danny Reidenbach, Micha Livne, Rajesh K. Ilango, Michelle Gill, Johnny Israeli</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We address the task of controlled generation of small molecules, which entails finding novel molecules with desired properties under certain constraints (e.g., similarity to a reference molecule). Here we introduce MolMIM, a probabilistic auto-encoder for small molecule drug discovery that learns an informative and clustered latent space. MolMIM is trained with Mutual Information Machine (MIM) learning, and provides a fixed length representation of variable length SMILES strings. Since encoder-decoder models can learn representations with ``holes'' of invalid samples, here we propose a novel extension to the training procedure which promotes a dense latent space, and allows the model to sample valid molecules from random perturbations of latent codes. We provide a thorough comparison of MolMIM to several variable-size and fixed-size encoder-decoder models, demonstrating MolMIM's superior generation as measured in terms of validity, uniqueness, and novelty. We then utilize CMA-ES, a naive black-box and gradient free search algorithm, over MolMIM's latent space for the task of property guided molecule optimization. We achieve state-of-the-art results in several constrained single property optimization tasks as well as in the challenging task of multi-objective optimization, improving over previous success rate SOTA by more than 5\% . We attribute the strong results to MolMIM's latent representation which clusters similar molecules in the latent space, whereas CMA-ES is often used as a baseline optimization method. We also demonstrate MolMIM to be favourable in a compute limited regime, making it an attractive model for such cases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GSRFormer: Grounded Situation Recognition Transformer with Alternate Semantic Attention Refinement</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08965">arxiv:2208.08965</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhi-Qi Cheng, Qi Dai, Siyao Li, Teruko Mitamura, Alexander Hauptmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Grounded Situation Recognition (GSR) aims to generate structured semantic summaries of images for ``human-like'' event understanding. Specifically, GSR task not only detects the salient activity verb (e.g. buying), but also predicts all corresponding semantic roles (e.g. agent and goods). Inspired by object detection and image captioning tasks, existing methods typically employ a two-stage framework: 1) detect the activity verb, and then 2) predict semantic roles based on the detected verb. Obviously, this illogical framework constitutes a huge obstacle to semantic understanding. First, pre-detecting verbs solely without semantic roles inevitably fails to distinguish many similar daily activities (e.g., offering and giving, buying and selling). Second, predicting semantic roles in a closed auto-regressive manner can hardly exploit the semantic relations among the verb and roles. To this end, in this paper we propose a novel two-stage framework that focuses on utilizing such bidirectional relations within verbs and roles. In the first stage, instead of pre-detecting the verb, we postpone the detection step and assume a pseudo label, where an intermediate representation for each corresponding semantic role is learned from images. In the second stage, we exploit transformer layers to unearth the potential semantic relations within both verbs and semantic roles. With the help of a set of support images, an alternate learning scheme is designed to simultaneously optimize the results: update the verb using nouns corresponding to the image, and update nouns using verbs from support images. Extensive experimental results on challenging SWiG benchmarks show that our renovated framework outperforms other state-of-the-art methods under various metrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Siamese Prototypical Contrastive Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08819">arxiv:2208.08819</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shentong Mo, Zhun Sun, Chao Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Contrastive Self-supervised Learning (CSL) is a practical solution that learns meaningful visual representations from massive data in an unsupervised approach. The ordinary CSL embeds the features extracted from neural networks onto specific topological structures. During the training progress, the contrastive loss draws the different views of the same input together while pushing the embeddings from different inputs apart. One of the drawbacks of CSL is that the loss term requires a large number of negative samples to provide better mutual information bound ideally. However, increasing the number of negative samples by larger running batch size also enhances the effects of false negatives: semantically similar samples are pushed apart from the anchor, hence downgrading downstream performance. In this paper, we tackle this problem by introducing a simple but effective contrastive learning framework. The key insight is to employ siamese-style metric loss to match intra-prototype features, while increasing the distance between inter-prototype features. We conduct extensive experiments on various benchmarks where the results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on improving the quality of visual representations. Specifically, our unsupervised pre-trained ResNet-50 with a linear probe, out-performs the fully-supervised trained version on the ImageNet-1K dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient data-driven gap filling of satellite image time series using deep neural networks with partial convolutions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08781">arxiv:2208.08781</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Marius Appel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The abundance of gaps in satellite image time series often complicates the application of deep learning models such as convolutional neural networks for spatiotemporal modeling. Based on previous work in computer vision on image inpainting, this paper shows how three-dimensional spatiotemporal partial convolutions can be used as layers in neural networks to fill gaps in satellite image time series. To evaluate the approach, we apply a U-Net-like model on incomplete image time series of quasi-global carbon monoxide observations from the Sentinel-5P satellite. Prediction errors were comparable to two considered statistical approaches while computation times for predictions were up to three orders of magnitude faster, making the approach applicable to process large amounts of satellite data. Partial convolutions can be added as layers to other types of neural networks, making it relatively easy to integrate with existing deep learning models. However, the approach does not quantify prediction errors and further research is needed to understand and improve model transferability. The implementation of spatiotemporal partial convolutions and the U-Net-like model is available as open-source software.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quantifying the Knowledge in a DNN to Explain Knowledge Distillation for Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08741">arxiv:2208.08741</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Quanshi Zhang, Xu Cheng, Yilan Chen, Zhefan Rao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Compared to traditional learning from scratch, knowledge distillation sometimes makes the DNN achieve superior performance. This paper provides a new perspective to explain the success of knowledge distillation, i.e., quantifying knowledge points encoded in intermediate layers of a DNN for classification, based on the information theory. To this end, we consider the signal processing in a DNN as the layer-wise information discarding. A knowledge point is referred to as an input unit, whose information is much less discarded than other input units. Thus, we propose three hypotheses for knowledge distillation based on the quantification of knowledge points. 1. The DNN learning from knowledge distillation encodes more knowledge points than the DNN learning from scratch. 2. Knowledge distillation makes the DNN more likely to learn different knowledge points simultaneously. In comparison, the DNN learning from scratch tends to encode various knowledge points sequentially. 3. The DNN learning from knowledge distillation is often optimized more stably than the DNN learning from scratch. In order to verify the above hypotheses, we design three types of metrics with annotations of foreground objects to analyze feature representations of the DNN, \textit{i.e.} the quantity and the quality of knowledge points, the learning speed of different knowledge points, and the stability of optimization directions. In experiments, we diagnosed various DNNs for different classification tasks, i.e., image classification, 3D point cloud classification, binary sentiment classification, and question answering, which verified above hypotheses.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Generative Models for Active Inference using Tensor Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08713">arxiv:2208.08713</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Samuel T. Wauthier, Bram Vanhecke, Tim Verbelen, Bart Dhoedt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Active inference provides a general framework for behavior and learning in autonomous agents. It states that an agent will attempt to minimize its variational free energy, defined in terms of beliefs over observations, internal states and policies. Traditionally, every aspect of a discrete active inference model must be specified by hand, i.e.\ by manually defining the hidden state space structure, as well as the required distributions such as likelihood and transition probabilities. Recently, efforts have been made to learn state space representations automatically from observations using deep neural networks. However, these models are typically overparameterized, with the risk of overfitting the data at hand. In this paper, we present a novel approach of learning state spaces using quantum physics-inspired tensor networks. The ability of tensor networks to represent the probabilistic nature of quantum states as well as to reduce large state spaces makes tensor networks a natural candidate for active inference. We show how tensor networks can be used as a generative model for sequential data. Furthermore, we show how one can obtain beliefs from such a generative model and how an active inference agent can use these to compute the expected free energy. Finally, we demonstrate our method on the classic T-maze environment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tree species classification from hyperspectral data using graph-regularized neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08675">arxiv:2208.08675</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Debmita Bandyopadhyay, Subhadip Mukherjee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Manual labeling of tree species remains a challenging task, especially in tropical regions, owing to inaccessibility and labor-intensive ground-based surveys. Hyperspectral images (HSIs), through their narrow and contiguous bands, can assist in distinguishing tree species based on their spectral properties. Therefore, automated classification algorithms on HSI images can help augment the limited labeled information and generate a real-time classification map for various tree species. Achieving high classification accuracy with a limited amount of labeled information in an image is one of the key challenges that researchers have started addressing in recent years. We propose a novel graph-regularized neural network (GRNN) algorithm that encompasses the superpixel-based segmentation for graph construction, a pixel-wise neural network classifier, and the label propagation technique to generate an accurate classification map. GRNN outperforms several state-of-the-art techniques not only for the standard Indian Pines HSI but also achieves a high classification accuracy (approx. 92%) on a new HSI data set collected over the forests of French Guiana (FG) even when less than 1% of the pixels are labeled. We show that GRNN is not only competitive with the state-of-the-art semi-supervised methods, but also exhibits lower variance in accuracy for different number of training samples and over different independent random sampling of the labeled pixels for training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reproducibility Report: Contrastive Learning of Socially-aware Motion Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09284">arxiv:2208.09284</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Roopsa Sen, Sidharth Sinha, Parv Maheshwari, Animesh Jha, Debashish Chakravarty</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The following paper is a reproducibility report for "Social NCE: Contrastive Learning of Socially-aware Motion Representations" {\cite{liu2020snce}} published in ICCV 2021 as part of the ML Reproducibility Challenge 2021. The original code was made available by the author \footnote{\href{https://github.com/vita-epfl/social-nce}{https://github.com/vita-epfl/social-nce}}. We attempted to verify the results claimed by the authors and reimplemented their code in PyTorch Lightning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Causality-Based Learning Approach for Discovering the Underlying Dynamics of Complex Systems from Partial Observations with Stochastic Parameterization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09104">arxiv:2208.09104</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nan Chen, Yinling Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Discovering the underlying dynamics of complex systems from data is an important practical topic. Constrained optimization algorithms are widely utilized and lead to many successes. Yet, such purely data-driven methods may bring about incorrect physics in the presence of random noise and cannot easily handle the situation with incomplete data. In this paper, a new iterative learning algorithm for complex turbulent systems with partial observations is developed that alternates between identifying model structures, recovering unobserved variables, and estimating parameters. First, a causality-based learning approach is utilized for the sparse identification of model structures, which takes into account certain physics knowledge that is pre-learned from data. It has unique advantages in coping with indirect coupling between features and is robust to the stochastic noise. A practical algorithm is designed to facilitate the causal inference for high-dimensional systems. Next, a systematic nonlinear stochastic parameterization is built to characterize the time evolution of the unobserved variables. Closed analytic formula via an efficient nonlinear data assimilation is exploited to sample the trajectories of the unobserved variables, which are then treated as synthetic observations to advance a rapid parameter estimation. Furthermore, the localization of the state variable dependence and the physics constraints are incorporated into the learning procedure, which mitigate the curse of dimensionality and prevent the finite time blow-up issue. Numerical experiments show that the new algorithm succeeds in identifying the model structure and providing suitable stochastic parameterizations for many complex nonlinear systems with chaotic dynamics, spatiotemporal multiscale structures, intermittency, and extreme events.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Implicit Session Contexts for Next-Item Recommendations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09076">arxiv:2208.09076</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sejoon Oh, Ankur Bhardwaj, Jongseok Han, Sungchul Kim, Ryan A. Rossi, Srijan Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Session-based recommender systems capture the short-term interest of a user within a session. Session contexts (i.e., a user's high-level interests or intents within a session) are not explicitly given in most datasets, and implicitly inferring session context as an aggregation of item-level attributes is crude. In this paper, we propose ISCON, which implicitly contextualizes sessions. ISCON first generates implicit contexts for sessions by creating a session-item graph, learning graph embeddings, and clustering to assign sessions to contexts. ISCON then trains a session context predictor and uses the predicted contexts' embeddings to enhance the next-item prediction accuracy. Experiments on four datasets show that ISCON has superior next-item prediction accuracy than state-of-the-art models. A case study of ISCON on the Reddit dataset confirms that assigned session contexts are unique and meaningful.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stable Object Reorientation using Contact Plane Registration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08962">arxiv:2208.08962</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Richard Li, Carlos Esteves, Ameesh Makadia, Pulkit Agrawal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a system for accurately predicting stable orientations for diverse rigid objects. We propose to overcome the critical issue of modelling multimodality in the space of rotations by using a conditional generative model to accurately classify contact surfaces. Our system is capable of operating from noisy and partially-observed pointcloud observations captured by real world depth cameras. Our method substantially outperforms the current state-of-the-art systems on a simulated stacking task requiring highly accurate rotations, and demonstrates strong sim2real zero-shot transfer results across a variety of unseen objects on a real world reorientation task. Project website: \url{https://richardrl.github.io/stable-reorientation/}

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepClouds.ai: Deep learning enabled computationally cheap direct numerical simulations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08956">arxiv:2208.08956</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Moumita Bhowmik, Manmeet Singh, Suryachandra Rao, Souvik Paul</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Simulation of turbulent flows, especially at the edges of clouds in the atmosphere, is an inherently challenging task. Hitherto, the best possible computational method to perform such experiments is the Direct Numerical Simulation (DNS). DNS involves solving non-linear partial differential equations for fluid flows, also known as Navier-Stokes equations, on discretized grid boxes in a three-dimensional space. It is a valuable paradigm that has guided the numerical weather prediction models to compute rainfall formation. However, DNS cannot be performed for large domains of practical utility to the weather forecast community. Here, we introduce DeepClouds.ai, a 3D-UNET that simulates the outputs of a rising cloud DNS experiment. The problem of increasing the domain size in DNS is addressed by mapping an inner 3D cube to the complete 3D cube from the output of the DNS discretized grid simulation. Our approach effectively captures turbulent flow dynamics without having to solve the complex dynamical core. The baseline shows that the deep learning-based simulation is comparable to the partial-differential equation-based model as measured by various score metrics. This framework can be used to further the science of turbulence and cloud flows by enabling simulations over large physical domains in the atmosphere. It would lead to cascading societal benefits by improved weather predictions via advanced parameterization schemes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>KDD CUP 2022 Wind Power Forecasting Team 88VIP Solution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08952">arxiv:2208.08952</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Fangquan Lin, Wei Jiang, Hanwei Zhang, Cheng Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** KDD CUP 2022 proposes a time-series forecasting task on spatial dynamic wind power dataset, in which the participants are required to predict the future generation given the historical context factors. The evaluation metrics contain RMSE and MAE. This paper describes the solution of Team 88VIP, which mainly comprises two types of models: a gradient boosting decision tree to memorize the basic data patterns and a recurrent neural network to capture the deep and latent probabilistic transitions. Ensembling these models contributes to tackle the fluctuation of wind power, and training submodels targets on the distinguished properties in heterogeneous timescales of forecasting, from minutes to days. In addition, feature engineering, imputation techniques and the design of offline evaluation are also described in details. The proposed solution achieves an overall online score of -45.213 in Phase 3.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sequence Prediction Under Missing Data : An RNN Approach Without Imputation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08933">arxiv:2208.08933</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Soumen Pachal, Avinash Achar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Missing data scenarios are very common in ML applications in general and time-series/sequence applications are no exceptions. This paper pertains to a novel Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) based solution for sequence prediction under missing data. Our method is distinct from all existing approaches. It tries to encode the missingness patterns in the data directly without trying to impute data either before or during model building. Our encoding is lossless and achieves compression. It can be employed for both sequence classification and forecasting. We focus on forecasting here in a general context of multi-step prediction in presence of possible exogenous inputs. In particular, we propose novel variants of Encoder-Decoder (Seq2Seq) RNNs for this. The encoder here adopts the above mentioned pattern encoding, while at the decoder which has a different structure, multiple variants are feasible. We demonstrate the utility of our proposed architecture via multiple experiments on both single and multiple sequence (real) data-sets. We consider both scenarios where (i)data is naturally missing and (ii)data is synthetically masked.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Memory and Capacity of Graph Embedding Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08769">arxiv:2208.08769</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Frank Qiu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a method for embedding graphs as vectors in a structure-preserving manner. In this paper, we showcase its rich representational capacity and give some theoretical properties of our method. In particular, our procedure falls under the bind-and-sum approach, and we show that our binding operation - the tensor product - is the most general binding operation that respects the principle of superposition. Similarly, we show that the spherical code achieves optimal compression. We then establish some precise results characterizing the performance our method as well as some experimental results showcasing how it can accurately perform various graph operations even when the number of edges is quite large. Finally, we conclude with establishing a link to adjacency matrices, showing that our method is, in some sense, a generalization of adjacency matrices with applications towards large sparse graphs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayesian Optimization Augmented with Actively Elicited Expert Knowledge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08742">arxiv:2208.08742</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Daolang Huang, Louis Filstroff, Petrus Mikkola, Runkai Zheng, Samuel Kaski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian optimization (BO) is a well-established method to optimize black-box functions whose direct evaluations are costly. In this paper, we tackle the problem of incorporating expert knowledge into BO, with the goal of further accelerating the optimization, which has received very little attention so far. We design a multi-task learning architecture for this task, with the goal of jointly eliciting the expert knowledge and minimizing the objective function. In particular, this allows for the expert knowledge to be transferred into the BO task. We introduce a specific architecture based on Siamese neural networks to handle the knowledge elicitation from pairwise queries. Experiments on various benchmark functions with both simulated and actual human experts show that the proposed method significantly speeds up BO even when the expert knowledge is biased compared to the objective function.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhancing Targeted Attack Transferability via Diversified Weight Pruning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08677">arxiv:2208.08677</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hung-Jui Wang, Yu-Yu Wu, Shang-Tse Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Malicious attackers can generate targeted adversarial examples by imposing human-imperceptible noise on images, forcing neural network models to produce specific incorrect outputs. With cross-model transferable adversarial examples, the vulnerability of neural networks remains even if the model information is kept secret from the attacker. Recent studies have shown the effectiveness of ensemble-based methods in generating transferable adversarial examples. However, existing methods fall short under the more challenging scenario of creating targeted attacks transferable among distinct models. In this work, we propose Diversified Weight Pruning (DWP) to further enhance the ensemble-based methods by leveraging the weight pruning method commonly used in model compression. Specifically, we obtain multiple diverse models by a random weight pruning method. These models preserve similar accuracies and can serve as additional models for ensemble-based methods, yielding stronger transferable targeted attacks. Experiments on ImageNet-Compatible Dataset under the more challenging scenarios are provided: transferring to distinct architectures and to adversarially trained models. The results show that our proposed DWP improves the targeted attack success rates with up to 4.1% and 8.0% on the combination of state-of-the-art methods, respectively

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A semantic web approach to uplift decentralized household energy data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.10265">arxiv:2208.10265</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiantao Wu, Fabrizio Orlandi, Tarek AlSkaif, Declan O'Sullivan, Soumyabrata Dev</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In a decentralized household energy system comprised of various devices such as home appliances, electric vehicles, and solar panels, end-users are able to dig deeper into the system's details and further achieve energy sustainability if they are presented with data on the electric energy consumption and production at the granularity of the device. However, many databases in this field are siloed from other domains, including solely information pertaining to energy. This may result in the loss of information (\textit{e.g.} weather) on each device's energy use. Meanwhile, a large number of these datasets have been extensively used in computational modeling techniques such as machine learning models. While such computational approaches achieve great accuracy and performance by concentrating only on a local view of datasets, model reliability cannot be guaranteed since such models are very vulnerable to data input fluctuations when information omission is taken into account. This article tackles the data isolation issue in the field of smart energy systems by examining Semantic Web methods on top of a household energy system. We offer an ontology-based approach for managing decentralized data at the device-level resolution in a system. As a consequence, the scope of the data associated with each device may easily be expanded in an interoperable manner throughout the Web, and additional information, such as weather, can be obtained from the Web, provided that the data is organized according to W3C standards.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Personalizing Intervened Network for Long-tailed Sequential User Behavior Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09130">arxiv:2208.09130</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zheqi Lv, Feng Wang, Shengyu Zhang, Kun Kuang, Hongxia Yang, Fei Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In an era of information explosion, recommendation systems play an important role in people's daily life by facilitating content exploration. It is known that user activeness, i.e., number of behaviors, tends to follow a long-tail distribution, where the majority of users are with low activeness. In practice, we observe that tail users suffer from significantly lower-quality recommendation than the head users after joint training. We further identify that a model trained on tail users separately still achieve inferior results due to limited data. Though long-tail distributions are ubiquitous in recommendation systems, improving the recommendation performance on the tail users still remains challenge in both research and industry. Directly applying related methods on long-tail distribution might be at risk of hurting the experience of head users, which is less affordable since a small portion of head users with high activeness contribute a considerate portion of platform revenue. In this paper, we propose a novel approach that significantly improves the recommendation performance of the tail users while achieving at least comparable performance for the head users over the base model. The essence of this approach is a novel Gradient Aggregation technique that learns common knowledge shared by all users into a backbone model, followed by separate plugin prediction networks for the head users and the tail users personalization. As for common knowledge learning, we leverage the backward adjustment from the causality theory for deconfounding the gradient estimation and thus shielding off the backbone training from the confounder, i.e., user activeness. We conduct extensive experiments on two public recommendation benchmark datasets and a large-scale industrial datasets collected from the Alipay platform. Empirical studies validate the rationality and effectiveness of our approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Video Interpolation by Event-driven Anisotropic Adjustment of Optical Flow</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09127">arxiv:2208.09127</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Song Wu, Kaichao You, Weihua He, Chen Yang, Yang Tian, Yaoyuan Wang, Ziyang Zhang, Jianxing Liao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video frame interpolation is a challenging task due to the ever-changing real-world scene. Previous methods often calculate the bi-directional optical flows and then predict the intermediate optical flows under the linear motion assumptions, leading to isotropic intermediate flow generation. Follow-up research obtained anisotropic adjustment through estimated higher-order motion information with extra frames. Based on the motion assumptions, their methods are hard to model the complicated motion in real scenes. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end training method A^2OF for video frame interpolation with event-driven Anisotropic Adjustment of Optical Flows. Specifically, we use events to generate optical flow distribution masks for the intermediate optical flow, which can model the complicated motion between two frames. Our proposed method outperforms the previous methods in video frame interpolation, taking supervised event-based video interpolation to a higher stage.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learned Indexing in Proteins: Substituting Complex Distance Calculations with Embedding and Clustering Techniques</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08910">arxiv:2208.08910</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jaroslav Oľha, Terézia Slanináková, Martin Gendiar, Matej Antol, Vlastislav Dohnal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite the constant evolution of similarity searching research, it continues to face the same challenges stemming from the complexity of the data, such as the curse of dimensionality and computationally expensive distance functions. Various machine learning techniques have proven capable of replacing elaborate mathematical models with combinations of simple linear functions, often gaining speed and simplicity at the cost of formal guarantees of accuracy and correctness of querying.
  The authors explore the potential of this research trend by presenting a lightweight solution for the complex problem of 3D protein structure search. The solution consists of three steps -- (i) transformation of 3D protein structural information into very compact vectors, (ii) use of a probabilistic model to group these vectors and respond to queries by returning a given number of similar objects, and (iii) a final filtering step which applies basic vector distance functions to refine the result.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pixel-Wise Prediction based Visual Odometry via Uncertainty Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08892">arxiv:2208.08892</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hao-Wei Chen, Ting-Hsuan Liao, Hsuan-Kung Yang, Chun-Yi Lee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper introduces pixel-wise prediction based visual odometry (PWVO), which is a dense prediction task that evaluates the values of translation and rotation for every pixel in its input observations. PWVO employs uncertainty estimation to identify the noisy regions in the input observations, and adopts a selection mechanism to integrate pixel-wise predictions based on the estimated uncertainty maps to derive the final translation and rotation. In order to train PWVO in a comprehensive fashion, we further develop a data generation workflow for generating synthetic training data. The experimental results show that PWVO is able to deliver favorable results. In addition, our analyses validate the effectiveness of the designs adopted in PWVO, and demonstrate that the uncertainty maps estimated by PWVO is capable of capturing the noises in its input observations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Outlier Detection using Self-Organizing Maps for Automated Blood Cell Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08834">arxiv:2208.08834</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Stefan Röhrl, Alice Hein, Lucie Huang, Dominik Heim, Christian Klenk, Manuel Lengl, Martin Knopp, Nawal Hafez, Oliver Hayden, Klaus Diepold</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The quality of datasets plays a crucial role in the successful training and deployment of deep learning models. Especially in the medical field, where system performance may impact the health of patients, clean datasets are a safety requirement for reliable predictions. Therefore, outlier detection is an essential process when building autonomous clinical decision systems. In this work, we assess the suitability of Self-Organizing Maps for outlier detection specifically on a medical dataset containing quantitative phase images of white blood cells. We detect and evaluate outliers based on quantization errors and distance maps. Our findings confirm the suitability of Self-Organizing Maps for unsupervised Out-Of-Distribution detection on the dataset at hand. Self-Organizing Maps perform on par with a manually specified filter based on expert domain knowledge. Additionally, they show promise as a tool in the exploration and cleaning of medical datasets. As a direction for future research, we suggest a combination of Self-Organizing Maps and feature extraction based on deep learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring and Exploiting Multi-Granularity Representations for Machine Reading Comprehension</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08750">arxiv:2208.08750</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nuo Chen, Chenyu You</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, the attention-enhanced multi-layer encoder, such as Transformer, has been extensively studied in Machine Reading Comprehension (MRC). To predict the answer, it is common practice to employ a predictor to draw information only from the final encoder layer which generates the coarse-grained representations of the source sequences, i.e., passage and question. The analysis shows that the representation of source sequence becomes more coarse-grained from finegrained as the encoding layer increases. It is generally believed that with the growing number of layers in deep neural networks, the encoding process will gather relevant information for each location increasingly, resulting in more coarse-grained representations, which adds the likelihood of similarity to other locations (referring to homogeneity). Such phenomenon will mislead the model to make wrong judgement and degrade the performance. In this paper, we argue that it would be better if the predictor could exploit representations of different granularity from the encoder, providing different views of the source sequences, such that the expressive power of the model could be fully utilized. To this end, we propose a novel approach called Adaptive Bidirectional Attention-Capsule Network (ABA-Net), which adaptively exploits the source representations of different levels to the predictor. Furthermore, due to the better representations are at the core for boosting MRC performance, the capsule network and self-attention module are carefully designed as the building blocks of our encoders, which provides the capability to explore the local and global representations, respectively. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets, i.e., SQuAD 1.0, SQuAD 2.0 and COQA, demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. In particular, we set the new state-of-the-art performance on the SQuAD 1.0 dataset

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Active PETs: Active Data Annotation Prioritisation for Few-Shot Claim Verification with Pattern Exploiting Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08749">arxiv:2208.08749</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xia Zeng, Arkaitz Zubiaga</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To mitigate the impact of data scarcity on fact-checking systems, we focus on few-shot claim verification. Despite recent work on few-shot classification by proposing advanced language models, there is a dearth of research in data annotation prioritisation that improves the selection of the few shots to be labelled for optimal model performance. We propose Active PETs, a novel weighted approach that utilises an ensemble of Pattern Exploiting Training (PET) models based on various language models, to actively select unlabelled data as candidates for annotation. Using Active PETs for data selection shows consistent improvement over the state-of-the-art active learning method, on two technical fact-checking datasets and using six different pretrained language models. We show further improvement with Active PETs-o, which further integrates an oversampling strategy. Our approach enables effective selection of instances to be labelled where unlabelled data is abundant but resources for labelling are limited, leading to consistently improved few-shot claim verification performance. Our code will be available upon publication.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Profiler: Profile-Based Model to Detect Phishing Emails</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08745">arxiv:2208.08745</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mariya Shmalko, Alsharif Abuadbba, Raj Gaire, Tingmin Wu, Hye-Young Paik, Surya Nepal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Email phishing has become more prevalent and grows more sophisticated over time. To combat this rise, many machine learning (ML) algorithms for detecting phishing emails have been developed. However, due to the limited email data sets on which these algorithms train, they are not adept at recognising varied attacks and, thus, suffer from concept drift; attackers can introduce small changes in the statistical characteristics of their emails or websites to successfully bypass detection. Over time, a gap develops between the reported accuracy from literature and the algorithm's actual effectiveness in the real world. This realises itself in frequent false positive and false negative classifications.
  To this end, we propose a multidimensional risk assessment of emails to reduce the feasibility of an attacker adapting their email and avoiding detection. This horizontal approach to email phishing detection profiles an incoming email on its main features. We develop a risk assessment framework that includes three models which analyse an email's (1) threat level, (2) cognitive manipulation, and (3) email type, which we combine to return the final risk assessment score. The Profiler does not require large data sets to train on to be effective and its analysis of varied email features reduces the impact of concept drift. Our Profiler can be used in conjunction with ML approaches, to reduce their misclassifications or as a labeller for large email data sets in the training stage.
  We evaluate the efficacy of the Profiler against a machine learning ensemble using state-of-the-art ML algorithms on a data set of 9000 legitimate and 900 phishing emails from a large Australian research organisation. Our results indicate that the Profiler's mitigates the impact of concept drift, and delivers 30% less false positive and 25% less false negative email classifications over the ML ensemble's approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Signed Graph Sampling via Balancing & Gershgorin Disc Perfect Alignment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08726">arxiv:2208.08726</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chinthaka Dinesh, Gene Cheung, Saghar Bagheri, Ivan V. Bajic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A basic premise in graph signal processing (GSP) is that a graph encoding pairwise (anti-)correlations of the targeted signal as edge weights is exploited for graph filtering. However, existing fast graph sampling schemes are designed and tested only for positive graphs describing positive correlations. In this paper, we show that for datasets with strong inherent anti-correlations, a suitable graph contains both positive and negative edge weights. In response, we propose a linear-time signed graph sampling method centered on the concept of balanced signed graphs. Specifically, given an empirical covariance data matrix $\bar{\bf{C}}$, we first learn a sparse inverse matrix (graph Laplacian) $\mathcal{L}$ corresponding to a signed graph $\mathcal{G}$. We define the eigenvectors of Laplacian $\mathcal{L}_B$ for a balanced signed graph $\mathcal{G}_B$ -- approximating $\mathcal{G}$ via edge weight augmentation -- as graph frequency components. Next, we choose samples to minimize the low-pass filter reconstruction error in two steps. We first align all Gershgorin disc left-ends of Laplacian $\mathcal{L}_B$ at smallest eigenvalue $λ_{\min}(\mathcal{L}_B)$ via similarity transform $\mathcal{L}_p = §\mathcal{L}_B §^{-1}$, leveraging a recent linear algebra theorem called Gershgorin disc perfect alignment (GDPA). We then perform sampling on $\mathcal{L}_p$ using a previous fast Gershgorin disc alignment sampling (GDAS) scheme. Experimental results show that our signed graph sampling method outperformed existing fast sampling schemes noticeably on various datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Disentangled Contrastive Learning for Social Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08723">arxiv:2208.08723</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiahao Wu, Wenqi Fan, Jingfan Chen, Shengcai Liu, Qing Li, Ke Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Social recommendations utilize social relations to enhance the representation learning for recommendations. Most social recommendation models unify user representations for the user-item interactions (collaborative domain) and social relations (social domain). However, such an approach may fail to model the users heterogeneous behavior patterns in two domains, impairing the expressiveness of user representations. In this work, to address such limitation, we propose a novel Disentangled contrastive learning framework for social Recommendations DcRec. More specifically, we propose to learn disentangled users representations from the item and social domains. Moreover, disentangled contrastive learning is designed to perform knowledge transfer between disentangled users representations for social recommendations. Comprehensive experiments on various real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority of our proposed model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Mere Contrastive Learning for Cross-Domain Sentiment Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08678">arxiv:2208.08678</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yun Luo, Fang Guo, Zihan Liu, Yue Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cross-domain sentiment analysis aims to predict the sentiment of texts in the target domain using the model trained on the source domain to cope with the scarcity of labeled data. Previous studies are mostly cross-entropy-based methods for the task, which suffer from instability and poor generalization. In this paper, we explore contrastive learning on the cross-domain sentiment analysis task. We propose a modified contrastive objective with in-batch negative samples so that the sentence representations from the same class will be pushed close while those from the different classes become further apart in the latent space. Experiments on two widely used datasets show that our model can achieve state-of-the-art performance in both cross-domain and multi-domain sentiment analysis tasks. Meanwhile, visualizations demonstrate the effectiveness of transferring knowledge learned in the source domain to the target domain and the adversarial test verifies the robustness of our model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Private, Efficient, and Accurate: Protecting Models Trained by Multi-party Learning with Differential Privacy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08662">arxiv:2208.08662</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wenqiang Ruan, Mingxin Xu, Wenjing Fang, Li Wang, Lei Wang, Weili Han</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Secure multi-party computation-based machine learning, referred to as MPL, has become an important technology to utilize data from multiple parties with privacy preservation. While MPL provides rigorous security guarantees for the computation process, the models trained by MPL are still vulnerable to attacks that solely depend on access to the models. Differential privacy could help to defend against such attacks. However, the accuracy loss brought by differential privacy and the huge communication overhead of secure multi-party computation protocols make it highly challenging to balance the 3-way trade-off between privacy, efficiency, and accuracy.
  In this paper, we are motivated to resolve the above issue by proposing a solution, referred to as PEA (Private, Efficient, Accurate), which consists of a secure DPSGD protocol and two optimization methods. First, we propose a secure DPSGD protocol to enforce DPSGD in secret sharing-based MPL frameworks. Second, to reduce the accuracy loss led by differential privacy noise and the huge communication overhead of MPL, we propose two optimization methods for the training process of MPL: (1) the data-independent feature extraction method, which aims to simplify the trained model structure; (2) the local data-based global model initialization method, which aims to speed up the convergence of the model training. We implement PEA in two open-source MPL frameworks: TF-Encrypted and Queqiao. The experimental results on various datasets demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of PEA. E.g. when $ε$ = 2, we can train a differentially private classification model with an accuracy of 88% for CIFAR-10 within 7 minutes under the LAN setting. This result significantly outperforms the one from CryptGPU, one SOTA MPL framework: it costs more than 16 hours to train a non-private deep neural network model on CIFAR-10 with the same accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Tree-structured Transformer for Program Representation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08643">arxiv:2208.08643</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Wenhan Wang, Kechi Zhang, Ge Li, Shangqing Liu, Zhi Jin, Yang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When using deep learning techniques to model program languages, neural networks with tree or graph structures are widely adopted to capture the rich structural information within program abstract syntax trees (AST). However, long-term/global dependencies widely exist in programs, and most of these neural architectures fail to capture these dependencies. In this paper, we propose Tree-Transformer, a novel recursive tree-structured neural network which aims to overcome the above limitations. Tree-Transformer leverages two multi-head attention units to model the dependency between siblings and parent-children node pairs. Moreover, we propose a bi-directional propagation strategy to allow node information passing in two directions: bottom-up and top-down along trees. By combining bottom-up and top-down propagation, Tree-Transformer can learn both global contexts and meaningful node features. The extensive experimental results show that our Tree-Transformer outperforms existing tree-based or graph-based neural networks in program-related tasks with tree-level and node-level prediction tasks, indicating that Tree-Transformer performs well on learning both tree-level and node-level representations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Simulation-Informed Revenue Extrapolation with Confidence Estimate for Scaleup Companies Using Scarce Time-Series Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.10375">arxiv:2208.10375</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Lele Cao, Sonja Horn, Vilhelm von Ehrenheim, Richard Anselmo Stahl, Henrik Landgren</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Investment professionals rely on extrapolating company revenue into the future (i.e. revenue forecast) to approximate the valuation of scaleups (private companies in a high-growth stage) and inform their investment decision. This task is manual and empirical, leaving the forecast quality heavily dependent on the investment professionals' experiences and insights. Furthermore, financial data on scaleups is typically proprietary, costly and scarce, ruling out the wide adoption of data-driven approaches. To this end, we propose a simulation-informed revenue extrapolation (SiRE) algorithm that generates fine-grained long-term revenue predictions on small datasets and short time-series. SiRE models the revenue dynamics as a linear dynamical system (LDS), which is solved using the EM algorithm. The main innovation lies in how the noisy revenue measurements are obtained during training and inferencing. SiRE works for scaleups that operate in various sectors and provides confidence estimates. The quantitative experiments on two practical tasks show that SiRE significantly surpasses the baseline methods by a large margin. We also observe high performance when SiRE extrapolates long-term predictions from short time-series. The performance-efficiency balance and result explainability of SiRE are also validated empirically. Evaluated from the perspective of investment professionals, SiRE can precisely locate the scaleups that have a great potential return in 2 to 5 years. Furthermore, our qualitative inspection illustrates some advantageous attributes of the SiRE revenue forecasts.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semi-analytic PINN methods for singularly perturbed boundary value problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09145">arxiv:2208.09145</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Gung-Min Gie, Youngjoon Hong, Chang-Yeol Jung</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new semi-analytic physics informed neural network (PINN) to solve singularly perturbed boundary value problems. The PINN is a scientific machine learning framework that offers a promising perspective for finding numerical solutions to partial differential equations. The PINNs have shown impressive performance in solving various differential equations including time-dependent and multi-dimensional equations involved in a complex geometry of the domain. However, when considering stiff differential equations, neural networks in general fail to capture the sharp transition of solutions, due to the spectral bias. To resolve this issue, here we develop the semi-analytic PINN methods, enriched by using the so-called corrector functions obtained from the boundary layer analysis. Our new enriched PINNs accurately predict numerical solutions to the singular perturbation problems. Numerical experiments include various types of singularly perturbed linear and nonlinear differential equations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable Multi-Agent Framework for Optimizing the Lab and Warehouse</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09099">arxiv:2208.09099</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>A. Gilad Kusne, Austin McDannald</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The field of autonomous physical science - where machine learning guides and learns from experiments in a closed-loop - is rapidly growing in importance. Autonomous systems allow scientists to fail smarter, learn faster, and spend less resources in their studies. The field promises improved performance for various facilities such as labs, research and development pipelines, and warehouses. As autonomous systems grow in number, capability, and complexity, a new challenge arises - how will these systems work together across large facilities? We explore one solution to this question - a multi-agent framework. We demonstrate a framework with 1) a simulated facility with realistic resource limits such as equipment use limits, 2) machine learning agents with diverse learning capabilities and goals, control over lab instruments, and the ability to run research campaigns, and 3) a network over which these agents can share knowledge and work together to achieve individual or collective goals. The framework is dubbed the MULTI-agent auTonomous fAcilities - a Scalable frameworK aka MULTITASK. MULTITASK allows facility-wide simulations including agent-instrument and agent-agent interactions. Framework modularity allows real-world autonomous spaces to come on-line in phases, with simulated instruments gradually replaced by real-world instruments. Here we demonstrate the framework with a real-world materials science challenge of materials exploration and optimization in a simulated materials lab. We hope the framework opens new areas of research in agent-based facility control scenarios such as agent-to-agent markets and economies, management and decision-making structures, communication and data-sharing structures, and optimization strategies for agents and facilities including those based on game theory.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Situation Awareness and Attention Guidance in a Multiplayer Environment using Augmented Reality and Carcassonne</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09094">arxiv:2208.09094</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>David Kadish, Arezoo Sarkheyli-Hägele, Jose Font, Diederick C. Niehorster, Thomas Pederson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Augmented reality (AR) games are a rich environment for researching and testing computational systems that provide subtle user guidance and training. In particular computer systems that aim to augment a user's situation awareness benefit from the range of sensors and computing power available in AR headsets. In this work-in-progress paper, we present a new environment for research into situation awareness and attention guidance (SAAG): an augmented reality version of the board game Carcassonne. We also present our initial work in producing a SAAG pipeline, including the creation of game state encodings, the development and training of a gameplay AI, and the design of situation modelling and gaze tracking systems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The First Mathematical Proof That Crossover Gives Super-Constant Performance Gains For the NSGA-II</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08759">arxiv:2208.08759</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Benjamin Doerr, Zhongdi Qu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Very recently, the first mathematical runtime analyses for the NSGA-II, the most common multi-objective evolutionary algorithm, have been conducted (Zheng, Liu, Doerr (AAAI 2022)). Continuing this research direction, we prove that the NSGA-II optimizes the OneJumpZeroJump benchmark asymptotically faster when crossover is employed. This is the first time such an advantage of crossover is proven for the NSGA-II. Our arguments can be transferred to single-objective optimization. They then prove that crossover can speed-up the $(μ+1)$ genetic algorithm in a different way and more pronounced than known before. Our experiments confirm the added value of crossover and show that the observed speed-ups are even larger than what our proofs can guarantee.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physics-Informed Neural Network Method for Parabolic Differential Equations with Sharply Perturbed Initial Conditions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08635">arxiv:2208.08635</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yifei Zong, QiZhi He, Alexandre M. Tartakovsky</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we develop a physics-informed neural network (PINN) model for parabolic problems with a sharply perturbed initial condition. As an example of a parabolic problem, we consider the advection-dispersion equation (ADE) with a point (Gaussian) source initial condition. In the $d$-dimensional ADE, perturbations in the initial condition decay with time $t$ as $t^{-d/2}$, which can cause a large approximation error in the PINN solution. Localized large gradients in the ADE solution make the (common in PINN) Latin hypercube sampling of the equation's residual highly inefficient. Finally, the PINN solution of parabolic equations is sensitive to the choice of weights in the loss function. We propose a normalized form of ADE where the initial perturbation of the solution does not decrease in amplitude and demonstrate that this normalization significantly reduces the PINN approximation error. We propose criteria for weights in the loss function that produce a more accurate PINN solution than those obtained with the weights selected via other methods. Finally, we proposed an adaptive sampling scheme that significantly reduces the PINN solution error for the same number of the sampling (residual) points. We demonstrate the accuracy of the proposed PINN model for forward, inverse, and backward ADEs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DCNNV-19: A Deep Convolutional Neural Network for COVID-19 Detection in Chest Computed Tomographies</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.09349">arxiv:2208.09349</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Victor Felipe Reis-Silva</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This technical report proposes the use of a deep convolutional neural network as a preliminary diagnostic method in the analysis of chest computed tomography images from patients with symptoms of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and suspected COVID-19 disease, especially on occasions when the delay of the RT-PCR result and the absence of urgent care could result in serious temporary, long-term, or permanent health damage. The model was trained on 83,391 images, validated on 15,297, and tested on 22,185 figures, achieving an F1-Score of 98%, 97.59% in Cohen's Kappa, 98.4% in Accuracy, and 5.09% in Loss. Attesting a highly accurate automated classification and providing results in less time than the current gold-standard exam, Real-Time reverse-transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Meta Sparse Principal Component Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.08938">arxiv:2208.08938</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Imon Banerjee, Jean Honorio</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the meta-learning for support (i.e. the set of non-zero entries) recovery in high-dimensional Principal Component Analysis. We reduce the sufficient sample complexity in a novel task with the information that is learned from auxiliary tasks. We assume each task to be a different random Principal Component (PC) matrix with a possibly different support and that the support union of the PC matrices is small. We then pool the data from all the tasks to execute an improper estimation of a single PC matrix by maximising the $l_1$-regularised predictive covariance to establish that with high probability the true support union can be recovered provided a sufficient number of tasks $m$ and a sufficient number of samples $ O\left(\frac{\log(p)}{m}\right)$ for each task, for $p$-dimensional vectors. Then, for a novel task, we prove that the maximisation of the $l_1$-regularised predictive covariance with the additional constraint that the support is a subset of the estimated support union could reduce the sufficient sample complexity of successful support recovery to $O(\log |J|)$, where $J$ is the support union recovered from the auxiliary tasks. Typically, $|J|$ would be much less than $p$ for sparse matrices. Finally, we demonstrate the validity of our experiments through numerical simulations.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.08.17]({{ '/2022/08/17/2022.08.17.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.08.19]({{ '/2022/08/19/2022.08.19.html' | relative_url }})