Prev: [2022.11.19]({{ '/2022/11/19/2022.11.19.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.11.21]({{ '/2022/11/21/2022.11.21.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-11-20, created on 2022-11-24


<details><summary><b>Convexifying Transformers: Improving optimization and understanding of transformer networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11052">arxiv:2211.11052</a>
&#x1F4C8; 58 <br>
<p>Tolga Ergen, Behnam Neyshabur, Harsh Mehta</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Understanding the fundamental mechanism behind the success of transformer networks is still an open problem in the deep learning literature. Although their remarkable performance has been mostly attributed to the self-attention mechanism, the literature still lacks a solid analysis of these networks and interpretation of the functions learned by them. To this end, we study the training problem of attention/transformer networks and introduce a novel convex analytic approach to improve the understanding and optimization of these networks. Particularly, we first introduce a convex alternative to the self-attention mechanism and reformulate the regularized training problem of transformer networks with our alternative convex attention. Then, we cast the reformulation as a convex optimization problem that is interpretable and easier to optimize. Moreover, as a byproduct of our convex analysis, we reveal an implicit regularization mechanism, which promotes sparsity across tokens. Therefore, we not only improve the optimization of attention/transformer networks but also provide a solid theoretical understanding of the functions learned by them. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of our theory through several numerical experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spatio-temporal point processes with deep non-stationary kernels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11179">arxiv:2211.11179</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zheng Dong, Xiuyuan Cheng, Yao Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Point process data are becoming ubiquitous in modern applications, such as social networks, health care, and finance. Despite the powerful expressiveness of the popular recurrent neural network (RNN) models for point process data, they may not successfully capture sophisticated non-stationary dependencies in the data due to their recurrent structures. Another popular type of deep model for point process data is based on representing the influence kernel (rather than the intensity function) by neural networks. We take the latter approach and develop a new deep non-stationary influence kernel that can model non-stationary spatio-temporal point processes. The main idea is to approximate the influence kernel with a novel and general low-rank decomposition, enabling efficient representation through deep neural networks and computational efficiency and better performance. We also take a new approach to maintain the non-negativity constraint of the conditional intensity by introducing a log-barrier penalty. We demonstrate our proposed method's good performance and computational efficiency compared with the state-of-the-art on simulated and real data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spatiotemporal Modeling of Multivariate Signals With Graph Neural Networks and Structured State Space Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11176">arxiv:2211.11176</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Siyi Tang, Jared A. Dunnmon, Liangqiong Qu, Khaled K. Saab, Christopher Lee-Messer, Daniel L. Rubin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multivariate signals are prevalent in various domains, such as healthcare, transportation systems, and space sciences. Modeling spatiotemporal dependencies in multivariate signals is challenging due to (1) long-range temporal dependencies and (2) complex spatial correlations between sensors. To address these challenges, we propose representing multivariate signals as graphs and introduce GraphS4mer, a general graph neural network (GNN) architecture that captures both spatial and temporal dependencies in multivariate signals. Specifically, (1) we leverage Structured State Spaces model (S4), a state-of-the-art sequence model, to capture long-term temporal dependencies and (2) we propose a graph structure learning layer in GraphS4mer to learn dynamically evolving graph structures in the data. We evaluate our proposed model on three distinct tasks and show that GraphS4mer consistently improves over existing models, including (1) seizure detection from electroencephalography signals, outperforming a previous GNN with self-supervised pretraining by 3.1 points in AUROC; (2) sleep staging from polysomnography signals, a 4.1 points improvement in macro-F1 score compared to existing sleep staging models; and (3) traffic forecasting, reducing MAE by 8.8% compared to existing GNNs and by 1.4% compared to Transformer-based models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The loss of the property of locality of the kernel in high-dimensional Gaussian process regression on the example of the fitting of molecular potential energy surfaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11170">arxiv:2211.11170</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sergei Manzhos, Manabu Ihara</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Kernel based methods including Gaussian process regression (GPR) and generally kernel ridge regression (KRR) have been finding increasing use in computational chemistry, including the fitting of potential energy surfaces and density functionals in high-dimensional feature spaces. Kernels of the Matern family such as Gaussian-like kernels (basis functions) are often used, which allows imparting them the meaning of covariance functions and formulating GPR as an estimator of the mean of a Gaussian distribution. The notion of locality of the kernel is critical for this interpretation. It is also critical to the formulation of multi-zeta type basis functions widely used in computational chemistry We show, on the example of fitting of molecular potential energy surfaces of increasing dimensionality, the practical disappearance of the property of locality of a Gaussian-like kernel in high dimensionality. We also formulate a multi-zeta approach to the kernel and show that it significantly improves the quality of regression in low dimensionality but loses any advantage in high dimensionality, which is attributed to the loss of the property of locality.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Counterfactual Learning with Multioutput Deep Kernels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11119">arxiv:2211.11119</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Alberto Caron, Gianluca Baio, Ioanna Manolopoulou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we address the challenge of performing counterfactual inference with observational data via Bayesian nonparametric regression adjustment, with a focus on high-dimensional settings featuring multiple actions and multiple correlated outcomes. We present a general class of counterfactual multi-task deep kernels models that estimate causal effects and learn policies proficiently thanks to their sample efficiency gains, while scaling well with high dimensions. In the first part of the work, we rely on Structural Causal Models (SCM) to formally introduce the setup and the problem of identifying counterfactual quantities under observed confounding. We then discuss the benefits of tackling the task of causal effects estimation via stacked coregionalized Gaussian Processes and Deep Kernels. Finally, we demonstrate the use of the proposed methods on simulated experiments that span individual causal effects estimation, off-policy evaluation and optimization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Approximate Uncertainty Propagation for Continuous Gaussian Process Dynamical Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11103">arxiv:2211.11103</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Steffen Ridderbusch, Sina Ober-Blöbaum, Paul Goulart</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When learning continuous dynamical systems with Gaussian Processes, computing trajectories requires repeatedly mapping the distributions of uncertain states through the distribution of learned nonlinear functions, which is generally intractable. Since sampling-based approaches are computationally expensive, we consider approximations of the output and trajectory distributions. We show that existing methods make an incorrect implicit independence assumption and underestimate the model-induced uncertainty. We propose a piecewise linear approximation of the GP model yielding a class of numerical solvers for efficient uncertainty estimates matching sampling-based methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Algorithmic Decision-Making Safeguarded by Human Knowledge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11028">arxiv:2211.11028</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ningyuan Chen, Ming Hu, Wenhao Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Commercial AI solutions provide analysts and managers with data-driven business intelligence for a wide range of decisions, such as demand forecasting and pricing. However, human analysts may have their own insights and experiences about the decision-making that is at odds with the algorithmic recommendation. In view of such a conflict, we provide a general analytical framework to study the augmentation of algorithmic decisions with human knowledge: the analyst uses the knowledge to set a guardrail by which the algorithmic decision is clipped if the algorithmic output is out of bound, and seems unreasonable. We study the conditions under which the augmentation is beneficial relative to the raw algorithmic decision. We show that when the algorithmic decision is asymptotically optimal with large data, the non-data-driven human guardrail usually provides no benefit. However, we point out three common pitfalls of the algorithmic decision: (1) lack of domain knowledge, such as the market competition, (2) model misspecification, and (3) data contamination. In these cases, even with sufficient data, the augmentation from human knowledge can still improve the performance of the algorithmic decision.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Active Exploration based on Information Gain by Particle Filter for Efficient Spatial Concept Formation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10934">arxiv:2211.10934</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Akira Taniguchi, Yoshiki Tabuchi, Tomochika Ishikawa, Lotfi El Hafi, Yoshinobu Hagiwara, Tadahiro Taniguchi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autonomous robots are required to actively and adaptively learn the categories and words of various places by exploring the surrounding environment and interacting with users. In semantic mapping and spatial language acquisition conducted using robots, it is costly and labor-intensive to prepare training datasets that contain linguistic instructions from users. Therefore, we aimed to enable mobile robots to learn spatial concepts through autonomous active exploration. This study is characterized by interpreting the `action' of the robot that asks the user the question `What kind of place is this?' in the context of active inference. We propose an active inference method, spatial concept formation with information gain-based active exploration (SpCoAE), that combines sequential Bayesian inference by particle filters and position determination based on information gain in a probabilistic generative model. Our experiment shows that the proposed method can efficiently determine a position to form appropriate spatial concepts in home environments. In particular, it is important to conduct efficient exploration that leads to appropriate concept formation and quickly covers the environment without adopting a haphazard exploration strategy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Graph Regularized Point Process Model For Event Propagation Sequence</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11758">arxiv:2211.11758</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Siqiao Xue, Xiaoming Shi, Hongyan Hao, Lintao Ma, Shiyu Wang, Shijun Wang, James Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Point process is the dominant paradigm for modeling event sequences occurring at irregular intervals. In this paper we aim at modeling latent dynamics of event propagation in graph, where the event sequence propagates in a directed weighted graph whose nodes represent event marks (e.g., event types). Most existing works have only considered encoding sequential event history into event representation and ignored the information from the latent graph structure. Besides they also suffer from poor model explainability, i.e., failing to uncover causal influence across a wide variety of nodes. To address these problems, we propose a Graph Regularized Point Process (GRPP) that can be decomposed into: 1) a graph propagation model that characterizes the event interactions across nodes with neighbors and inductively learns node representations; 2) a temporal attentive intensity model, whose excitation and time decay factors of past events on the current event are constructed via the contextualization of the node embedding. Moreover, by applying a graph regularization method, GRPP provides model interpretability by uncovering influence strengths between nodes. Numerical experiments on various datasets show that GRPP outperforms existing models on both the propagation time and node prediction by notable margins.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Algorithm for Routing Vectors in Sequences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11754">arxiv:2211.11754</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Franz A. Heinsen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a routing algorithm that takes a sequence vectors and computes a new sequence with specified length and vector size. Each output vector maximizes ``bang per bit,'' the difference between a net benefit to use and net cost to ignore data, by better predicting the input vectors. We describe output vectors as geometric objects, as latent variables that assign credit, as query states in a model of associative memory, and as agents in a model of a Society of Mind. We implement the algorithm with optimizations that reduce parameter count, computation, and memory use by orders of magnitude, enabling us to route sequences of greater length than previously possible. We evaluate our implementation on natural language and visual classification tasks, obtaining competitive or state-of-the-art accuracy and end-to-end credit assignments that are interpretable.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Directed Acyclic Graph Factorization Machines for CTR Prediction via Knowledge Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11159">arxiv:2211.11159</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zhen Tian, Ting Bai, Zibin Zhang, Zhiyuan Xu, Kangyi Lin, Ji-Rong Wen, Wayne Xin Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the growth of high-dimensional sparse data in web-scale recommender systems, the computational cost to learn high-order feature interaction in CTR prediction task largely increases, which limits the use of high-order interaction models in real industrial applications. Some recent knowledge distillation based methods transfer knowledge from complex teacher models to shallow student models for accelerating the online model inference. However, they suffer from the degradation of model accuracy in knowledge distillation process. It is challenging to balance the efficiency and effectiveness of the shallow student models. To address this problem, we propose a Directed Acyclic Graph Factorization Machine (KD-DAGFM) to learn the high-order feature interactions from existing complex interaction models for CTR prediction via Knowledge Distillation. The proposed lightweight student model DAGFM can learn arbitrary explicit feature interactions from teacher networks, which achieves approximately lossless performance and is proved by a dynamic programming algorithm. Besides, an improved general model KD-DAGFM+ is shown to be effective in distilling both explicit and implicit feature interactions from any complex teacher model. Extensive experiments are conducted on four real-world datasets, including a large-scale industrial dataset from WeChat platform with billions of feature dimensions. KD-DAGFM achieves the best performance with less than 21.5% FLOPs of the state-of-the-art method on both online and offline experiments, showing the superiority of DAGFM to deal with the industrial scale data in CTR prediction task. Our implementation code is available at: https://github.com/RUCAIBox/DAGFM.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unifying Vision-Language Representation Space with Single-tower Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11153">arxiv:2211.11153</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiho Jang, Chaerin Kong, Donghyeon Jeon, Seonhoon Kim, Nojun Kwak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Contrastive learning is a form of distance learning that aims to learn invariant features from two related representations. In this paper, we explore the bold hypothesis that an image and its caption can be simply regarded as two different views of the underlying mutual information, and train a model to learn a unified vision-language representation space that encodes both modalities at once in a modality-agnostic manner. We first identify difficulties in learning a generic one-tower model for vision-language pretraining (VLP), and propose OneR as a simple yet effective framework for our goal. We discover intriguing properties that distinguish OneR from the previous works that learn modality-specific representation spaces such as zero-shot object localization, text-guided visual reasoning and multi-modal retrieval, and present analyses to provide insights into this new form of multi-modal representation learning. Thorough evaluations demonstrate the potential of a unified modality-agnostic VLP framework.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>You Need Multiple Exiting: Dynamic Early Exiting for Accelerating Unified Vision Language Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11152">arxiv:2211.11152</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shengkun Tang, Yaqing Wang, Zhenglun Kong, Tianchi Zhang, Yao Li, Caiwen Ding, Yanzhi Wang, Yi Liang, Dongkuan Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large-scale Transformer models bring significant improvements for various downstream vision language tasks with a unified architecture. The performance improvements come with increasing model size, resulting in slow inference speed and increased cost for severing. While some certain predictions benefit from the full complexity of the large-scale model, not all of inputs need the same amount of computation to conduct, potentially leading to computation resource waste. To handle this challenge, early exiting is proposed to adaptively allocate computational power in term of input complexity to improve inference efficiency. The existing early exiting strategies usually adopt output confidence based on intermediate layers as a proxy of input complexity to incur the decision of skipping following layers. However, such strategies cannot apply to encoder in the widely-used unified architecture with both encoder and decoder due to difficulty of output confidence estimation in the encoder. It is suboptimal in term of saving computation power to ignore the early exiting in encoder component. To handle this challenge, we propose a novel early exiting strategy for unified visual language models, which allows dynamically skip the layers in encoder and decoder simultaneously in term of input layer-wise similarities with multiple times of early exiting, namely \textbf{MuE}. By decomposing the image and text modalities in the encoder, MuE is flexible and can skip different layers in term of modalities, advancing the inference efficiency while minimizing performance drop. Experiments on the SNLI-VE and MS COCO datasets show that the proposed approach MuE can reduce expected inference time by up to 50\% and 40\% while maintaining 99\% and 96\% performance respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Q-Ensemble for Offline RL: Don't Scale the Ensemble, Scale the Batch Size</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11092">arxiv:2211.11092</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Alexander Nikulin, Vladislav Kurenkov, Denis Tarasov, Dmitry Akimov, Sergey Kolesnikov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Training large neural networks is known to be time-consuming, with the learning duration taking days or even weeks. To address this problem, large-batch optimization was introduced. This approach demonstrated that scaling mini-batch sizes with appropriate learning rate adjustments can speed up the training process by orders of magnitude. While long training time was not typically a major issue for model-free deep offline RL algorithms, recently introduced Q-ensemble methods achieving state-of-the-art performance made this issue more relevant, notably extending the training duration. In this work, we demonstrate how this class of methods can benefit from large-batch optimization, which is commonly overlooked by the deep offline RL community. We show that scaling the mini-batch size and naively adjusting the learning rate allows for (1) a reduced size of the Q-ensemble, (2) stronger penalization of out-of-distribution actions, and (3) improved convergence time, effectively shortening training duration by 3-4x times on average.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Embarrassingly Simple Baseline for Imbalanced Semi-Supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11086">arxiv:2211.11086</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hao Chen, Yue Fan, Yidong Wang, Jindong Wang, Bernt Schiele, Xing Xie, Marios Savvides, Bhiksha Raj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Semi-supervised learning (SSL) has shown great promise in leveraging unlabeled data to improve model performance. While standard SSL assumes uniform data distribution, we consider a more realistic and challenging setting called imbalanced SSL, where imbalanced class distributions occur in both labeled and unlabeled data. Although there are existing endeavors to tackle this challenge, their performance degenerates when facing severe imbalance since they can not reduce the class imbalance sufficiently and effectively. In this paper, we study a simple yet overlooked baseline -- SimiS -- which tackles data imbalance by simply supplementing labeled data with pseudo-labels, according to the difference in class distribution from the most frequent class. Such a simple baseline turns out to be highly effective in reducing class imbalance. It outperforms existing methods by a significant margin, e.g., 12.8%, 13.6%, and 16.7% over previous SOTA on CIFAR100-LT, FOOD101-LT, and ImageNet127 respectively. The reduced imbalance results in faster convergence and better pseudo-label accuracy of SimiS. The simplicity of our method also makes it possible to be combined with other re-balancing techniques to improve the performance further. Moreover, our method shows great robustness to a wide range of data distributions, which holds enormous potential in practice. Code will be publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Theory of Unsupervised Translation Motivated by Understanding Animal Communication</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11081">arxiv:2211.11081</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shafi Goldwasser, David F. Gruber, Adam Tauman Kalai, Orr Paradise</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent years have seen breakthroughs in neural language models that capture nuances of language, culture, and knowledge. Neural networks are capable of translating between languages -- in some cases even between two languages where there is little or no access to parallel translations, in what is known as Unsupervised Machine Translation (UMT). Given this progress, it is intriguing to ask whether machine learning tools can ultimately enable understanding animal communication, particularly that of highly intelligent animals. Our work is motivated by an ambitious interdisciplinary initiative, Project CETI, which is collecting a large corpus of sperm whale communications for machine analysis.
  We propose a theoretical framework for analyzing UMT when no parallel data are available and when it cannot be assumed that the source and target corpora address related subject domains or posses similar linguistic structure. The framework requires access to a prior probability distribution that should assign non-zero probability to possible translations. We instantiate our framework with two models of language. Our analysis suggests that accuracy of translation depends on the complexity of the source language and the amount of ``common ground'' between the source language and target prior.
  We also prove upper bounds on the amount of data required from the source language in the unsupervised setting as a function of the amount of data required in a hypothetical supervised setting. Surprisingly, our bounds suggest that the amount of source data required for unsupervised translation is comparable to the supervised setting. For one of the language models which we analyze we also prove a nearly matching lower bound.
  Our analysis is purely information-theoretic and as such can inform how much source data needs to be collected, but does not yield a computationally efficient procedure.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Revealing Robust Oil and Gas Company Macro-Strategies using Deep Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11043">arxiv:2211.11043</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Dylan Radovic, Lucas Kruitwagen, Christian Schroeder de Witt, Ben Caldecott, Shane Tomlinson, Mark Workman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The energy transition potentially poses an existential risk for major international oil companies (IOCs) if they fail to adapt to low-carbon business models. Projections of energy futures, however, are met with diverging assumptions on its scale and pace, causing disagreement among IOC decision-makers and their stakeholders over what the business model of an incumbent fossil fuel company should be. In this work, we used deep multi-agent reinforcement learning to solve an energy systems wargame wherein players simulate IOC decision-making, including hydrocarbon and low-carbon investments decisions, dividend policies, and capital structure measures, through an uncertain energy transition to explore critical and non-linear governance questions, from leveraged transitions to reserve replacements. Adversarial play facilitated by state-of-the-art algorithms revealed decision-making strategies robust to energy transition uncertainty and against multiple IOCs. In all games, robust strategies emerged in the form of low-carbon business models as a result of early transition-oriented movement. IOCs adopting such strategies outperformed business-as-usual and delayed transition strategies regardless of hydrocarbon demand projections. In addition to maximizing value, these strategies benefit greater society by contributing substantial amounts of capital necessary to accelerate the global low-carbon energy transition. Our findings point towards the need for lenders and investors to effectively mobilize transition-oriented finance and engage with IOCs to ensure responsible reallocation of capital towards low-carbon business models that would enable the emergence of fossil fuel incumbents as future low-carbon leaders.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-supervised iRegNet for the Registration of Longitudinal Brain MRI of Diffuse Glioma Patients</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11025">arxiv:2211.11025</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ramy A. Zeineldin, Mohamed E. Karar, Franziska Mathis-Ullrich, Oliver Burgert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reliable and accurate registration of patient-specific brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans containing pathologies is challenging due to tissue appearance changes. This paper describes our contribution to the Registration of the longitudinal brain MRI task of the Brain Tumor Sequence Registration Challenge 2022 (BraTS-Reg 2022). We developed an enhanced unsupervised learning-based method that extends the iRegNet. In particular, incorporating an unsupervised learning-based paradigm as well as several minor modifications to the network pipeline, allows the enhanced iRegNet method to achieve respectable results. Experimental findings show that the enhanced self-supervised model is able to improve the initial mean median registration absolute error (MAE) from 8.20 (7.62) mm to the lowest value of 3.51 (3.50) for the training set while achieving an MAE of 2.93 (1.63) mm for the validation set. Additional qualitative validation of this study was conducted through overlaying pre-post MRI pairs before and after the de-formable registration. The proposed method scored 5th place during the testing phase of the MICCAI BraTS-Reg 2022 challenge. The docker image to reproduce our BraTS-Reg submission results will be publicly available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding and Improving Knowledge Distillation for Quantization-Aware Training of Large Transformer Encoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11014">arxiv:2211.11014</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Minsoo Kim, Sihwa Lee, Sukjin Hong, Du-Seong Chang, Jungwook Choi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge distillation (KD) has been a ubiquitous method for model compression to strengthen the capability of a lightweight model with the transferred knowledge from the teacher. In particular, KD has been employed in quantization-aware training (QAT) of Transformer encoders like BERT to improve the accuracy of the student model with the reduced-precision weight parameters. However, little is understood about which of the various KD approaches best fits the QAT of Transformers. In this work, we provide an in-depth analysis of the mechanism of KD on attention recovery of quantized large Transformers. In particular, we reveal that the previously adopted MSE loss on the attention score is insufficient for recovering the self-attention information. Therefore, we propose two KD methods; attention-map and attention-output losses. Furthermore, we explore the unification of both losses to address task-dependent preference between attention-map and output losses. The experimental results on various Transformer encoder models demonstrate that the proposed KD methods achieve state-of-the-art accuracy for QAT with sub-2-bit weight quantization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LA-VocE: Low-SNR Audio-visual Speech Enhancement using Neural Vocoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10999">arxiv:2211.10999</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rodrigo Mira, Buye Xu, Jacob Donley, Anurag Kumar, Stavros Petridis, Vamsi Krishna Ithapu, Maja Pantic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Audio-visual speech enhancement aims to extract clean speech from a noisy environment by leveraging not only the audio itself but also the target speaker's lip movements. This approach has been shown to yield improvements over audio-only speech enhancement, particularly for the removal of interfering speech. Despite recent advances in speech synthesis, most audio-visual approaches continue to use spectral mapping/masking to reproduce the clean audio, often resulting in visual backbones added to existing speech enhancement architectures. In this work, we propose LA-VocE, a new two-stage approach that predicts mel-spectrograms from noisy audio-visual speech via a transformer-based architecture, and then converts them into waveform audio using a neural vocoder (HiFi-GAN). We train and evaluate our framework on thousands of speakers and 11+ different languages, and study our model's ability to adapt to different levels of background noise and speech interference. Our experiments show that LA-VocE outperforms existing methods according to multiple metrics, particularly under very noisy scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Comparative Analysis of Transfer Learning-based Techniques for the Classification of Melanocytic Nevi</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10972">arxiv:2211.10972</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sanya Sinha, Nilay Gupta</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Skin cancer is a fatal manifestation of cancer. Unrepaired deoxyribo-nucleic acid (DNA) in skin cells, causes genetic defects in the skin and leads to skin cancer. To deal with lethal mortality rates coupled with skyrocketing costs of medical treatment, early diagnosis is mandatory. To tackle these challenges, researchers have developed a variety of rapid detection tools for skin cancer. Lesion-specific criteria are utilized to distinguish benign skin cancer from malignant melanoma. In this study, a comparative analysis has been performed on five Transfer Learning-based techniques that have the potential to be leveraged for the classification of melanocytic nevi. These techniques are based on deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) that have been pre-trained on thousands of open-source images and are used for day-to-day classification tasks in many instances.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Statistical Optimality of Divide and Conquer Kernel-based Functional Linear Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10968">arxiv:2211.10968</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiading Liu, Lei Shi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Previous analysis of regularized functional linear regression in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS) typically requires the target function to be contained in this kernel space. This paper studies the convergence performance of divide-and-conquer estimators in the scenario that the target function does not necessarily reside in the underlying RKHS. As a decomposition-based scalable approach, the divide-and-conquer estimators of functional linear regression can substantially reduce the algorithmic complexities in time and memory. We develop an integral operator approach to establish sharp finite sample upper bounds for prediction with divide-and-conquer estimators under various regularity conditions of explanatory variables and target function. We also prove the asymptotic optimality of the derived rates by building the mini-max lower bounds. Finally, we consider the convergence of noiseless estimators and show that the rates can be arbitrarily fast under mild conditions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decoding Attention from Gaze: A Benchmark Dataset and End-to-End Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10966">arxiv:2211.10966</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Karan Uppal, Jaeah Kim, Shashank Singh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Eye-tracking has potential to provide rich behavioral data about human cognition in ecologically valid environments. However, analyzing this rich data is often challenging. Most automated analyses are specific to simplistic artificial visual stimuli with well-separated, static regions of interest, while most analyses in the context of complex visual stimuli, such as most natural scenes, rely on laborious and time-consuming manual annotation. This paper studies using computer vision tools for "attention decoding", the task of assessing the locus of a participant's overt visual attention over time. We provide a publicly available Multiple Object Eye-Tracking (MOET) dataset, consisting of gaze data from participants tracking specific objects, annotated with labels and bounding boxes, in crowded real-world videos, for training and evaluating attention decoding algorithms. We also propose two end-to-end deep learning models for attention decoding and compare these to state-of-the-art heuristic methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Lightweight Domain Adaptive Absolute Pose Regressor Using Barlow Twins Objective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10963">arxiv:2211.10963</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Praveen Kumar Rajendran, Quoc-Vinh Lai-Dang, Luiz Felipe Vecchietti, Dongsoo Har</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Identifying the camera pose for a given image is a challenging problem with applications in robotics, autonomous vehicles, and augmented/virtual reality. Lately, learning-based methods have shown to be effective for absolute camera pose estimation. However, these methods are not accurate when generalizing to different domains. In this paper, a domain adaptive training framework for absolute pose regression is introduced. In the proposed framework, the scene image is augmented for different domains by using generative methods to train parallel branches using Barlow Twins objective. The parallel branches leverage a lightweight CNN-based absolute pose regressor architecture. Further, the efficacy of incorporating spatial and channel-wise attention in the regression head for rotation prediction is investigated. Our method is evaluated with two datasets, Cambridge landmarks and 7Scenes. The results demonstrate that, even with using roughly 24 times fewer FLOPs, 12 times fewer activations, and 5 times fewer parameters than MS-Transformer, our approach outperforms all the CNN-based architectures and achieves performance comparable to transformer-based architectures. Our method ranks 2nd and 4th with the Cambridge Landmarks and 7Scenes datasets, respectively. In addition, for augmented domains not encountered during training, our approach significantly outperforms the MS-transformer. Furthermore, it is shown that our domain adaptive framework achieves better performance than the single branch model trained with the identical CNN backbone with all instances of the unseen distribution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Representations of Object Geometry for Reinforcement Learning of Interactive Grasping Policies</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10957">arxiv:2211.10957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Malte Mosbach, Sven Behnke</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Grasping objects of different shapes and sizes - a foundational, effortless skill for humans - remains a challenging task in robotics. Although model-based approaches can predict stable grasp configurations for known object models, they struggle to generalize to novel objects and often operate in a non-interactive open-loop manner. In this work, we present a reinforcement learning framework that learns the interactive grasping of various geometrically distinct real-world objects by continuously controlling an anthropomorphic robotic hand. We explore several explicit representations of object geometry as input to the policy. Moreover, we propose to inform the policy implicitly through signed distances and show that this is naturally suited to guide the search through a shaped reward component. Finally, we demonstrate that the proposed framework is able to learn even in more challenging conditions, such as targeted grasping from a cluttered bin. Necessary pre-grasping behaviors such as object reorientation and utilization of environmental constraints emerge in this case. Videos of learned interactive policies are available at https://maltemosbach.github. io/geometry_aware_grasping_policies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Feature Weaken: Vicinal Data Augmentation for Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10944">arxiv:2211.10944</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Songhao Jiang, Yan Chu, Tianxing Ma, Tianning Zang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning usually relies on training large-scale data samples to achieve better performance. However, over-fitting based on training data always remains a problem. Scholars have proposed various strategies, such as feature dropping and feature mixing, to improve the generalization continuously. For the same purpose, we subversively propose a novel training method, Feature Weaken, which can be regarded as a data augmentation method. Feature Weaken constructs the vicinal data distribution with the same cosine similarity for model training by weakening features of the original samples. In especially, Feature Weaken changes the spatial distribution of samples, adjusts sample boundaries, and reduces the gradient optimization value of back-propagation. This work can not only improve the classification performance and generalization of the model, but also stabilize the model training and accelerate the model convergence. We conduct extensive experiments on classical deep convolution neural models with five common image classification datasets and the Bert model with four common text classification datasets. Compared with the classical models or the generalization improvement methods, such as Dropout, Mixup, Cutout, and CutMix, Feature Weaken shows good compatibility and performance. We also use adversarial samples to perform the robustness experiments, and the results show that Feature Weaken is effective in improving the robustness of the model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>AI-KD: Adversarial learning and Implicit regularization for self-Knowledge Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10938">arxiv:2211.10938</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hyungmin Kim, Sungho Suh, Sunghyun Baek, Daehwan Kim, Daun Jeong, Hansang Cho, Junmo Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a novel adversarial penalized self-knowledge distillation method, named adversarial learning and implicit regularization for self-knowledge distillation (AI-KD), which regularizes the training procedure by adversarial learning and implicit distillations. Our model not only distills the deterministic and progressive knowledge which are from the pre-trained and previous epoch predictive probabilities but also transfers the knowledge of the deterministic predictive distributions using adversarial learning. The motivation is that the self-knowledge distillation methods regularize the predictive probabilities with soft targets, but the exact distributions may be hard to predict. Our method deploys a discriminator to distinguish the distributions between the pre-trained and student models while the student model is trained to fool the discriminator in the trained procedure. Thus, the student model not only can learn the pre-trained model's predictive probabilities but also align the distributions between the pre-trained and student models. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method with network architectures on multiple datasets and show the proposed method achieves better performance than state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Generalizable Graph Contrastive Learning: An Information Theory Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10929">arxiv:2211.10929</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yige Yuan, Bingbing Xu, Huawei Shen, Qi Cao, Keting Cen, Wen Zheng, Xueqi Cheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Graph contrastive learning (GCL) emerges as the most representative approach for graph representation learning, which leverages the principle of maximizing mutual information (InfoMax) to learn node representations applied in downstream tasks. To explore better generalization from GCL to downstream tasks, previous methods heuristically define data augmentation or pretext tasks. However, the generalization ability of GCL and its theoretical principle are still less reported. In this paper, we first propose a metric named GCL-GE for GCL generalization ability. Considering the intractability of the metric due to the agnostic downstream task, we theoretically prove a mutual information upper bound for it from an information-theoretic perspective. Guided by the bound, we design a GCL framework named InfoAdv with enhanced generalization ability, which jointly optimizes the generalization metric and InfoMax to strike the right balance between pretext task fitting and the generalization ability on downstream tasks. We empirically validate our theoretical findings on a number of representative benchmarks, and experimental results demonstrate that our model achieves state-of-the-art performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ESTAS: Effective and Stable Trojan Attacks in Self-supervised Encoders with One Target Unlabelled Sample</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10908">arxiv:2211.10908</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiaqi Xue, Qian Lou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Emerging self-supervised learning (SSL) has become a popular image representation encoding method to obviate the reliance on labeled data and learn rich representations from large-scale, ubiquitous unlabelled data. Then one can train a downstream classifier on top of the pre-trained SSL image encoder with few or no labeled downstream data. Although extensive works show that SSL has achieved remarkable and competitive performance on different downstream tasks, its security concerns, e.g, Trojan attacks in SSL encoders, are still not well-studied. In this work, we present a novel Trojan Attack method, denoted by ESTAS, that can enable an effective and stable attack in SSL encoders with only one target unlabeled sample. In particular, we propose consistent trigger poisoning and cascade optimization in ESTAS to improve attack efficacy and model accuracy, and eliminate the expensive target-class data sample extraction from large-scale disordered unlabelled data. Our substantial experiments on multiple datasets show that ESTAS stably achieves > 99% attacks success rate (ASR) with one target-class sample. Compared to prior works, ESTAS attains > 30% ASR increase and > 8.3% accuracy improvement on average.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Multi-head Ensemble of Smoothed Classifiers for Certified Robustness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10882">arxiv:2211.10882</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kun Fang, Qinghua Tao, Yingwen Wu, Tao Li, Xiaolin Huang, Jie Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Randomized Smoothing (RS) is a promising technique for certified robustness, and recently in RS the ensemble of multiple deep neural networks (DNNs) has shown state-of-the-art performances. However, such an ensemble brings heavy computation burdens in both training and certification, and yet under-exploits individual DNNs and their mutual effects, as the communication between these classifiers is commonly ignored in optimization. In this work, starting from a single DNN, we augment the network with multiple heads, each of which pertains a classifier for the ensemble. A novel training strategy, namely Self-PAced Circular-TEaching (SPACTE), is proposed accordingly. SPACTE enables a circular communication flow among those augmented heads, i.e., each head teaches its neighbor with the self-paced learning using smoothed losses, which are specifically designed in relation to certified robustness. The deployed multi-head structure and the circular-teaching scheme of SPACTE jointly contribute to diversify and enhance the classifiers in augmented heads for ensemble, leading to even stronger certified robustness than ensembling multiple DNNs (effectiveness) at the cost of much less computational expenses (efficiency), verified by extensive experiments and discussions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DYNAFED: Tackling Client Data Heterogeneity with Global Dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10878">arxiv:2211.10878</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Renjie Pi, Weizhong Zhang, Yueqi Xie, Jiahui Gao, Xiaoyu Wang, Sunghun Kim, Qifeng Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Federated Learning (FL) paradigm is known to face challenges under heterogeneous client data. Local training on non-iid distributed data results in deflected local optimum, which causes the client models drift further away from each other and degrades the aggregated global model's performance. A natural solution is to gather all client data onto the server, such that the server has a global view of the entire data distribution. Unfortunately, this reduces to regular training, which compromises clients' privacy and conflicts with the purpose of FL. In this paper, we put forth an idea to collect and leverage global knowledge on the server without hindering data privacy. We unearth such knowledge from the dynamics of the global model's trajectory. Specifically, we first reserve a short trajectory of global model snapshots on the server. Then, we synthesize a small pseudo dataset such that the model trained on it mimics the dynamics of the reserved global model trajectory. Afterward, the synthesized data is used to help aggregate the deflected clients into the global model. We name our method Dynafed, which enjoys the following advantages: 1) we do not rely on any external on-server dataset, which requires no additional cost for data collection; 2) the pseudo data can be synthesized in early communication rounds, which enables Dynafed to take effect early for boosting the convergence and stabilizing training; 3) the pseudo data only needs to be synthesized once and can be directly utilized on the server to help aggregation in subsequent rounds. Experiments across extensive benchmarks are conducted to showcase the effectiveness of Dynafed. We also provide insights and understanding of the underlying mechanism of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Artificial Interrogation for Attributing Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10877">arxiv:2211.10877</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Farhan Dhanani, Muhammad Rafi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents solutions to the Machine Learning Model Attribution challenge (MLMAC) collectively organized by MITRE, Microsoft, Schmidt-Futures, Robust-Intelligence, Lincoln-Network, and Huggingface community. The challenge provides twelve open-sourced base versions of popular language models developed by well-known organizations and twelve fine-tuned language models for text generation. The names and architecture details of fine-tuned models were kept hidden, and participants can access these models only through the rest APIs developed by the organizers. Given these constraints, the goal of the contest is to identify which fine-tuned models originated from which base model. To solve this challenge, we have assumed that fine-tuned models and their corresponding base versions must share a similar vocabulary set with a matching syntactical writing style that resonates in their generated outputs. Our strategy is to develop a set of queries to interrogate base and fine-tuned models. And then perform one-to-many pairing between them based on similarities in their generated responses, where more than one fine-tuned model can pair with a base model but not vice-versa. We have employed four distinct approaches for measuring the resemblance between the responses generated from the models of both sets. The first approach uses evaluation metrics of the machine translation, and the second uses a vector space model. The third approach uses state-of-the-art multi-class text classification, Transformer models. Lastly, the fourth approach uses a set of Transformer based binary text classifiers, one for each provided base model, to perform multi-class text classification in a one-vs-all fashion. This paper reports implementation details, comparison, and experimental studies, of these approaches along with the final obtained results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CoPEM: Cooperative Perception Error Models for Autonomous Driving</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11175">arxiv:2211.11175</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Andrea Piazzoni, Jim Cherian, Roshan Vijay, Lap-Pui Chau, Justin Dauwels</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we introduce the notion of Cooperative Perception Error Models (coPEMs) towards achieving an effective and efficient integration of V2X solutions within a virtual test environment. We focus our analysis on the occlusion problem in the (onboard) perception of Autonomous Vehicles (AV), which can manifest as misdetection errors on the occluded objects. Cooperative perception (CP) solutions based on Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X) communications aim to avoid such issues by cooperatively leveraging additional points of view for the world around the AV. This approach usually requires many sensors, mainly cameras and LiDARs, to be deployed simultaneously in the environment either as part of the road infrastructure or on other traffic vehicles. However, implementing a large number of sensor models in a virtual simulation pipeline is often prohibitively computationally expensive. Therefore, in this paper, we rely on extending Perception Error Models (PEMs) to efficiently implement such cooperative perception solutions along with the errors and uncertainties associated with them. We demonstrate the approach by comparing the safety achievable by an AV challenged with a traffic scenario where occlusion is the primary cause of a potential collision.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BBReach: Tight and Scalable Black-Box Reachability Analysis of Deep Reinforcement Learning Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11127">arxiv:2211.11127</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jiaxu Tian, Dapeng Zhi, Si Liu, Peixin Wang, Guy Katz, Min Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reachability analysis is a promising technique to automatically prove or disprove the reliability and safety of AI-empowered software systems that are developed by using Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL). Existing approaches suffer however from limited scalability and large overestimation as they must over-approximate the complex and almost inexplicable system components, namely deep neural networks (DNNs). In this paper we propose a novel, tight and scalable reachability analysis approach for DRL systems. By training on abstract states, our approach treats the embedded DNNs as black boxes to avoid the over-approximation for neural networks in computing reachable sets. To tackle the state explosion problem inherent to abstraction-based approaches, we devise a novel adjacent interval aggregation algorithm which balances the growth of abstract states and the overestimation caused by the abstraction. We implement a tool, called BBReach, and assess it on an extensive benchmark of control systems to demonstrate its tightness, scalability, and efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Structure-Encoding Auxiliary Tasks for Improved Visual Representation in Vision-and-Language Navigation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11116">arxiv:2211.11116</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chia-Wen Kuo, Chih-Yao Ma, Judy Hoffman, Zsolt Kira</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN), researchers typically take an image encoder pre-trained on ImageNet without fine-tuning on the environments that the agent will be trained or tested on. However, the distribution shift between the training images from ImageNet and the views in the navigation environments may render the ImageNet pre-trained image encoder suboptimal. Therefore, in this paper, we design a set of structure-encoding auxiliary tasks (SEA) that leverage the data in the navigation environments to pre-train and improve the image encoder. Specifically, we design and customize (1) 3D jigsaw, (2) traversability prediction, and (3) instance classification to pre-train the image encoder. Through rigorous ablations, our SEA pre-trained features are shown to better encode structural information of the scenes, which ImageNet pre-trained features fail to properly encode but is crucial for the target navigation task. The SEA pre-trained features can be easily plugged into existing VLN agents without any tuning. For example, on Test-Unseen environments, the VLN agents combined with our SEA pre-trained features achieve absolute success rate improvement of 12% for Speaker-Follower, 5% for Env-Dropout, and 4% for AuxRN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning on a Healthy Data Diet: Finding Important Examples for Fairness</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11109">arxiv:2211.11109</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Abdelrahman Zayed, Prasanna Parthasarathi, Goncalo Mordido, Hamid Palangi, Samira Shabanian, Sarath Chandar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data-driven predictive solutions predominant in commercial applications tend to suffer from biases and stereotypes, which raises equity concerns. Prediction models may discover, use, or amplify spurious correlations based on gender or other protected personal characteristics, thus discriminating against marginalized groups. Mitigating gender bias has become an important research focus in natural language processing (NLP) and is an area where annotated corpora are available. Data augmentation reduces gender bias by adding counterfactual examples to the training dataset. In this work, we show that some of the examples in the augmented dataset can be not important or even harmful for fairness. We hence propose a general method for pruning both the factual and counterfactual examples to maximize the model's fairness as measured by the demographic parity, equality of opportunity, and equality of odds. The fairness achieved by our method surpasses that of data augmentation on three text classification datasets, using no more than half of the examples in the augmented dataset. Our experiments are conducted using models of varying sizes and pre-training settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Let Offline RL Flow: Training Conservative Agents in the Latent Space of Normalizing Flows</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11096">arxiv:2211.11096</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Dmitriy Akimov, Vladislav Kurenkov, Alexander Nikulin, Denis Tarasov, Sergey Kolesnikov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Offline reinforcement learning aims to train a policy on a pre-recorded and fixed dataset without any additional environment interactions. There are two major challenges in this setting: (1) extrapolation error caused by approximating the value of state-action pairs not well-covered by the training data and (2) distributional shift between behavior and inference policies. One way to tackle these problems is to induce conservatism - i.e., keeping the learned policies closer to the behavioral ones. To achieve this, we build upon recent works on learning policies in latent action spaces and use a special form of Normalizing Flows for constructing a generative model, which we use as a conservative action encoder. This Normalizing Flows action encoder is pre-trained in a supervised manner on the offline dataset, and then an additional policy model - controller in the latent space - is trained via reinforcement learning. This approach avoids querying actions outside of the training dataset and therefore does not require additional regularization for out-of-dataset actions. We evaluate our method on various locomotion and navigation tasks, demonstrating that our approach outperforms recently proposed algorithms with generative action models on a large portion of datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conceptor-Aided Debiasing of Contextualized Embeddings</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11087">arxiv:2211.11087</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yifei Li, Lyle Ungar, João Sedoc</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pre-trained language models reflect the inherent social biases of their training corpus. Many methods have been proposed to mitigate this issue, but they often fail to debias or they sacrifice model accuracy. We use conceptors--a soft projection method--to identify and remove the bias subspace in contextual embeddings in BERT and GPT. We propose two methods of applying conceptors (1) bias subspace projection by post-processing; and (2) a new architecture, conceptor-intervened BERT (CI-BERT), which explicitly incorporates the conceptor projection into all layers during training. We find that conceptor post-processing achieves state-of-the-art debiasing results while maintaining or improving BERT's performance on the GLUE benchmark. Although CI-BERT's training takes all layers' bias into account and can outperform its post-processing counterpart in bias mitigation, CI-BERT reduces the language model accuracy. We also show the importance of carefully constructing the bias subspace. The best results are obtained by removing outliers from the list of biased words, intersecting them (using the conceptor AND operation), and computing their embeddings using the sentences from a cleaner corpus.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Nonlinear Couplings in Network of Agents from a Single Sample Trajectory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11069">arxiv:2211.11069</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Arash Amini, Qiyu Sun, Nader Motee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider a class of stochastic dynamical networks whose governing dynamics can be modeled using a coupling function. It is shown that the dynamics of such networks can generate geometrically ergodic trajectories under some reasonable assumptions. We show that a general class of coupling functions can be learned using only one sample trajectory from the network. This is practically plausible as in numerous applications it is desired to run an experiment only once but for a longer period of time, rather than repeating the same experiment multiple times from different initial conditions. Building upon ideas from the concentration inequalities for geometrically ergodic Markov chains, we formulate several results about the convergence of the empirical estimator to the true coupling function. Our theoretical findings are supported by extensive simulation results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Simultaneously Learning Robust Audio Embeddings and balanced Hash codes for Query-by-Example</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11060">arxiv:2211.11060</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Anup Singh, Kris Demuynck, Vipul Arora</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Audio fingerprinting systems must efficiently and robustly identify query snippets in an extensive database. To this end, state-of-the-art systems use deep learning to generate compact audio fingerprints. These systems deploy indexing methods, which quantize fingerprints to hash codes in an unsupervised manner to expedite the search. However, these methods generate imbalanced hash codes, leading to their suboptimal performance. Therefore, we propose a self-supervised learning framework to compute fingerprints and balanced hash codes in an end-to-end manner to achieve both fast and accurate retrieval performance. We model hash codes as a balanced clustering process, which we regard as an instance of the optimal transport problem. Experimental results indicate that the proposed approach improves retrieval efficiency while preserving high accuracy, particularly at high distortion levels, compared to the competing methods. Moreover, our system is efficient and scalable in computational load and memory storage.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convolutional Filtering on Sampled Manifolds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11058">arxiv:2211.11058</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhiyang Wang, Luana Ruiz, Alejandro Ribeiro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The increasing availability of geometric data has motivated the need for information processing over non-Euclidean domains modeled as manifolds. The building block for information processing architectures with desirable theoretical properties such as invariance and stability is convolutional filtering. Manifold convolutional filters are defined from the manifold diffusion sequence, constructed by successive applications of the Laplace-Beltrami operator to manifold signals. However, the continuous manifold model can only be accessed by sampling discrete points and building an approximate graph model from the sampled manifold. Effective linear information processing on the manifold requires quantifying the error incurred when approximating manifold convolutions with graph convolutions. In this paper, we derive a non-asymptotic error bound for this approximation, showing that convolutional filtering on the sampled manifold converges to continuous manifold filtering. Our findings are further demonstrated empirically on a problem of navigation control.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Safe Control Under Input Limits with Neural Control Barrier Functions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11056">arxiv:2211.11056</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Simin Liu, Changliu Liu, John Dolan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose new methods to synthesize control barrier function (CBF)-based safe controllers that avoid input saturation, which can cause safety violations. In particular, our method is created for high-dimensional, general nonlinear systems, for which such tools are scarce. We leverage techniques from machine learning, like neural networks and deep learning, to simplify this challenging problem in nonlinear control design. The method consists of a learner-critic architecture, in which the critic gives counterexamples of input saturation and the learner optimizes a neural CBF to eliminate those counterexamples. We provide empirical results on a 10D state, 4D input quadcopter-pendulum system. Our learned CBF avoids input saturation and maintains safety over nearly 100% of trials.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explaining (Sarcastic) Utterances to Enhance Affect Understanding in Multimodal Dialogues</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11049">arxiv:2211.11049</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shivani Kumar, Ishani Mondal, Md Shad Akhtar, Tanmoy Chakraborty</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Conversations emerge as the primary media for exchanging ideas and conceptions. From the listener's perspective, identifying various affective qualities, such as sarcasm, humour, and emotions, is paramount for comprehending the true connotation of the emitted utterance. However, one of the major hurdles faced in learning these affect dimensions is the presence of figurative language, viz. irony, metaphor, or sarcasm. We hypothesize that any detection system constituting the exhaustive and explicit presentation of the emitted utterance would improve the overall comprehension of the dialogue. To this end, we explore the task of Sarcasm Explanation in Dialogues, which aims to unfold the hidden irony behind sarcastic utterances. We propose MOSES, a deep neural network, which takes a multimodal (sarcastic) dialogue instance as an input and generates a natural language sentence as its explanation. Subsequently, we leverage the generated explanation for various natural language understanding tasks in a conversational dialogue setup, such as sarcasm detection, humour identification, and emotion recognition. Our evaluation shows that MOSES outperforms the state-of-the-art system for SED by an average of ~2% on different evaluation metrics, such as ROUGE, BLEU, and METEOR. Further, we observe that leveraging the generated explanation advances three downstream tasks for affect classification - an average improvement of ~14% F1-score in the sarcasm detection task and ~2% in the humour identification and emotion recognition task. We also perform extensive analyses to assess the quality of the results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pragmatic Constraint on Distributional Semantics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11041">arxiv:2211.11041</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Elizaveta Zhemchuzhina, Nikolai Filippov, Ivan P. Yamshchikov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper studies the limits of language models' statistical learning in the context of Zipf's law. First, we demonstrate that Zipf-law token distribution emerges irrespective of the chosen tokenization. Second, we show that Zipf distribution is characterized by two distinct groups of tokens that differ both in terms of their frequency and their semantics. Namely, the tokens that have a one-to-one correspondence with one semantic concept have different statistical properties than those with semantic ambiguity. Finally, we demonstrate how these properties interfere with statistical learning procedures motivated by distributional semantics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Complexity of Bayesian Generalization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11033">arxiv:2211.11033</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yu-Zhe Shi, Manjie Xu, John E. Hopcroft, Kun He, Joshua B. Tenenbaum, Song-Chun Zhu, Ying Nian Wu, Wenjuan Han, Yixin Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider concept generalization at a large scale in the diverse and natural visual spectrum. Established computational modes (i.e., rule-based or similarity-based) are primarily studied isolated and focus on confined and abstract problem spaces. In this work, we study these two modes when the problem space scales up, and the $complexity$ of concepts becomes diverse. Specifically, at the $representational \ level$, we seek to answer how the complexity varies when a visual concept is mapped to the representation space. Prior psychology literature has shown that two types of complexities (i.e., subjective complexity and visual complexity) (Griffiths and Tenenbaum, 2003) build an inverted-U relation (Donderi, 2006; Sun and Firestone, 2021). Leveraging Representativeness of Attribute (RoA), we computationally confirm the following observation: Models use attributes with high RoA to describe visual concepts, and the description length falls in an inverted-U relation with the increment in visual complexity. At the $computational \ level$, we aim to answer how the complexity of representation affects the shift between the rule- and similarity-based generalization. We hypothesize that category-conditioned visual modeling estimates the co-occurrence frequency between visual and categorical attributes, thus potentially serving as the prior for the natural visual world. Experimental results show that representations with relatively high subjective complexity outperform those with relatively low subjective complexity in the rule-based generalization, while the trend is the opposite in the similarity-based generalization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adversarial Cheap Talk</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11030">arxiv:2211.11030</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chris Lu, Timon Willi, Alistair Letcher, Jakob Foerster</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adversarial attacks in reinforcement learning (RL) often assume highly-privileged access to the victim's parameters, environment, or data. Instead, this paper proposes a novel adversarial setting called a Cheap Talk MDP in which an Adversary can merely append deterministic messages to the Victim's observation, resulting in a minimal range of influence. The Adversary cannot occlude ground truth, influence underlying environment dynamics or reward signals, introduce non-stationarity, add stochasticity, see the Victim's actions, or access their parameters. Additionally, we present a simple meta-learning algorithm called Adversarial Cheap Talk (ACT) to train Adversaries in this setting. We demonstrate that an Adversary trained with ACT can still significantly influence the Victim's training and testing performance, despite the highly constrained setting. Affecting train-time performance reveals a new attack vector and provides insight into the success and failure modes of existing RL algorithms. More specifically, we show that an ACT Adversary is capable of harming performance by interfering with the learner's function approximation, or instead helping the Victim's performance by outputting useful features. Finally, we show that an ACT Adversary can manipulate messages during train-time to directly and arbitrarily control the Victim at test-time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Revisiting Color-Event based Tracking: A Unified Network, Dataset, and Metric</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11010">arxiv:2211.11010</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chuanming Tang, Xiao Wang, Ju Huang, Bo Jiang, Lin Zhu, Jianlin Zhang, Yaowei Wang, Yonghong Tian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Combining the Color and Event cameras (also called Dynamic Vision Sensors, DVS) for robust object tracking is a newly emerging research topic in recent years. Existing color-event tracking framework usually contains multiple scattered modules which may lead to low efficiency and high computational complexity, including feature extraction, fusion, matching, interactive learning, etc. In this paper, we propose a single-stage backbone network for Color-Event Unified Tracking (CEUTrack), which achieves the above functions simultaneously. Given the event points and RGB frames, we first transform the points into voxels and crop the template and search regions for both modalities, respectively. Then, these regions are projected into tokens and parallelly fed into the unified Transformer backbone network. The output features will be fed into a tracking head for target object localization. Our proposed CEUTrack is simple, effective, and efficient, which achieves over 75 FPS and new SOTA performance. To better validate the effectiveness of our model and address the data deficiency of this task, we also propose a generic and large-scale benchmark dataset for color-event tracking, termed COESOT, which contains 90 categories and 1354 video sequences. Additionally, a new evaluation metric named BOC is proposed in our evaluation toolkit to evaluate the prominence with respect to the baseline methods. We hope the newly proposed method, dataset, and evaluation metric provide a better platform for color-event-based tracking. The dataset, toolkit, and source code will be released on: \url{https://github.com/Event-AHU/COESOT}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Minimizing the Accumulated Trajectory Error to Improve Dataset Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11004">arxiv:2211.11004</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jiawei Du, Yidi Jiang, Vincent T. F. Tan, Joey Tianyi Zhou, Haizhou Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Model-based deep learning has achieved astounding successes due in part to the availability of large-scale realworld data. However, processing such massive amounts of data comes at a considerable cost in terms of computations, storage, training and the search for good neural architectures. Dataset distillation has thus recently come to the fore. This paradigm involves distilling information from large real-world datasets into tiny and compact synthetic datasets such that processing the latter yields similar performances as the former. State-of-the-art methods primarily rely on learning the synthetic dataset by matching the gradients obtained during training between the real and synthetic data. However, these gradient-matching methods suffer from the accumulated trajectory error caused by the discrepancy between the distillation and subsequent evaluation. To alleviate the adverse impact of this accumulated trajectory error, we propose a novel approach that encourages the optimization algorithm to seek a flat trajectory. We show that the weights trained on synthetic data are robust against the accumulated errors perturbations with the regularization towards the flat trajectory. Our method, called Flat Trajectory Distillation (FTD), is shown to boost the performance of gradient-matching methods by up to 4.7% on a subset of images of the ImageNet dataset with higher resolution images. We also validate the effectiveness and generalizability of our method with datasets of different resolutions and demonstrate its applicability to neural architecture search.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distinctive Fire and Smoke Detection with Self-Similar</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10995">arxiv:2211.10995</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zeyu Shangguan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning based object detection is demonstrating a preponderance in the practical artificial intelligence. However, there still are some objects that are difficult to be recognized such as fire and smoke because of their non-solid shapes. However, these objects have a mathematical fractal feature of self-similar that can relieve us from struggling with their various shapes. To this end, we propose to utilize the Hausdorff distance to evaluate the self-similarity and accordingly tailored a loss function to improve the detection accuracy of fire and smoke. Moreover, we proposed a general labeling criterion for these objects based on their geometrical features. Our experiments on commonly used baseline networks for object detection have verified that our method is valid and have improved the detecting accuracy by 2.23%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DAQE: Enhancing the Quality of Compressed Images by Finding the Secret of Defocus</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10984">arxiv:2211.10984</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Qunliang Xing, Mai Xu, Xin Deng, Yichen Guo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image defocus is inherent in the physics of image formation caused by the optical aberration of lenses, providing plentiful information on image quality. Unfortunately, the existing quality enhancement approaches for compressed images neglect the inherent characteristic of defocus, resulting in inferior performance. This paper finds that in compressed images, the significantly defocused regions are with better compression quality and two regions with different defocus values possess diverse texture patterns. These findings motivate our defocus-aware quality enhancement (DAQE) approach. Specifically, we propose a novel dynamic region-based deep learning architecture of the DAQE approach, which considers the region-wise defocus difference of compressed images in two aspects. (1) The DAQE approach employs fewer computational resources to enhance the quality of significantly defocused regions, while more resources on enhancing the quality of other regions; (2) The DAQE approach learns to separately enhance diverse texture patterns for the regions with different defocus values, such that texture-wise one-on-one enhancement can be achieved. Extensive experiments validate the superiority of our DAQE approach in terms of quality enhancement and resource-saving, compared with other state-of-the-art approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Normalizing Flows for Human Pose Anomaly Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10946">arxiv:2211.10946</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Or Hirschorn, Shai Avidan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video anomaly detection is an ill-posed problem because it relies on many parameters such as appearance, pose, camera angle, background, and more. We distill the problem to anomaly detection of human pose, thus reducing the risk of nuisance parameters such as appearance affecting the result. Focusing on pose alone also has the side benefit of reducing bias against distinct minority groups. Our model works directly on human pose graph sequences and is exceptionally lightweight ($\sim1K$ parameters), capable of running on any machine able to run the pose estimation with negligible additional resources. We leverage the highly compact pose representation in a normalizing flows framework, which we extend to tackle the unique characteristics of spatio-temporal pose data and show its advantages in this use case. Our algorithm uses normalizing flows to learn a bijective mapping between the pose data distribution and a Gaussian distribution, using spatio-temporal graph convolution blocks. The algorithm is quite general and can handle training data of only normal examples, as well as a supervised dataset that consists of labeled normal and abnormal examples. We report state-of-the-art results on two anomaly detection benchmarks - the unsupervised ShanghaiTech dataset and the recent supervised UBnormal dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable Collaborative Learning via Representation Sharing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10943">arxiv:2211.10943</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Frédéric Berdoz, Abhishek Singh, Martin Jaggi, Ramesh Raskar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Privacy-preserving machine learning has become a key conundrum for multi-party artificial intelligence. Federated learning (FL) and Split Learning (SL) are two frameworks that enable collaborative learning while keeping the data private (on device). In FL, each data holder trains a model locally and releases it to a central server for aggregation. In SL, the clients must release individual cut-layer activations (smashed data) to the server and wait for its response (during both inference and back propagation). While relevant in several settings, both of these schemes have a high communication cost, rely on server-level computation algorithms and do not allow for tunable levels of collaboration. In this work, we present a novel approach for privacy-preserving machine learning, where the clients collaborate via online knowledge distillation using a contrastive loss (contrastive w.r.t. the labels). The goal is to ensure that the participants learn similar features on similar classes without sharing their input data. To do so, each client releases averaged last hidden layer activations of similar labels to a central server that only acts as a relay (i.e., is not involved in the training or aggregation of the models). Then, the clients download these last layer activations (feature representations) of the ensemble of users and distill their knowledge in their personal model using a contrastive objective. For cross-device applications (i.e., small local datasets and limited computational capacity), this approach increases the utility of the models compared to independent learning and other federated knowledge distillation (FD) schemes, is communication efficient and is scalable with the number of clients. We prove theoretically that our framework is well-posed, and we benchmark its performance against standard FD and FL on various datasets using different model architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning to Search for Job Shop Scheduling via Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10936">arxiv:2211.10936</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Cong Zhang, Wen Song, Zhiguang Cao, Jie Zhang, Puay Siew Tan, Chi Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies in using deep reinforcement learning (DRL) to solve Job-shop scheduling problems (JSSP) focus on construction heuristics. However, their performance is still far from optimality, mainly because the underlying graph representation scheme is unsuitable for modeling partial solutions at each construction step. This paper proposes a novel DRL-based method to learn improvement heuristics for JSSP, where graph representation is employed to encode complete solutions. We design a Graph Neural Network based representation scheme, consisting of two modules to effectively capture the information of dynamic topology and different types of nodes in graphs encountered during the improvement process. To speed up solution evaluation during improvement, we design a novel message-passing mechanism that can evaluate multiple solutions simultaneously. Extensive experiments on classic benchmarks show that the improvement policy learned by our method outperforms state-of-the-art DRL-based methods by a large margin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Temporal Knowledge Graph Reasoning with Historical Contrastive Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10904">arxiv:2211.10904</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yi Xu, Junjie Ou, Hui Xu, Luoyi Fu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Temporal knowledge graph, serving as an effective way to store and model dynamic relations, shows promising prospects in event forecasting. However, most temporal knowledge graph reasoning methods are highly dependent on the recurrence or periodicity of events, which brings challenges to inferring future events related to entities that lack historical interaction. In fact, the current moment is often the combined effect of a small part of historical information and those unobserved underlying factors. To this end, we propose a new event forecasting model called Contrastive Event Network (CENET), based on a novel training framework of historical contrastive learning. CENET learns both the historical and non-historical dependency to distinguish the most potential entities that can best match the given query. Simultaneously, it trains representations of queries to investigate whether the current moment depends more on historical or non-historical events by launching contrastive learning. The representations further help train a binary classifier whose output is a boolean mask to indicate related entities in the search space. During the inference process, CENET employs a mask-based strategy to generate the final results. We evaluate our proposed model on five benchmark graphs. The results demonstrate that CENET significantly outperforms all existing methods in most metrics, achieving at least $8.3\%$ relative improvement of Hits@1 over previous state-of-the-art baselines on event-based datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Noisy Symbolic Abstractions for Deep RL: A case study with Reward Machines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10902">arxiv:2211.10902</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Andrew C. Li, Zizhao Chen, Pashootan Vaezipoor, Toryn Q. Klassen, Rodrigo Toro Icarte, Sheila A. McIlraith</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Natural and formal languages provide an effective mechanism for humans to specify instructions and reward functions. We investigate how to generate policies via RL when reward functions are specified in a symbolic language captured by Reward Machines, an increasingly popular automaton-inspired structure. We are interested in the case where the mapping of environment state to a symbolic (here, Reward Machine) vocabulary -- commonly known as the labelling function -- is uncertain from the perspective of the agent. We formulate the problem of policy learning in Reward Machines with noisy symbolic abstractions as a special class of POMDP optimization problem, and investigate several methods to address the problem, building on existing and new techniques, the latter focused on predicting Reward Machine state, rather than on grounding of individual symbols. We analyze these methods and evaluate them experimentally under varying degrees of uncertainty in the correct interpretation of the symbolic vocabulary. We verify the strength of our approach and the limitation of existing methods via an empirical investigation on both illustrative, toy domains and partially observable, deep RL domains.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spectral Adversarial Training for Robust Graph Neural Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10896">arxiv:2211.10896</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jintang Li, Jiaying Peng, Liang Chen, Zibin Zheng, Tingting Liang, Qing Ling</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies demonstrate that Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are vulnerable to slight but adversarially designed perturbations, known as adversarial examples. To address this issue, robust training methods against adversarial examples have received considerable attention in the literature. \emph{Adversarial Training (AT)} is a successful approach to learning a robust model using adversarially perturbed training samples. Existing AT methods on GNNs typically construct adversarial perturbations in terms of graph structures or node features. However, they are less effective and fraught with challenges on graph data due to the discreteness of graph structure and the relationships between connected examples. In this work, we seek to address these challenges and propose Spectral Adversarial Training (SAT), a simple yet effective adversarial training approach for GNNs. SAT first adopts a low-rank approximation of the graph structure based on spectral decomposition, and then constructs adversarial perturbations in the spectral domain rather than directly manipulating the original graph structure. To investigate its effectiveness, we employ SAT on three widely used GNNs. Experimental results on four public graph datasets demonstrate that SAT significantly improves the robustness of GNNs against adversarial attacks without sacrificing classification accuracy and training efficiency.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Interpretable Scientific Discovery with Symbolic Regression: A Review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10873">arxiv:2211.10873</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Nour Makke, Sanjay Chawla</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Symbolic regression is emerging as a promising machine learning method for learning succinct underlying interpretable mathematical expressions directly from data. Whereas it has been traditionally tackled with genetic programming, it has recently gained a growing interest in deep learning as a data-driven model discovery method, achieving significant advances in various application domains ranging from fundamental to applied sciences. This survey presents a structured and comprehensive overview of symbolic regression methods and discusses their strengths and limitations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SafeLight: A Reinforcement Learning Method toward Collision-free Traffic Signal Control</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10871">arxiv:2211.10871</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Wenlu Du, Junyi Ye, Jingyi Gu, Jing Li, Hua Wei, Guiling Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traffic signal control is safety-critical for our daily life. Roughly one-quarter of road accidents in the U.S. happen at intersections due to problematic signal timing, urging the development of safety-oriented intersection control. However, existing studies on adaptive traffic signal control using reinforcement learning technologies have focused mainly on minimizing traffic delay but neglecting the potential exposure to unsafe conditions. We, for the first time, incorporate road safety standards as enforcement to ensure the safety of existing reinforcement learning methods, aiming toward operating intersections with zero collisions. We have proposed a safety-enhanced residual reinforcement learning method (SafeLight) and employed multiple optimization techniques, such as multi-objective loss function and reward shaping for better knowledge integration. Extensive experiments are conducted using both synthetic and real-world benchmark datasets. Results show that our method can significantly reduce collisions while increasing traffic mobility.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Turning Silver into Gold: Domain Adaptation with Noisy Labels for Wearable Cardio-Respiratory Fitness Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10475">arxiv:2211.10475</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yu Wu, Dimitris Spathis, Hong Jia, Ignacio Perez-Pozuelo, Tomas I. Gonzales, Soren Brage, Nicholas Wareham, Cecilia Mascolo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning models have shown great promise in various healthcare applications. However, most models are developed and validated on small-scale datasets, as collecting high-quality (gold-standard) labels for health applications is often costly and time-consuming. As a result, these models may suffer from overfitting and not generalize well to unseen data. At the same time, an extensive amount of data with imprecise labels (silver-standard) is starting to be generally available, as collected from inexpensive wearables like accelerometers and electrocardiography sensors. These currently underutilized datasets and labels can be leveraged to produce more accurate clinical models. In this work, we propose UDAMA, a novel model with two key components: Unsupervised Domain Adaptation and Multi-discriminator Adversarial training, which leverage noisy data from source domain (the silver-standard dataset) to improve gold-standard modeling. We validate our framework on the challenging task of predicting lab-measured maximal oxygen consumption (VO$_{2}$max), the benchmark metric of cardio-respiratory fitness, using free-living wearable sensor data from two cohort studies as inputs. Our experiments show that the proposed framework achieves the best performance of corr = 0.665 $\pm$ 0.04, paving the way for accurate fitness estimation at scale.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Coarse-Super-Resolution-Fine Network (CoSF-Net): A Unified End-to-End Neural Network for 4D-MRI with Simultaneous Motion Estimation and Super-Resolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11144">arxiv:2211.11144</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Shaohua Zhi, Yinghui Wang, Haonan Xiao, Ti Bai, Hong Ge, Bing Li, Chenyang Liu, Wen Li, Tian Li, Jing Cai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Four-dimensional magnetic resonance imaging (4D-MRI) is an emerging technique for tumor motion management in image-guided radiation therapy (IGRT). However, current 4D-MRI suffers from low spatial resolution and strong motion artifacts owing to the long acquisition time and patients' respiratory variations; these limitations, if not managed properly, can adversely affect treatment planning and delivery in IGRT. Herein, we developed a novel deep learning framework called the coarse-super-resolution-fine network (CoSF-Net) to achieve simultaneous motion estimation and super-resolution in a unified model. We designed CoSF-Net by fully excavating the inherent properties of 4D-MRI, with consideration of limited and imperfectly matched training datasets. We conducted extensive experiments on multiple real patient datasets to verify the feasibility and robustness of the developed network. Compared with existing networks and three state-of-the-art conventional algorithms, CoSF-Net not only accurately estimated the deformable vector fields between the respiratory phases of 4D-MRI but also simultaneously improved the spatial resolution of 4D-MRI with enhanced anatomic features, yielding 4D-MR images with high spatiotemporal resolution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>VER: Learning Natural Language Representations for Verbalizing Entities and Relations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11093">arxiv:2211.11093</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Jie Huang, Kevin Chen-Chuan Chang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Entities and relationships between entities are vital in the real world. Essentially, we understand the world by understanding entities and relations. For instance, to understand a field, e.g., computer science, we need to understand the relevant concepts, e.g., machine learning, and the relationships between concepts, e.g., machine learning and artificial intelligence. To understand a person, we should first know who he/she is and how he/she is related to others. To understand entities and relations, humans may refer to natural language descriptions. For instance, when learning a new scientific term, people usually start by reading its definition in dictionaries or encyclopedias. To know the relationship between two entities, humans tend to create a sentence to connect them. In this paper, we propose VER: A Unified Model for Verbalizing Entities and Relations. Specifically, we attempt to build a system that takes any entity or entity set as input and generates a sentence to represent entities and relations, named ``natural language representation''. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our model can generate high-quality sentences describing entities and entity relationships and facilitate various tasks on entities and relations, including definition modeling, relation modeling, and generative commonsense reasoning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Safe Reinforcement Learning using Data-Driven Predictive Control</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.11027">arxiv:2211.11027</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Mahmoud Selim, Amr Alanwar, M. Watheq El-Kharashi, Hazem M. Abbas, Karl H. Johansson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms can achieve state-of-the-art performance in decision-making and continuous control tasks. However, applying RL algorithms on safety-critical systems still needs to be well justified due to the exploration nature of many RL algorithms, especially when the model of the robot and the environment are unknown. To address this challenge, we propose a data-driven safety layer that acts as a filter for unsafe actions. The safety layer uses a data-driven predictive controller to enforce safety guarantees for RL policies during training and after deployment. The RL agent proposes an action that is verified by computing the data-driven reachability analysis. If there is an intersection between the reachable set of the robot using the proposed action, we call the data-driven predictive controller to find the closest safe action to the proposed unsafe action. The safety layer penalizes the RL agent if the proposed action is unsafe and replaces it with the closest safe one. In the simulation, we show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art safe RL methods on the robotics navigation problem for a Turtlebot 3 in Gazebo and a quadrotor in Unreal Engine 4 (UE4).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated deep transfer learning for EEG decoding using multiple BCI tasks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10976">arxiv:2211.10976</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Xiaoxi Wei, A. Aldo Faisal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning has been successful in BCI decoding. However, it is very data-hungry and requires pooling data from multiple sources. EEG data from various sources decrease the decoding performance due to negative transfer. Recently, transfer learning for EEG decoding has been suggested as a remedy and become subject to recent BCI competitions (e.g. BEETL), but there are two complications in combining data from many subjects. First, privacy is not protected as highly personal brain data needs to be shared (and copied across increasingly tight information governance boundaries). Moreover, BCI data are collected from different sources and are often based on different BCI tasks, which has been thought to limit their reusability. Here, we demonstrate a federated deep transfer learning technique, the Multi-dataset Federated Separate-Common-Separate Network (MF-SCSN) based on our previous work of SCSN, which integrates privacy-preserving properties into deep transfer learning to utilise data sets with different tasks. This framework trains a BCI decoder using different source data sets obtained from different imagery tasks (e.g. some data sets with hands and feet, vs others with single hands and tongue, etc). Therefore, by introducing privacy-preserving transfer learning techniques, we unlock the reusability and scalability of existing BCI data sets. We evaluated our federated transfer learning method on the NeurIPS 2021 BEETL competition BCI task. The proposed architecture outperformed the baseline decoder by 3%. Moreover, compared with the baseline and other transfer learning algorithms, our method protects the privacy of the brain data from different data centres.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-scale Digital Twin: Developing a fast and physics-informed surrogate model for groundwater contamination with uncertain climate models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10884">arxiv:2211.10884</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Lijing Wang, Takuya Kurihana, Aurelien Meray, Ilijana Mastilovic, Satyarth Praveen, Zexuan Xu, Milad Memarzadeh, Alexander Lavin, Haruko Wainwright</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Soil and groundwater contamination is a pervasive problem at thousands of locations across the world. Contaminated sites often require decades to remediate or to monitor natural attenuation. Climate change exacerbates the long-term site management problem because extreme precipitation and/or shifts in precipitation/evapotranspiration regimes could re-mobilize contaminants and proliferate affected groundwater. To quickly assess the spatiotemporal variations of groundwater contamination under uncertain climate disturbances, we developed a physics-informed machine learning surrogate model using U-Net enhanced Fourier Neural Operator (U-FNO) to solve Partial Differential Equations (PDEs) of groundwater flow and transport simulations at the site scale.We develop a combined loss function that includes both data-driven factors and physical boundary constraints at multiple spatiotemporal scales. Our U-FNOs can reliably predict the spatiotemporal variations of groundwater flow and contaminant transport properties from 1954 to 2100 with realistic climate projections. In parallel, we develop a convolutional autoencoder combined with online clustering to reduce the dimensionality of the vast historical and projected climate data by quantifying climatic region similarities across the United States. The ML-based unique climate clusters provide climate projections for the surrogate modeling and help return reliable future recharge rate projections immediately without querying large climate datasets. In all, this Multi-scale Digital Twin work can advance the field of environmental remediation under climate change.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.11.19]({{ '/2022/11/19/2022.11.19.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.11.21]({{ '/2022/11/21/2022.11.21.html' | relative_url }})