Prev: [2022.02.03]({{ '/2022/02/03/2022.02.03.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.02.05]({{ '/2022/02/05/2022.02.05.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-02-04, created on 2022-02-14


<details><summary><b>On Neural Differential Equations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02435">arxiv:2202.02435</a>
&#x1F4C8; 12500 <br>
<p>Patrick Kidger</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The conjoining of dynamical systems and deep learning has become a topic of great interest. In particular, neural differential equations (NDEs) demonstrate that neural networks and differential equation are two sides of the same coin. Traditional parameterised differential equations are a special case. Many popular neural network architectures, such as residual networks and recurrent networks, are discretisations.
  NDEs are suitable for tackling generative problems, dynamical systems, and time series (particularly in physics, finance, ...) and are thus of interest to both modern machine learning and traditional mathematical modelling. NDEs offer high-capacity function approximation, strong priors on model space, the ability to handle irregular data, memory efficiency, and a wealth of available theory on both sides.
  This doctoral thesis provides an in-depth survey of the field.
  Topics include: neural ordinary differential equations (e.g. for hybrid neural/mechanistic modelling of physical systems); neural controlled differential equations (e.g. for learning functions of irregular time series); and neural stochastic differential equations (e.g. to produce generative models capable of representing complex stochastic dynamics, or sampling from complex high-dimensional distributions).
  Further topics include: numerical methods for NDEs (e.g. reversible differential equations solvers, backpropagation through differential equations, Brownian reconstruction); symbolic regression for dynamical systems (e.g. via regularised evolution); and deep implicit models (e.g. deep equilibrium models, differentiable optimisation).
  We anticipate this thesis will be of interest to anyone interested in the marriage of deep learning with dynamical systems, and hope it will provide a useful reference for the current state of the art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BC-Z: Zero-Shot Task Generalization with Robotic Imitation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02005">arxiv:2202.02005</a>
&#x1F4C8; 988 <br>
<p>Eric Jang, Alex Irpan, Mohi Khansari, Daniel Kappler, Frederik Ebert, Corey Lynch, Sergey Levine, Chelsea Finn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we study the problem of enabling a vision-based robotic manipulation system to generalize to novel tasks, a long-standing challenge in robot learning. We approach the challenge from an imitation learning perspective, aiming to study how scaling and broadening the data collected can facilitate such generalization. To that end, we develop an interactive and flexible imitation learning system that can learn from both demonstrations and interventions and can be conditioned on different forms of information that convey the task, including pre-trained embeddings of natural language or videos of humans performing the task. When scaling data collection on a real robot to more than 100 distinct tasks, we find that this system can perform 24 unseen manipulation tasks with an average success rate of 44%, without any robot demonstrations for those tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Graph-Coupled Oscillator Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02296">arxiv:2202.02296</a>
&#x1F4C8; 92 <br>
<p>T. Konstantin Rusch, Benjamin P. Chamberlain, James Rowbottom, Siddhartha Mishra, Michael M. Bronstein</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose Graph-Coupled Oscillator Networks (GraphCON), a novel framework for deep learning on graphs. It is based on discretizations of a second-order system of ordinary differential equations (ODEs), which model a network of nonlinear forced and damped oscillators, coupled via the adjacency structure of the underlying graph. The flexibility of our framework permits any basic GNN layer (e.g. convolutional or attentional) as the coupling function, from which a multi-layer deep neural network is built up via the dynamics of the proposed ODEs. We relate the oversmoothing problem, commonly encountered in GNNs, to the stability of steady states of the underlying ODE and show that zero-Dirichlet energy steady states are not stable for our proposed ODEs. This demonstrates that the proposed framework mitigates the oversmoothing problem. Finally, we show that our approach offers competitive performance with respect to the state-of-the-art on a variety of graph-based learning tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COIL: Constrained Optimization in Learned Latent Space -- Learning Representations for Valid Solutions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02163">arxiv:2202.02163</a>
&#x1F4C8; 46 <br>
<p>Peter J Bentley, Soo Ling Lim, Adam Gaier, Linh Tran</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Constrained optimization problems can be difficult because their search spaces have properties not conducive to search, e.g., multimodality, discontinuities, or deception. To address such difficulties, considerable research has been performed on creating novel evolutionary algorithms or specialized genetic operators. However, if the representation that defined the search space could be altered such that it only permitted valid solutions that satisfied the constraints, the task of finding the optimal would be made more feasible without any need for specialized optimization algorithms. We propose the use of a Variational Autoencoder to learn such representations. We present Constrained Optimization in Latent Space (COIL), which uses a VAE to generate a learned latent representation from a dataset comprising samples from the valid region of the search space according to a constraint, thus enabling the optimizer to find the objective in the new space defined by the learned representation. We investigate the value of this approach on different constraint types and for different numbers of variables. We show that, compared to an identical GA using a standard representation, COIL with its learned latent representation can satisfy constraints and find solutions with distance to objective up to two orders of magnitude closer.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved Information Theoretic Generalization Bounds for Distributed and Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02423">arxiv:2202.02423</a>
&#x1F4C8; 36 <br>
<p>L. P. Barnes, Alex Dytso, H. V. Poor</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider information-theoretic bounds on expected generalization error for statistical learning problems in a networked setting. In this setting, there are $K$ nodes, each with its own independent dataset, and the models from each node have to be aggregated into a final centralized model. We consider both simple averaging of the models as well as more complicated multi-round algorithms. We give upper bounds on the expected generalization error for a variety of problems, such as those with Bregman divergence or Lipschitz continuous losses, that demonstrate an improved dependence of $1/K$ on the number of nodes. These "per node" bounds are in terms of the mutual information between the training dataset and the trained weights at each node, and are therefore useful in describing the generalization properties inherent to having communication or privacy constraints at each node.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep End-to-end Causal Inference</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02195">arxiv:2202.02195</a>
&#x1F4C8; 33 <br>
<p>Tomas Geffner, Javier Antoran, Adam Foster, Wenbo Gong, Chao Ma, Emre Kiciman, Amit Sharma, Angus Lamb, Martin Kukla, Nick Pawlowski, Miltiadis Allamanis, Cheng Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Causal inference is essential for data-driven decision making across domains such as business engagement, medical treatment or policy making. However, research on causal discovery and inference has evolved separately, and the combination of the two domains is not trivial. In this work, we develop Deep End-to-end Causal Inference (DECI), a single flow-based method that takes in observational data and can perform both causal discovery and inference, including conditional average treatment effect (CATE) estimation. We provide a theoretical guarantee that DECI can recover the ground truth causal graph under mild assumptions. In addition, our method can handle heterogeneous, real-world, mixed-type data with missing values, allowing for both continuous and discrete treatment decisions. Moreover, the design principle of our method can generalize beyond DECI, providing a general End-to-end Causal Inference (ECI) recipe, which enables different ECI frameworks to be built using existing methods. Our results show the superior performance of DECI when compared to relevant baselines for both causal discovery and (C)ATE estimation in over a thousand experiments on both synthetic datasets and other causal machine learning benchmark datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning with Neighbor Consistency for Noisy Labels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02200">arxiv:2202.02200</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Ahmet Iscen, Jack Valmadre, Anurag Arnab, Cordelia Schmid</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances in deep learning have relied on large, labelled datasets to train high-capacity models. However, collecting large datasets in a time- and cost-efficient manner often results in label noise. We present a method for learning from noisy labels that leverages similarities between training examples in feature space, encouraging the prediction of each example to be similar to its nearest neighbours. Compared to training algorithms that use multiple models or distinct stages, our approach takes the form of a simple, additional regularization term. It can be interpreted as an inductive version of the classical, transductive label propagation algorithm. We thoroughly evaluate our method on datasets evaluating both synthetic (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100) and realistic (mini-WebVision, Clothing1M, mini-ImageNet-Red) noise, and achieve competitive or state-of-the-art accuracies across all of them.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Cross-Modality Multi-Atlas Segmentation Using Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02000">arxiv:2202.02000</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Wangbin Ding, Lei Li, Xiahai Zhuang, Liqin Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-atlas segmentation (MAS) is a promising framework for medical image segmentation. Generally, MAS methods register multiple atlases, i.e., medical images with corresponding labels, to a target image; and the transformed atlas labels can be combined to generate target segmentation via label fusion schemes. Many conventional MAS methods employed the atlases from the same modality as the target image. However, the number of atlases with the same modality may be limited or even missing in many clinical applications. Besides, conventional MAS methods suffer from the computational burden of registration or label fusion procedures. In this work, we design a novel cross-modality MAS framework, which uses available atlases from a certain modality to segment a target image from another modality. To boost the computational efficiency of the framework, both the image registration and label fusion are achieved by well-designed deep neural networks. For the atlas-to-target image registration, we propose a bi-directional registration network (BiRegNet), which can efficiently align images from different modalities. For the label fusion, we design a similarity estimation network (SimNet), which estimates the fusion weight of each atlas by measuring its similarity to the target image. SimNet can learn multi-scale information for similarity estimation to improve the performance of label fusion. The proposed framework was evaluated by the left ventricle and liver segmentation tasks on the MM-WHS and CHAOS datasets, respectively. Results have shown that the framework is effective for cross-modality MAS in both registration and label fusion. The code will be released publicly on \url{https://github.com/NanYoMy/cmmas} once the manuscript is accepted.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Dual Contouring</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.01999">arxiv:2202.01999</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Zhiqin Chen, Andrea Tagliasacchi, Thomas Funkhouser, Hao Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce neural dual contouring (NDC), a new data-driven approach to mesh reconstruction based on dual contouring (DC). Like traditional DC, it produces exactly one vertex per grid cell and one quad for each grid edge intersection, a natural and efficient structure for reproducing sharp features. However, rather than computing vertex locations and edge crossings with hand-crafted functions that depend directly on difficult-to-obtain surface gradients, NDC uses a neural network to predict them. As a result, NDC can be trained to produce meshes from signed or unsigned distance fields, binary voxel grids, or point clouds (with or without normals); and it can produce open surfaces in cases where the input represents a sheet or partial surface. During experiments with five prominent datasets, we find that NDC, when trained on one of the datasets, generalizes well to the others. Furthermore, NDC provides better surface reconstruction accuracy, feature preservation, output complexity, triangle quality, and inference time in comparison to previous learned (e.g., neural marching cubes, convolutional occupancy networks) and traditional (e.g., Poisson) methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Structured Prediction Problem Archive</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03574">arxiv:2202.03574</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Paul Swoboda, Andrea Hornakova, Paul Roetzer, Ahmed Abbas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Structured prediction problems are one of the fundamental tools in machine learning. In order to facilitate algorithm development for their numerical solution, we collect in one place a large number of datasets in easy to read formats for a diverse set of problem classes. We provide archival links to datasets, description of the considered problems and problem formats, and a short summary of problem characteristics including size, number of instances etc. For reference we also give a non-exhaustive selection of algorithms proposed in the literature for their solution. We hope that this central repository will make benchmarking and comparison to established works easier. We welcome submission of interesting new datasets and algorithms for inclusion in our archive.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fixed-Point Code Synthesis For Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02095">arxiv:2202.02095</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Hanane Benmaghnia, Matthieu Martel, Yassamine Seladji</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Over the last few years, neural networks have started penetrating safety critical systems to take decisions in robots, rockets, autonomous driving car, etc. A problem is that these critical systems often have limited computing resources. Often, they use the fixed-point arithmetic for its many advantages (rapidity, compatibility with small memory devices.) In this article, a new technique is introduced to tune the formats (precision) of already trained neural networks using fixed-point arithmetic, which can be implemented using integer operations only. The new optimized neural network computes the output with fixed-point numbers without modifying the accuracy up to a threshold fixed by the user. A fixed-point code is synthesized for the new optimized neural network ensuring the respect of the threshold for any input vector belonging the range [xmin, xmax] determined during the analysis. From a technical point of view, we do a preliminary analysis of our floating neural network to determine the worst cases, then we generate a system of linear constraints among integer variables that we can solve by linear programming. The solution of this system is the new fixed-point format of each neuron. The experimental results obtained show the efficiency of our method which can ensure that the new fixed-point neural network has the same behavior as the initial floating-point neural network.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SMODICE: Versatile Offline Imitation Learning via State Occupancy Matching</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02433">arxiv:2202.02433</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yecheng Jason Ma, Andrew Shen, Dinesh Jayaraman, Osbert Bastani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose State Matching Offline DIstribution Correction Estimation (SMODICE), a novel and versatile algorithm for offline imitation learning (IL) via state-occupancy matching. We show that the SMODICE objective admits a simple optimization procedure through an application of Fenchel duality and an analytic solution in tabular MDPs. Without requiring access to expert actions, SMODICE can be effectively applied to three offline IL settings: (i) imitation from observations (IfO), (ii) IfO with dynamics or morphologically mismatched expert, and (iii) example-based reinforcement learning, which we show can be formulated as a state-occupancy matching problem. We extensively evaluate SMODICE on both gridworld environments as well as on high-dimensional offline benchmarks. Our results demonstrate that SMODICE is effective for all three problem settings and significantly outperforms prior state-of-art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pre-Trained Neural Language Models for Automatic Mobile App User Feedback Answer Generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02294">arxiv:2202.02294</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Yue Cao, Fatemeh H. Fard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Studies show that developers' answers to the mobile app users' feedbacks on app stores can increase the apps' star rating. To help app developers generate answers that are related to the users' issues, recent studies develop models to generate the answers automatically. Aims: The app response generation models use deep neural networks and require training data. Pre-Trained neural language Models (PTM) used in Natural Language Processing (NLP) take advantage of the information they learned from a large corpora in an unsupervised manner, and can reduce the amount of required training data. In this paper, we evaluate PTMs to generate replies to the mobile app user feedbacks. Method: We train a Transformer model from scratch and fine-tune two PTMs to evaluate the generated responses, which are compared to RRGEN, a current app response model. We also evaluate the models with different portions of the training data. Results: The results on a large dataset evaluated by automatic metrics show that PTMs obtain lower scores than the baselines. However, our human evaluation confirms that PTMs can generate more relevant and meaningful responses to the posted feedbacks. Moreover, the performance of PTMs has less drop compared to other models when the amount of training data is reduced to 1/3. Conclusion: PTMs are useful in generating responses to app reviews and are more robust models to the amount of training data provided. However, the prediction time is 19X than RRGEN. This study can provide new avenues for research in adapting the PTMs for analyzing mobile app user feedbacks. Index Terms-mobile app user feedback analysis, neural pre-trained language models, automatic answer generation

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>StonkBERT: Can Language Models Predict Medium-Run Stock Price Movements?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02268">arxiv:2202.02268</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Stefan Pasch, Daniel Ehnes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To answer this question, we fine-tune transformer-based language models, including BERT, on different sources of company-related text data for a classification task to predict the one-year stock price performance. We use three different types of text data: News articles, blogs, and annual reports. This allows us to analyze to what extent the performance of language models is dependent on the type of the underlying document. StonkBERT, our transformer-based stock performance classifier, shows substantial improvement in predictive accuracy compared to traditional language models. The highest performance was achieved with news articles as text source. Performance simulations indicate that these improvements in classification accuracy also translate into above-average stock market returns.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Backdoor Defense via Decoupling the Training Process</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03423">arxiv:2202.03423</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Kunzhe Huang, Yiming Li, Baoyuan Wu, Zhan Qin, Kui Ren</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies have revealed that deep neural networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to backdoor attacks, where attackers embed hidden backdoors in the DNN model by poisoning a few training samples. The attacked model behaves normally on benign samples, whereas its prediction will be maliciously changed when the backdoor is activated. We reveal that poisoned samples tend to cluster together in the feature space of the attacked DNN model, which is mostly due to the end-to-end supervised training paradigm. Inspired by this observation, we propose a novel backdoor defense via decoupling the original end-to-end training process into three stages. Specifically, we first learn the backbone of a DNN model via \emph{self-supervised learning} based on training samples without their labels. The learned backbone will map samples with the same ground-truth label to similar locations in the feature space. Then, we freeze the parameters of the learned backbone and train the remaining fully connected layers via standard training with all (labeled) training samples. Lastly, to further alleviate side-effects of poisoned samples in the second stage, we remove labels of some `low-credible' samples determined based on the learned model and conduct a \emph{semi-supervised fine-tuning} of the whole model. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmark datasets and DNN models verify that the proposed defense is effective in reducing backdoor threats while preserving high accuracy in predicting benign samples. Our code is available at \url{https://github.com/SCLBD/DBD}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Interactive Mobile App Navigation with Uncertain or Under-specified Natural Language Commands</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02312">arxiv:2202.02312</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Andrea Burns, Deniz Arsan, Sanjna Agrawal, Ranjitha Kumar, Kate Saenko, Bryan A. Plummer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce Mobile app Tasks with Iterative Feedback (MoTIF), a new dataset where the goal is to complete a natural language query in a mobile app. Current datasets for related tasks in interactive question answering, visual common sense reasoning, and question-answer plausibility prediction do not support research in resolving ambiguous natural language requests or operating in diverse digital domains. As a result, they fail to capture complexities of real question answering or interactive tasks. In contrast, MoTIF contains natural language requests that are not satisfiable, the first such work to investigate this issue for interactive vision-language tasks. MoTIF also contains follow up questions for ambiguous queries to enable research on task uncertainty resolution. We introduce task feasibility prediction and propose an initial model which obtains an F1 score of 61.1. We next benchmark task automation with our dataset and find adaptations of prior work perform poorly due to our realistic language requests, obtaining an accuracy of only 20.2% when mapping commands to grounded actions. We analyze performance and gain insight for future work that may bridge the gap between current model ability and what is needed for successful use in application.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ASHA: Assistive Teleoperation via Human-in-the-Loop Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02465">arxiv:2202.02465</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Sean Chen, Jensen Gao, Siddharth Reddy, Glen Berseth, Anca D. Dragan, Sergey Levine</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Building assistive interfaces for controlling robots through arbitrary, high-dimensional, noisy inputs (e.g., webcam images of eye gaze) can be challenging, especially when it involves inferring the user's desired action in the absence of a natural 'default' interface. Reinforcement learning from online user feedback on the system's performance presents a natural solution to this problem, and enables the interface to adapt to individual users. However, this approach tends to require a large amount of human-in-the-loop training data, especially when feedback is sparse. We propose a hierarchical solution that learns efficiently from sparse user feedback: we use offline pre-training to acquire a latent embedding space of useful, high-level robot behaviors, which, in turn, enables the system to focus on using online user feedback to learn a mapping from user inputs to desired high-level behaviors. The key insight is that access to a pre-trained policy enables the system to learn more from sparse rewards than a naïve RL algorithm: using the pre-trained policy, the system can make use of successful task executions to relabel, in hindsight, what the user actually meant to do during unsuccessful executions. We evaluate our method primarily through a user study with 12 participants who perform tasks in three simulated robotic manipulation domains using a webcam and their eye gaze: flipping light switches, opening a shelf door to reach objects inside, and rotating a valve. The results show that our method successfully learns to map 128-dimensional gaze features to 7-dimensional joint torques from sparse rewards in under 10 minutes of online training, and seamlessly helps users who employ different gaze strategies, while adapting to distributional shift in webcam inputs, tasks, and environments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SEED: Sound Event Early Detection via Evidential Uncertainty</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02441">arxiv:2202.02441</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Xujiang Zhao, Xuchao Zhang, Wei Cheng, Wenchao Yu, Yuncong Chen, Haifeng Chen, Feng Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sound Event Early Detection (SEED) is an essential task in recognizing the acoustic environments and soundscapes. However, most of the existing methods focus on the offline sound event detection, which suffers from the over-confidence issue of early-stage event detection and usually yield unreliable results. To solve the problem, we propose a novel Polyphonic Evidential Neural Network (PENet) to model the evidential uncertainty of the class probability with Beta distribution. Specifically, we use a Beta distribution to model the distribution of class probabilities, and the evidential uncertainty enriches uncertainty representation with evidence information, which plays a central role in reliable prediction. To further improve the event detection performance, we design the backtrack inference method that utilizes both the forward and backward audio features of an ongoing event. Experiments on the DESED database show that the proposed method can simultaneously improve 13.0\% and 3.8\% in time delay and detection F1 score compared to the state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BAM: Bayes with Adaptive Memory</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02405">arxiv:2202.02405</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Josue Nassar, Jennifer Brennan, Ben Evans, Kendall Lowrey</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Online learning via Bayes' theorem allows new data to be continuously integrated into an agent's current beliefs. However, a naive application of Bayesian methods in non stationary environments leads to slow adaptation and results in state estimates that may converge confidently to the wrong parameter value. A common solution when learning in changing environments is to discard/downweight past data; however, this simple mechanism of "forgetting" fails to account for the fact that many real-world environments involve revisiting similar states. We propose a new framework, Bayes with Adaptive Memory (BAM), that takes advantage of past experience by allowing the agent to choose which past observations to remember and which to forget. We demonstrate that BAM generalizes many popular Bayesian update rules for non-stationary environments. Through a variety of experiments, we demonstrate the ability of BAM to continuously adapt in an ever-changing world.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Personalized visual encoding model construction with small data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02245">arxiv:2202.02245</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Zijin Gu, Keith Jamison, Mert Sabuncu, Amy Kuceyeski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Encoding models that predict brain response patterns to stimuli are one way to capture this relationship between variability in bottom-up neural systems and individual's behavior or pathological state. However, they generally need a large amount of training data to achieve optimal accuracy. Here, we propose and test an alternative personalized ensemble encoding model approach to utilize existing encoding models, to create encoding models for novel individuals with relatively little stimuli-response data. We show that these personalized ensemble encoding models trained with small amounts of data for a specific individual, i.e. ~400 image-response pairs, achieve accuracy not different from models trained on ~24,000 image-response pairs for the same individual. Importantly, the personalized ensemble encoding models preserve patterns of inter-individual variability in the image-response relationship. Additionally, we use our personalized ensemble encoding model within the recently developed NeuroGen framework to generate optimal stimuli designed to maximize specific regions' activations for a specific individual. We show that the inter-individual differences in face area responses to images of dog vs human faces observed previously is replicated using NeuroGen with the ensemble encoding model. Finally, and most importantly, we show the proposed approach is robust against domain shift by validating on a prospectively collected set of image-response data in novel individuals with a different scanner and experimental setup. Our approach shows the potential to use previously collected, deeply sampled data to efficiently create accurate, personalized encoding models and, subsequently, personalized optimal synthetic images for new individuals scanned under different experimental conditions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Importance Weighting Approach in Kernel Bayes' Rule</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02474">arxiv:2202.02474</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Liyuan Xu, Yutian Chen, Arnaud Doucet, Arthur Gretton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study a nonparametric approach to Bayesian computation via feature means, where the expectation of prior features is updated to yield expected posterior features, based on regression from kernel or neural net features of the observations. All quantities involved in the Bayesian update are learned from observed data, making the method entirely model-free. The resulting algorithm is a novel instance of a kernel Bayes' rule (KBR). Our approach is based on importance weighting, which results in superior numerical stability to the existing approach to KBR, which requires operator inversion. We show the convergence of the estimator using a novel consistency analysis on the importance weighting estimator in the infinity norm. We evaluate our KBR on challenging synthetic benchmarks, including a filtering problem with a state-space model involving high dimensional image observations. The proposed method yields uniformly better empirical performance than the existing KBR, and competitive performance with other competing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Zero Experience Required: Plug & Play Modular Transfer Learning for Semantic Visual Navigation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02440">arxiv:2202.02440</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ziad Al-Halah, Santhosh K. Ramakrishnan, Kristen Grauman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In reinforcement learning for visual navigation, it is common to develop a model for each new task, and train that model from scratch with task-specific interactions in 3D environments. However, this process is expensive; massive amounts of interactions are needed for the model to generalize well. Moreover, this process is repeated whenever there is a change in the task type or the goal modality. We present a unified approach to visual navigation using a novel modular transfer learning model. Our model can effectively leverage its experience from one source task and apply it to multiple target tasks (e.g., ObjectNav, RoomNav, ViewNav) with various goal modalities (e.g., image, sketch, audio, label). Furthermore, our model enables zero-shot experience learning, whereby it can solve the target tasks without receiving any task-specific interactive training. Our experiments on multiple photorealistic datasets and challenging tasks show that our approach learns faster, generalizes better, and outperforms SoTA models by a significant margin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bregman Plug-and-Play Priors</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02388">arxiv:2202.02388</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Abdullah H. Al-Shabili, Xiaojian Xu, Ivan Selesnick, Ulugbek S. Kamilov</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The past few years have seen a surge of activity around integration of deep learning networks and optimization algorithms for solving inverse problems. Recent work on plug-and-play priors (PnP), regularization by denoising (RED), and deep unfolding has shown the state-of-the-art performance of such integration in a variety of applications. However, the current paradigm for designing such algorithms is inherently Euclidean, due to the usage of the quadratic norm within the projection and proximal operators. We propose to broaden this perspective by considering a non-Euclidean setting based on the more general Bregman distance. Our new Bregman Proximal Gradient Method variant of PnP (PnP-BPGM) and Bregman Steepest Descent variant of RED (RED-BSD) replace the traditional updates in PnP and RED from the quadratic norms to more general Bregman distance. We present a theoretical convergence result for PnP-BPGM and demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithms on Poisson linear inverse problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Training Reproducible Deep Learning Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02326">arxiv:2202.02326</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Boyuan Chen, Mingzhi Wen, Yong Shi, Dayi Lin, Gopi Krishnan Rajbahadur, Zhen Ming,  Jiang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reproducibility is an increasing concern in Artificial Intelligence (AI), particularly in the area of Deep Learning (DL). Being able to reproduce DL models is crucial for AI-based systems, as it is closely tied to various tasks like training, testing, debugging, and auditing. However, DL models are challenging to be reproduced due to issues like randomness in the software (e.g., DL algorithms) and non-determinism in the hardware (e.g., GPU). There are various practices to mitigate some of the aforementioned issues. However, many of them are either too intrusive or can only work for a specific usage context. In this paper, we propose a systematic approach to training reproducible DL models. Our approach includes three main parts: (1) a set of general criteria to thoroughly evaluate the reproducibility of DL models for two different domains, (2) a unified framework which leverages a record-and-replay technique to mitigate software-related randomness and a profile-and-patch technique to control hardware-related non-determinism, and (3) a reproducibility guideline which explains the rationales and the mitigation strategies on conducting a reproducible training process for DL models. Case study results show our approach can successfully reproduce six open source and one commercial DL models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Frequency comb and machine learning-based breath analysis for COVID-19 classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02321">arxiv:2202.02321</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Qizhong Liang, Ya-Chu Chan, Jutta Toscano, Kristen K. Bjorkman, Leslie A. Leinwand, Roy Parker, David J. Nesbitt, Jun Ye</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Human breath contains hundreds of volatile molecules that can provide powerful, non-intrusive spectral diagnosis of a diverse set of diseases and physiological/metabolic states. To unleash this tremendous potential for medical science, we present a robust analytical method that simultaneously measures tens of thousands of spectral features in each breath sample, followed by efficient and detail-specific multivariate data analysis for unambiguous binary medical response classification. We combine mid-infrared cavity-enhanced direct frequency comb spectroscopy (CE-DFCS), capable of real-time collection of tens of thousands of distinct molecular features at parts-per-trillion sensitivity, with supervised machine learning, capable of analysis and verification of extremely high-dimensional input data channels. Here, we present the first application of this method to the breath detection of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19). Using 170 individual samples at the University of Colorado, we report a cross-validated area under the Receiver-Operating-Characteristics curve of 0.849(4), providing excellent prediction performance. Further, this method detected a significant difference between male and female breath as well as other variables such as smoking and abdominal pain. Together, these highlight the utility of CE-DFCS for rapid, non-invasive detection of diverse biological conditions and disease states. The unique properties of frequency comb spectroscopy thus help establish precise digital spectral fingerprints for building accurate databases and provide means for simultaneous multi-response classifications. The predictive power can be further enhanced with readily scalable comb spectral coverage.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Quality Assessment of Low Light Restored Images: A Subjective Study and an Unsupervised Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02277">arxiv:2202.02277</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Vignesh Kannan, Sameer Malik, Rajiv Soundararajan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The quality assessment (QA) of restored low light images is an important tool for benchmarking and improving low light restoration (LLR) algorithms. While several LLR algorithms exist, the subjective perception of the restored images has been much less studied. Challenges in capturing aligned low light and well-lit image pairs and collecting a large number of human opinion scores of quality for training, warrant the design of unsupervised (or opinion unaware) no-reference (NR) QA methods. This work studies the subjective perception of low light restored images and their unsupervised NR QA. Our contributions are two-fold. We first create a dataset of restored low light images using various LLR methods, conduct a subjective QA study and benchmark the performance of existing QA methods. We then present a self-supervised contrastive learning technique to extract distortion aware features from the restored low light images. We show that these features can be effectively used to build an opinion unaware image quality analyzer. Detailed experiments reveal that our unsupervised NR QA model achieves state-of-the-art performance among all such quality measures for low light restored images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Video Violence Recognition and Localization using a Semi-Supervised Hard-Attention Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02212">arxiv:2202.02212</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Hamid Mohammadi, Ehsan Nazerfard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Empowering automated violence monitoring and surveillance systems amid the growing social violence and extremist activities worldwide could keep communities safe and save lives. The questionable reliability of human monitoring personnel and the increasing number of surveillance cameras makes automated artificial intelligence-based solutions compelling. Improving the current state-of-the-art deep learning approaches to video violence recognition to higher levels of accuracy and performance could enable surveillance systems to be more reliable and scalable. The main contribution of the proposed deep reinforcement learning method is to achieve state-of-the-art accuracy on RWF, Hockey, and Movies datasets while removing some of the computationally expensive processes and input features used in the previous solutions. The implementation of hard attention using a semi-supervised learning method made the proposed method capable of rough violence localization and added increased agent interpretability to the violence detection system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Heed the Noise in Performance Evaluations in Neural Architecture Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02078">arxiv:2202.02078</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Arkadiy Dushatskiy, Tanja Alderliesten, Peter A. N. Bosman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has recently become a topic of great interest. However, there is a potentially impactful issue within NAS that remains largely unrecognized: noise. Due to stochastic factors in neural network initialization, training, and the chosen train/validation dataset split, the performance evaluation of a neural network architecture, which is often based on a single learning run, is also stochastic. This may have a particularly large impact if a dataset is small. We therefore propose to reduce the noise by having architecture evaluations comprise averaging of scores over multiple network training runs using different random seeds and cross-validation. We perform experiments for a combinatorial optimization formulation of NAS in which we vary noise reduction levels. We use the same computational budget for each noise level in terms of network training runs, i.e., we allow less architecture evaluations when averaging over more training runs. Multiple search algorithms are considered, including evolutionary algorithms which generally perform well for NAS. We use two publicly available datasets from the medical image segmentation domain where datasets are often limited and variability among samples is often high. Our results show that reducing noise in architecture evaluations enables finding better architectures by all considered search algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Image-to-Image MLP-mixer for Image Reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02018">arxiv:2202.02018</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Youssef Mansour, Kang Lin, Reinhard Heckel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural networks are highly effective tools for image reconstruction problems such as denoising and compressive sensing. To date, neural networks for image reconstruction are almost exclusively convolutional. The most popular architecture is the U-Net, a convolutional network with a multi-resolution architecture. In this work, we show that a simple network based on the multi-layer perceptron (MLP)-mixer enables state-of-the art image reconstruction performance without convolutions and without a multi-resolution architecture, provided that the training set and the size of the network are moderately large. Similar to the original MLP-mixer, the image-to-image MLP-mixer is based exclusively on MLPs operating on linearly-transformed image patches. Contrary to the original MLP-mixer, we incorporate structure by retaining the relative positions of the image patches. This imposes an inductive bias towards natural images which enables the image-to-image MLP-mixer to learn to denoise images based on fewer examples than the original MLP-mixer. Moreover, the image-to-image MLP-mixer requires fewer parameters to achieve the same denoising performance than the U-Net and its parameters scale linearly in the image resolution instead of quadratically as for the original MLP-mixer. If trained on a moderate amount of examples for denoising, the image-to-image MLP-mixer outperforms the U-Net by a slight margin. It also outperforms the vision transformer tailored for image reconstruction and classical un-trained methods such as BM3D, making it a very effective tool for image reconstruction problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Projection-based Point Convolution for Efficient Point Cloud Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.01991">arxiv:2202.01991</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Pyunghwan Ahn, Juyoung Yang, Eojindl Yi, Chanho Lee, Junmo Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Understanding point cloud has recently gained huge interests following the development of 3D scanning devices and the accumulation of large-scale 3D data. Most point cloud processing algorithms can be classified as either point-based or voxel-based methods, both of which have severe limitations in processing time or memory, or both. To overcome these limitations, we propose Projection-based Point Convolution (PPConv), a point convolutional module that uses 2D convolutions and multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs) as its components. In PPConv, point features are processed through two branches: point branch and projection branch. Point branch consists of MLPs, while projection branch transforms point features into a 2D feature map and then apply 2D convolutions. As PPConv does not use point-based or voxel-based convolutions, it has advantages in fast point cloud processing. When combined with a learnable projection and effective feature fusion strategy, PPConv achieves superior efficiency compared to state-of-the-art methods, even with a simple architecture based on PointNet++. We demonstrate the efficiency of PPConv in terms of the trade-off between inference time and segmentation performance. The experimental results on S3DIS and ShapeNetPart show that PPConv is the most efficient method among the compared ones. The code is available at github.com/pahn04/PPConv.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>TransFollower: Long-Sequence Car-Following Trajectory Prediction through Transformer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03183">arxiv:2202.03183</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Meixin Zhu, Simon S. Du, Xuesong Wang,  Hao,  Yang, Ziyuan Pu, Yinhai Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Car-following refers to a control process in which the following vehicle (FV) tries to keep a safe distance between itself and the lead vehicle (LV) by adjusting its acceleration in response to the actions of the vehicle ahead. The corresponding car-following models, which describe how one vehicle follows another vehicle in the traffic flow, form the cornerstone for microscopic traffic simulation and intelligent vehicle development. One major motivation of car-following models is to replicate human drivers' longitudinal driving trajectories. To model the long-term dependency of future actions on historical driving situations, we developed a long-sequence car-following trajectory prediction model based on the attention-based Transformer model. The model follows a general format of encoder-decoder architecture. The encoder takes historical speed and spacing data as inputs and forms a mixed representation of historical driving context using multi-head self-attention. The decoder takes the future LV speed profile as input and outputs the predicted future FV speed profile in a generative way (instead of an auto-regressive way, avoiding compounding errors). Through cross-attention between encoder and decoder, the decoder learns to build a connection between historical driving and future LV speed, based on which a prediction of future FV speed can be obtained. We train and test our model with 112,597 real-world car-following events extracted from the Shanghai Naturalistic Driving Study (SH-NDS). Results show that the model outperforms the traditional intelligent driver model (IDM), a fully connected neural network model, and a long short-term memory (LSTM) based model in terms of long-sequence trajectory prediction accuracy. We also visualized the self-attention and cross-attention heatmaps to explain how the model derives its predictions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Linear Model with Local Differential Privacy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02448">arxiv:2202.02448</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Guanhong Miao, A. Adam Ding, Samuel S. Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Scientific collaborations benefit from collaborative learning of distributed sources, but remain difficult to achieve when data are sensitive. In recent years, privacy preserving techniques have been widely studied to analyze distributed data across different agencies while protecting sensitive information. Secure multiparty computation has been widely studied for privacy protection with high privacy level but intense computation cost. There are also other security techniques sacrificing partial data utility to reduce disclosure risk. A major challenge is to balance data utility and disclosure risk while maintaining high computation efficiency. In this paper, matrix masking technique is applied to encrypt data such that the secure schemes are against malicious adversaries while achieving local differential privacy. The proposed schemes are designed for linear models and can be implemented for both vertical and horizontal partitioning scenarios. Moreover, cross validation is studied to prevent overfitting and select optimal parameters without additional communication cost. Simulation results present the efficiency of proposed schemes to analyze dataset with millions of records and high-dimensional data (n << p).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Machine Learning Method for Functional Assessment of Retinal Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02443">arxiv:2202.02443</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Nikolas Papadopoulos, Nikos Melanitis, Antonio Lozano, Cristina Soto-Sanchez, Eduardo Fernandez, Konstantina S Nikita</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Challenges in the field of retinal prostheses motivate the development of retinal models to accurately simulate Retinal Ganglion Cells (RGCs) responses. The goal of retinal prostheses is to enable blind individuals to solve complex, reallife visual tasks. In this paper, we introduce the functional assessment (FA) of retinal models, which describes the concept of evaluating the performance of retinal models on visual understanding tasks. We present a machine learning method for FA: we feed traditional machine learning classifiers with RGC responses generated by retinal models, to solve object and digit recognition tasks (CIFAR-10, MNIST, Fashion MNIST, Imagenette). We examined critical FA aspects, including how the performance of FA depends on the task, how to optimally feed RGC responses to the classifiers and how the number of output neurons correlates with the model's accuracy. To increase the number of output neurons, we manipulated input images - by splitting and then feeding them to the retinal model and we found that image splitting does not significantly improve the model's accuracy. We also show that differences in the structure of datasets result in largely divergent performance of the retinal model (MNIST and Fashion MNIST exceeded 80% accuracy, while CIFAR-10 and Imagenette achieved ~40%). Furthermore, retinal models which perform better in standard evaluation, i.e. more accurately predict RGC response, perform better in FA as well. However, unlike standard evaluation, FA results can be straightforwardly interpreted in the context of comparing the quality of visual perception.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Logic Analogy Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02436">arxiv:2202.02436</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yujia Fan, Yongfeng Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Letter-string analogy is an important analogy learning task which seems to be easy for humans but very challenging for machines. The main idea behind current approaches to solving letter-string analogies is to design heuristic rules for extracting analogy structures and constructing analogy mappings. However, one key problem is that it is difficult to build a comprehensive and exhaustive set of analogy structures which can fully describe the subtlety of analogies. This problem makes current approaches unable to handle complicated letter-string analogy problems. In this paper, we propose Neural logic analogy learning (Noan), which is a dynamic neural architecture driven by differentiable logic reasoning to solve analogy problems. Each analogy problem is converted into logical expressions consisting of logical variables and basic logical operations (AND, OR, and NOT). More specifically, Noan learns the logical variables as vector embeddings and learns each logical operation as a neural module. In this way, the model builds computational graph integrating neural network with logical reasoning to capture the internal logical structure of the input letter strings. The analogy learning problem then becomes a True/False evaluation problem of the logical expressions. Experiments show that our machine learning-based Noan approach outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on standard letter-string analogy benchmark datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transformers and the representation of biomedical background knowledge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02432">arxiv:2202.02432</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Oskar Wysocki, Zili Zhou, Paul O'Regan, Deborah Ferreira, Magdalena Wysocka, Dónal Landers, André Freitas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** BioBERT and BioMegatron are Transformers models adapted for the biomedical domain based on publicly available biomedical corpora. As such, they have the potential to encode large-scale biological knowledge. We investigate the encoding and representation of biological knowledge in these models, and its potential utility to support inference in cancer precision medicine - namely, the interpretation of the clinical significance of genomic alterations. We compare the performance of different transformer baselines; we use probing to determine the consistency of encodings for distinct entities; and we use clustering methods to compare and contrast the internal properties of the embeddings for genes, variants, drugs and diseases. We show that these models do indeed encode biological knowledge, although some of this is lost in fine-tuning for specific tasks. Finally, we analyse how the models behave with regard to biases and imbalances in the dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The influence of labeling techniques in classifying human manipulation movement of different speed</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02426">arxiv:2202.02426</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Sadique Adnan Siddiqui, Lisa Gutzeit, Frank Kirchner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we investigate the influence of labeling methods on the classification of human movements on data recorded using a marker-based motion capture system. The dataset is labeled using two different approaches, one based on video data of the movements, the other based on the movement trajectories recorded using the motion capture system. The dataset is labeled using two different approaches, one based on video data of the movements, the other based on the movement trajectories recorded using the motion capture system. The data was recorded from one participant performing a stacking scenario comprising simple arm movements at three different speeds (slow, normal, fast). Machine learning algorithms that include k-Nearest Neighbor, Random Forest, Extreme Gradient Boosting classifier, Convolutional Neural networks (CNN), Long Short-Term Memory networks (LSTM), and a combination of CNN-LSTM networks are compared on their performance in recognition of these arm movements. The models were trained on actions performed on slow and normal speed movements segments and generalized on actions consisting of fast-paced human movement. It was observed that all the models trained on normal-paced data labeled using trajectories have almost 20% improvement in accuracy on test data in comparison to the models trained on data labeled using videos of the performed experiments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>OMLT: Optimization & Machine Learning Toolkit</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02414">arxiv:2202.02414</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Francesco Ceccon, Jordan Jalving, Joshua Haddad, Alexander Thebelt, Calvin Tsay, Carl D. Laird, Ruth Misener</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The optimization and machine learning toolkit (OMLT) is an open-source software package incorporating neural network and gradient-boosted tree surrogate models, which have been trained using machine learning, into larger optimization problems. We discuss the advances in optimization technology that made OMLT possible and show how OMLT seamlessly integrates with the algebraic modeling language Pyomo. We demonstrate how to use OMLT for solving decision-making problems in both computer science and engineering.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Temporal-Difference Approach to Policy Gradient Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02396">arxiv:2202.02396</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Samuele Tosatto, Andrew Patterson, Martha White, A. Rupam Mahmood</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The policy gradient theorem (Sutton et al., 2000) prescribes the usage of a cumulative discounted state distribution under the target policy to approximate the gradient. Most algorithms based on this theorem, in practice, break this assumption, introducing a distribution shift that can cause the convergence to poor solutions. In this paper, we propose a new approach of reconstructing the policy gradient from the start state without requiring a particular sampling strategy. The policy gradient calculation in this form can be simplified in terms of a gradient critic, which can be recursively estimated due to a new Bellman equation of gradients. By using temporal-difference updates of the gradient critic from an off-policy data stream, we develop the first estimator that sidesteps the distribution shift issue in a model-free way. We prove that, under certain realizability conditions, our estimator is unbiased regardless of the sampling strategy. We empirically show that our technique achieves a superior bias-variance trade-off and performance in presence of off-policy samples.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>JARVix at SemEval-2022 Task 2: It Takes One to Know One? Idiomaticity Detection using Zero and One Shot Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02394">arxiv:2202.02394</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ashwin Pathak, Raj Shah, Vaibhav Kumar, Yash Jakhotiya</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large Language Models have been successful in a wide variety of Natural Language Processing tasks by capturing the compositionality of the text representations. In spite of their great success, these vector representations fail to capture meaning of idiomatic multi-word expressions (MWEs). In this paper, we focus on the detection of idiomatic expressions by using binary classification. We use a dataset consisting of the literal and idiomatic usage of MWEs in English and Portuguese. Thereafter, we perform the classification in two different settings: zero shot and one shot, to determine if a given sentence contains an idiom or not. N shot classification for this task is defined by N number of common idioms between the training and testing sets. In this paper, we train multiple Large Language Models in both the settings and achieve an F1 score (macro) of 0.73 for the zero shot setting and an F1 score (macro) of 0.85 for the one shot setting. An implementation of our work can be found at https://github.com/ashwinpathak20/Idiomaticity_Detection_Using_Few_Shot_Learning .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Selective Network Linearization for Efficient Private Inference</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02340">arxiv:2202.02340</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Minsu Cho, Ameya Joshi, Siddharth Garg, Brandon Reagen, Chinmay Hegde</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Private inference (PI) enables inference directly on cryptographically secure data. While promising to address many privacy issues, it has seen limited use due to extreme runtimes. Unlike plaintext inference, where latency is dominated by FLOPs, in PI non-linear functions (namely ReLU) are the bottleneck. Thus, practical PI demands novel ReLU-aware optimizations. To reduce PI latency we propose a gradient-based algorithm that selectively linearizes ReLUs while maintaining prediction accuracy. We evaluate our algorithm on several standard PI benchmarks. The results demonstrate up to $4.25\%$ more accuracy (iso-ReLU count at 50K) or $2.2\times$ less latency (iso-accuracy at 70\%) than the current state of the art and advance the Pareto frontier across the latency-accuracy space. To complement empirical results, we present a "no free lunch" theorem that sheds light on how and when network linearization is possible while maintaining prediction accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rediscovering orbital mechanics with machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02306">arxiv:2202.02306</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Pablo Lemos, Niall Jeffrey, Miles Cranmer, Shirley Ho, Peter Battaglia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present an approach for using machine learning to automatically discover the governing equations and hidden properties of real physical systems from observations. We train a "graph neural network" to simulate the dynamics of our solar system's Sun, planets, and large moons from 30 years of trajectory data. We then use symbolic regression to discover an analytical expression for the force law implicitly learned by the neural network, which our results showed is equivalent to Newton's law of gravitation. The key assumptions that were required were translational and rotational equivariance, and Newton's second and third laws of motion. Our approach correctly discovered the form of the symbolic force law. Furthermore, our approach did not require any assumptions about the masses of planets and moons or physical constants. They, too, were accurately inferred through our methods. Though, of course, the classical law of gravitation has been known since Isaac Newton, our result serves as a validation that our method can discover unknown laws and hidden properties from observed data. More broadly this work represents a key step toward realizing the potential of machine learning for accelerating scientific discovery.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Implementation of a Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Based Prediction System for the Nigerian Stock Exchange</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02107">arxiv:2202.02107</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Isobo Nelson Davies, Donald Ene, Ibiere Boma Cookey, Godwin Fred Lenu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Stock Market can be easily seen as one of the most attractive places for investors, but it is also very complex in terms of making trading decisions. Predicting the market is a risky venture because of the uncertainties and nonlinear nature of the market. Deciding on the right time to trade is key to every successful trader as it can lead to either a huge gain of money or totally a loss in investment that will be recorded as a careless trade. The aim of this research is to develop a prediction system for stock market using Fuzzy Logic Type2 which will handle these uncertainties and complexities of human behaviour in general when it comes to buy, hold or sell decision making in stock trading. The proposed system was developed using VB.NET programming language as frontend and Microsoft SQL Server as backend. A total of four different technical indicators were selected for this research. The selected indicators are the Relative Strength Index, William Average, Moving Average Convergence and Divergence, and Stochastic Oscillator. These indicators serve as input variable to the Fuzzy System. The MACD and SO are deployed as primary indicators, while the RSI and WA are used as secondary indicators. Fibonacci retracement ratio was adopted for the secondary indicators to determine their support and resistance level in terms of making trading decisions. The input variables to the Fuzzy System is fuzzified to Low, Medium, and High using the Triangular and Gaussian Membership Function. The Mamdani Type Fuzzy Inference rules were used for combining the trading rules for each input variable to the fuzzy system. The developed system was tested using sample data collected from ten different companies listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange for a total of fifty two periods. The dataset collected are Opening, High, Low, and Closing prices of each security.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convolutional Neural Networks on Graphs with Chebyshev Approximation, Revisited</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03580">arxiv:2202.03580</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mingguo He, Zhewei Wei, Ji-Rong Wen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Designing spectral convolutional networks is a challenging problem in graph learning. ChebNet, one of the early attempts, approximates the spectral convolution using Chebyshev polynomials. GCN simplifies ChebNet by utilizing only the first two Chebyshev polynomials while still outperforming it on real-world datasets. GPR-GNN and BernNet demonstrate that the Monomial and Bernstein bases also outperform the Chebyshev basis in terms of learning the spectral convolution. Such conclusions are counter-intuitive in the field of approximation theory, where it is established that the Chebyshev polynomial achieves the optimum convergent rate for approximating a function.
  In this paper, we revisit the problem of approximating the spectral convolution with Chebyshev polynomials. We show that ChebNet's inferior performance is primarily due to illegal coefficients learnt by ChebNet approximating analytic filter functions, which leads to over-fitting. We then propose ChebNetII, a new GNN model based on Chebyshev interpolation, which enhances the original Chebyshev polynomial approximation while reducing the Runge phenomena. We conducted an extensive experimental study to demonstrate that ChebNetII can learn arbitrary graph spectrum filters and achieve superior performance in both full- and semi-supervised node classification tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stop Oversampling for Class Imbalance Learning: A Critical Review</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03579">arxiv:2202.03579</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ahmad B. Hassanat, Ahmad S. Tarawneh, Ghada A. Altarawneh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For the last two decades, oversampling has been employed to overcome the challenge of learning from imbalanced datasets. Many approaches to solving this challenge have been offered in the literature. Oversampling, on the other hand, is a concern. That is, models trained on fictitious data may fail spectacularly when put to real-world problems. The fundamental difficulty with oversampling approaches is that, given a real-life population, the synthesized samples may not truly belong to the minority class. As a result, training a classifier on these samples while pretending they represent minority may result in incorrect predictions when the model is used in the real world. We analyzed a large number of oversampling methods in this paper and devised a new oversampling evaluation system based on hiding a number of majority examples and comparing them to those generated by the oversampling process. Based on our evaluation system, we ranked all these methods based on their incorrectly generated examples for comparison. Our experiments using more than 70 oversampling methods and three imbalanced real-world datasets reveal that all oversampling methods studied generate minority samples that are most likely to be majority. Given data and methods in hand, we argue that oversampling in its current forms and methodologies is unreliable for learning from class imbalanced data and should be avoided in real-world applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distributed Learning With Sparsified Gradient Differences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02491">arxiv:2202.02491</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yicheng Chen, Rick S. Blum, Martin Takac, Brian M. Sadler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A very large number of communications are typically required to solve distributed learning tasks, and this critically limits scalability and convergence speed in wireless communications applications. In this paper, we devise a Gradient Descent method with Sparsification and Error Correction (GD-SEC) to improve the communications efficiency in a general worker-server architecture. Motivated by a variety of wireless communications learning scenarios, GD-SEC reduces the number of bits per communication from worker to server with no degradation in the order of the convergence rate. This enables larger-scale model learning without sacrificing convergence or accuracy. At each iteration of GD-SEC, instead of directly transmitting the entire gradient vector, each worker computes the difference between its current gradient and a linear combination of its previously transmitted gradients, and then transmits the sparsified gradient difference to the server. A key feature of GD-SEC is that any given component of the gradient difference vector will not be transmitted if its magnitude is not sufficiently large. An error correction technique is used at each worker to compensate for the error resulting from sparsification. We prove that GD-SEC is guaranteed to converge for strongly convex, convex, and nonconvex optimization problems with the same order of convergence rate as GD. Furthermore, if the objective function is strongly convex, GD-SEC has a fast linear convergence rate. Numerical results not only validate the convergence rate of GD-SEC but also explore the communication bit savings it provides. Given a target accuracy, GD-SEC can significantly reduce the communications load compared to the best existing algorithms without slowing down the optimization process.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Tensor-CSPNet: A Novel Geometric Deep Learning Framework for Motor Imagery Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02472">arxiv:2202.02472</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ce Ju, Cuntai Guan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning (DL) has been widely investigated in a vast majority of applications in electroencephalography (EEG)-based brain-computer interfaces (BCIs), especially for motor imagery (MI) classification in the past five years. The mainstream DL methodology for the MI-EEG classification exploits the temporospatial patterns of EEG signals using convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which have been particularly successful in visual images. However, since the statistical characteristics of visual images may not benefit EEG signals, a natural question that arises is whether there exists an alternative network architecture despite CNNs to extract features for the MI-EEG classification. To address this question, we propose a novel geometric deep learning (GDL) framework called Tensor-CSPNet to characterize EEG signals on symmetric positive definite (SPD) manifolds and exploit the temporo-spatio-frequential patterns using deep neural networks on SPD manifolds. Meanwhile, many experiences of successful MI-EEG classifiers have been integrated into the Tensor-CSPNet framework to make it more efficient. In the experiments, Tensor-CSPNet attains or slightly outperforms the current state-of-the-art performance on the cross-validation and holdout scenarios of two MI-EEG datasets. The visualization and interpretability analyses also exhibit its validity for the MI-EEG classification. To conclude, we provide a feasible answer to the question by generalizing the previous DL methodologies on SPD manifolds, which indicates the start of a specific class from the GDL methodology for the MI-EEG classification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Few-shot Learning as Cluster-induced Voronoi Diagrams: A Geometric Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02471">arxiv:2202.02471</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chunwei Ma, Ziyun Huang, Mingchen Gao, Jinhui Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Few-shot learning (FSL) is the process of rapid generalization from abundant base samples to inadequate novel samples. Despite extensive research in recent years, FSL is still not yet able to generate satisfactory solutions for a wide range of real-world applications. To confront this challenge, we study the FSL problem from a geometric point of view in this paper. One observation is that the widely embraced ProtoNet model is essentially a Voronoi Diagram (VD) in the feature space. We retrofit it by making use of a recent advance in computational geometry called Cluster-induced Voronoi Diagram (CIVD). Starting from the simplest nearest neighbor model, CIVD gradually incorporates cluster-to-point and then cluster-to-cluster relationships for space subdivision, which is used to improve the accuracy and robustness at multiple stages of FSL. Specifically, we use CIVD (1) to integrate parametric and nonparametric few-shot classifiers; (2) to combine feature representation and surrogate representation; (3) and to leverage feature-level, transformation-level, and geometry-level heterogeneities for a better ensemble. Our CIVD-based workflow enables us to achieve new state-of-the-art results on mini-ImageNet, CUB, and tiered-ImagenNet datasets, with ${\sim}2\%{-}5\%$ improvements upon the next best. To summarize, CIVD provides a mathematically elegant and geometrically interpretable framework that compensates for extreme data insufficiency, prevents overfitting, and allows for fast geometric ensemble for thousands of individual VD. These together make FSL stronger.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MarkovGNN: Graph Neural Networks on Markov Diffusion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02470">arxiv:2202.02470</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Md. Khaledur Rahman, Abhigya Agrawal, Ariful Azad</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most real-world networks contain well-defined community structures where nodes are densely connected internally within communities. To learn from these networks, we develop MarkovGNN that captures the formation and evolution of communities directly in different convolutional layers. Unlike most Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) that consider a static graph at every layer, MarkovGNN generates different stochastic matrices using a Markov process and then uses these community-capturing matrices in different layers. MarkovGNN is a general approach that could be used with most existing GNNs. We experimentally show that MarkovGNN outperforms other GNNs for clustering, node classification, and visualization tasks. The source code of MarkovGNN is publicly available at \url{https://github.com/HipGraph/MarkovGNN}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Handling Distribution Shifts on Graphs: An Invariance Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02466">arxiv:2202.02466</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Qitian Wu, Hengrui Zhang, Junchi Yan, David Wipf</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There is increasing evidence suggesting neural networks' sensitivity to distribution shifts, so that research on out-of-distribution (OOD) generalization comes into the spotlight. Nonetheless, current endeavors mostly focus on Euclidean data, and its formulation for graph-structured data is not clear and remains under-explored, given the two-fold fundamental challenges: 1) the inter-connection among nodes in one graph, which induces non-IID generation of data points even under the same environment, and 2) the structural information in the input graph, which is also informative for prediction. In this paper, we formulate the OOD problem for node-level prediction on graphs and develop a new domain-invariant learning approach, named Explore-to-Extrapolate Risk Minimization, that facilitates GNNs to leverage invariant graph features for prediction. The key difference to existing invariant models is that we design multiple context explorers (specified as graph editers in our case) that are adversarially trained to maximize the variance of risks from multiple virtual environments. Such a design enables the model to extrapolate from a single observed environment which is the common case for node-level prediction. We prove the validity of our method by theoretically showing its guarantee of a valid OOD solution and further demonstrate its power on various real-world datasets for handling distribution shifts from artificial spurious features, cross-domain transfers and dynamic graph evolution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Spelunking the Deep: Guaranteed Queries for General Neural Implicit Surfaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02444">arxiv:2202.02444</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nicholas Sharp, Alec Jacobson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural implicit representations, which encode a surface as the level set of a neural network applied to spatial coordinates, have proven to be remarkably effective for optimizing, compressing, and generating 3D geometry. Although these representations are easy to fit, it is not clear how to best evaluate geometric queries on the shape, such as intersecting against a ray or finding a closest point. The predominant approach is to encourage the network to have a signed distance property. However, this property typically holds only approximately, leading to robustness issues, and holds only at the conclusion of training, inhibiting the use of queries in loss functions. Instead, this work presents a new approach to perform queries directly on general neural implicit functions for a wide range of existing architectures. Our key tool is the application of range analysis to neural networks, using automatic arithmetic rules to bound the output of a network over a region; we conduct a study of range analysis on neural networks, and identify variants of affine arithmetic which are highly effective. We use the resulting bounds to develop geometric queries including ray casting, intersection testing, constructing spatial hierarchies, fast mesh extraction, closest-point evaluation, evaluating bulk properties, and more. Our queries can be efficiently evaluated on GPUs, and offer concrete accuracy guarantees even on randomly-initialized networks, enabling their use in training objectives and beyond. We also show a preliminary application to inverse rendering.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Transfer Reinforcement Learning for Differing Action Spaces via Q-Network Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02442">arxiv:2202.02442</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nathan Beck, Abhiramon Rajasekharan, Trung Hieu Tran</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transfer learning approaches in reinforcement learning aim to assist agents in learning their target domains by leveraging the knowledge learned from other agents that have been trained on similar source domains. For example, recent research focus within this space has been placed on knowledge transfer between tasks that have different transition dynamics and reward functions; however, little focus has been placed on knowledge transfer between tasks that have different action spaces. In this paper, we approach the task of transfer learning between domains that differ in action spaces. We present a reward shaping method based on source embedding similarity that is applicable to domains with both discrete and continuous action spaces. The efficacy of our approach is evaluated on transfer to restricted action spaces in the Acrobot-v1 and Pendulum-v0 domains (Brockman et al. 2016). A comparison with two baselines shows that our method does not outperform these baselines in these continuous action spaces but does show an improvement in these discrete action spaces. We conclude our analysis with future directions for this work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stratification of carotid atheromatous plaque using interpretable deep learning methods on B-mode ultrasound images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02428">arxiv:2202.02428</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Theofanis Ganitidis, Maria Athanasiou, Kalliopi Dalakleidi, Nikos Melanitis, Spyretta Golemati, Konstantina S Nikita</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Carotid atherosclerosis is the major cause of ischemic stroke resulting in significant rates of mortality and disability annually. Early diagnosis of such cases is of great importance, since it enables clinicians to apply a more effective treatment strategy. This paper introduces an interpretable classification approach of carotid ultrasound images for the risk assessment and stratification of patients with carotid atheromatous plaque. To address the highly imbalanced distribution of patients between the symptomatic and asymptomatic classes (16 vs 58, respectively), an ensemble learning scheme based on a sub-sampling approach was applied along with a two-phase, cost-sensitive strategy of learning, that uses the original and a resampled data set. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) were utilized for building the primary models of the ensemble. A six-layer deep CNN was used to automatically extract features from the images, followed by a classification stage of two fully connected layers. The obtained results (Area Under the ROC Curve (AUC): 73%, sensitivity: 75%, specificity: 70%) indicate that the proposed approach achieved acceptable discrimination performance. Finally, interpretability methods were applied on the model's predictions in order to reveal insights on the model's decision process as well as to enable the identification of novel image biomarkers for the stratification of patients with carotid atheromatous plaque.Clinical Relevance-The integration of interpretability methods with deep learning strategies can facilitate the identification of novel ultrasound image biomarkers for the stratification of patients with carotid atheromatous plaque.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Experimental Design Approach for Regret Minimization in Logistic Bandits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02407">arxiv:2202.02407</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Blake Mason, Kwang-Sung Jun, Lalit Jain</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we consider the problem of regret minimization for logistic bandits. The main challenge of logistic bandits is reducing the dependence on a potentially large problem dependent constant $κ$ that can at worst scale exponentially with the norm of the unknown parameter $θ_{\ast}$. Abeille et al. (2021) have applied self-concordance of the logistic function to remove this worst-case dependence providing regret guarantees like $O(d\log^2(κ)\sqrt{\dotμT}\log(|\mathcal{X}|))$ where $d$ is the dimensionality, $T$ is the time horizon, and $\dotμ$ is the variance of the best-arm. This work improves upon this bound in the fixed arm setting by employing an experimental design procedure that achieves a minimax regret of $O(\sqrt{d \dotμT\log(|\mathcal{X}|)})$. Our regret bound in fact takes a tighter instance (i.e., gap) dependent regret bound for the first time in logistic bandits. We also propose a new warmup sampling algorithm that can dramatically reduce the lower order term in the regret in general and prove that it can replace the lower order term dependency on $κ$ to $\log^2(κ)$ for some instances. Finally, we discuss the impact of the bias of the MLE on the logistic bandit problem, providing an example where $d^2$ lower order regret (cf., it is $d$ for linear bandits) may not be improved as long as the MLE is used and how bias-corrected estimators may be used to make it closer to $d$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Self-Adaptive Forecasting for Improved Deep Learning on Non-Stationary Time-Series</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02403">arxiv:2202.02403</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sercan O. Arik, Nathanael C. Yoder, Tomas Pfister</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Real-world time-series datasets often violate the assumptions of standard supervised learning for forecasting -- their distributions evolve over time, rendering the conventional training and model selection procedures suboptimal. In this paper, we propose a novel method, Self-Adaptive Forecasting (SAF), to modify the training of time-series forecasting models to improve their performance on forecasting tasks with such non-stationary time-series data. SAF integrates a self-adaptation stage prior to forecasting based on `backcasting', i.e. predicting masked inputs backward in time. This is a form of test-time training that creates a self-supervised learning problem on test samples before performing the prediction task. In this way, our method enables efficient adaptation of encoded representations to evolving distributions, leading to superior generalization. SAF can be integrated with any canonical encoder-decoder based time-series architecture such as recurrent neural networks or attention-based architectures. On synthetic and real-world datasets in domains where time-series data are known to be notoriously non-stationary, such as healthcare and finance, we demonstrate a significant benefit of SAF in improving forecasting accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Malleable Agents for Re-Configurable Robotic Manipulators</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02395">arxiv:2202.02395</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Athindran Ramesh Kumar, Gurudutt Hosangadi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Re-configurable robots potentially have more utility and flexibility for many real-world tasks. Designing a learning agent to operate such robots requires adapting to different configurations. While deep reinforcement learning has had immense success in robotic manipulation, domain adaptation is a significant problem that limits its applicability to real-world robotics. We focus on robotic arms with multiple rigid links connected by joints. Recent attempts have performed domain adaptation and Sim2Real transfer to provide robustness to robotic arm dynamics and sensor/camera variations. However, there have been no previous attempts to adapt to robotic arms with a varying number of links. We propose an RL agent with sequence neural networks embedded in the deep neural network to adapt to robotic arms that have a varying number of links. Further, with the additional tool of domain randomization, this agent adapts to different configurations with varying number/length of links and dynamics noise. We perform simulations on a 2D N-link arm to show the ability of our network to transfer and generalize efficiently.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The impact of feature importance methods on the interpretation of defect classifiers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02389">arxiv:2202.02389</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Gopi Krishnan Rajbahadur, Shaowei Wang, Yasutaka Kamei, Ahmed E. Hassan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Classifier specific (CS) and classifier agnostic (CA) feature importance methods are widely used (often interchangeably) by prior studies to derive feature importance ranks from a defect classifier. However, different feature importance methods are likely to compute different feature importance ranks even for the same dataset and classifier. Hence such interchangeable use of feature importance methods can lead to conclusion instabilities unless there is a strong agreement among different methods. Therefore, in this paper, we evaluate the agreement between the feature importance ranks associated with the studied classifiers through a case study of 18 software projects and six commonly used classifiers. We find that: 1) The computed feature importance ranks by CA and CS methods do not always strongly agree with each other. 2) The computed feature importance ranks by the studied CA methods exhibit a strong agreement including the features reported at top-1 and top-3 ranks for a given dataset and classifier, while even the commonly used CS methods yield vastly different feature importance ranks. Such findings raise concerns about the stability of conclusions across replicated studies. We further observe that the commonly used defect datasets are rife with feature interactions and these feature interactions impact the computed feature importance ranks of the CS methods (not the CA methods). We demonstrate that removing these feature interactions, even with simple methods like CFS improves agreement between the computed feature importance ranks of CA and CS methods. In light of our findings, we provide guidelines for stakeholders and practitioners when performing model interpretation and directions for future research, e.g., future research is needed to investigate the impact of advanced feature interaction removal methods on computed feature importance ranks of different CS methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fully Automated Tree Topology Estimation and Artery-Vein Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02382">arxiv:2202.02382</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Aashis Khanal, Saeid Motevali, Rolando Estrada</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a fully automatic technique for extracting the retinal vascular topology, i.e., how the different vessels are connected to each other, given a single color fundus image. Determining this connectivity is very challenging because vessels cross each other in a 2D image, obscuring their true paths. We validated the usefulness of our extraction method by using it to achieve state-of-the-art results in retinal artery-vein classification.
  Our proposed approach works as follows. We first segment the retinal vessels using our previously developed state-of-the-art segmentation method. Then, we estimate an initial graph from the extracted vessels and assign the most likely blood flow to each edge. We then use a handful of high-level operations (HLOs) to fix errors in the graph. These HLOs include detaching neighboring nodes, shifting the endpoints of an edge, and reversing the estimated blood flow direction for a branch. We use a novel cost function to find the optimal set of HLO operations for a given graph. Finally, we show that our extracted vascular structure is correct by propagating artery/vein labels along the branches. As our experiments show, our topology-based artery-vein labeling achieved state-of-the-art results on multiple datasets. We also performed several ablation studies to verify the importance of the different components of our proposed method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Discourse on MetODS: Meta-Optimized Dynamical Synapses for Meta-Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02363">arxiv:2202.02363</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mathieu Chalvidal, Thomas Serre, Rufin VanRullen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent meta-reinforcement learning work has emphasized the importance of mnemonic control for agents to quickly assimilate relevant experience in new contexts and suitably adapt their policy. However, what computational mechanisms support flexible behavioral adaptation from past experience remains an open question. Inspired by neuroscience, we propose MetODS (for Meta-Optimized Dynamical Synapses), a broadly applicable model of meta-reinforcement learning which leverages fast synaptic dynamics influenced by action-reward feedback. We develop a theoretical interpretation of MetODS as a model learning powerful control rules in the policy space and demonstrate empirically that robust reinforcement learning programs emerge spontaneously from them. We further propose a formalism which efficiently optimizes the meta-parameters governing MetODS synaptic processes. In multiple experiments and domains, MetODS outperforms or compares favorably with previous meta-reinforcement learning approaches. Our agents can perform one-shot learning, approaches optimal exploration/exploitation strategies, generalize navigation principles to unseen environments and demonstrate a strong ability to learn adaptive motor policies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Discovering Distribution Shifts using Latent Space Representations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02339">arxiv:2202.02339</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Leo Betthauser, Urszula Chajewska, Maurice Diesendruck, Rohith Pesala</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Rapid progress in representation learning has led to a proliferation of embedding models, and to associated challenges of model selection and practical application. It is non-trivial to assess a model's generalizability to new, candidate datasets and failure to generalize may lead to poor performance on downstream tasks. Distribution shifts are one cause of reduced generalizability, and are often difficult to detect in practice. In this paper, we use the embedding space geometry to propose a non-parametric framework for detecting distribution shifts, and specify two tests. The first test detects shifts by establishing a robustness boundary, determined by an intelligible performance criterion, for comparing reference and candidate datasets. The second test detects shifts by featurizing and classifying multiple subsamples of two datasets as in-distribution and out-of-distribution. In evaluation, both tests detect model-impacting distribution shifts, in various shift scenarios, for both synthetic and real-world datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>De-Sequentialized Monte Carlo: a parallel-in-time particle smoother</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02264">arxiv:2202.02264</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Adrien Corenflos, Nicolas Chopin, Simo Särkkä</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Particle smoothers are SMC (Sequential Monte Carlo) algorithms designed to approximate the joint distribution of the states given observations from a state-space model. We propose dSMC (de-Sequentialized Monte Carlo), a new particle smoother that is able to process $T$ observations in $\mathcal{O}(\log T)$ time on parallel architecture. This compares favourably with standard particle smoothers, the complexity of which is linear in $T$. We derive $\mathcal{L}_p$ convergence results for dSMC, with an explicit upper bound, polynomial in $T$. We then discuss how to reduce the variance of the smoothing estimates computed by dSMC by (i) designing good proposal distributions for sampling the particles at the initialization of the algorithm, as well as by (ii) using lazy resampling to increase the number of particles used in dSMC. Finally, we design a particle Gibbs sampler based on dSMC, which is able to perform parameter inference in a state-space model at a $\mathcal{O}(\log(T))$ cost on parallel hardware.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Functional Mixtures-of-Experts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02249">arxiv:2202.02249</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Faïcel Chamroukhi, Nhat Thien Pham, Van Hà Hoang, Geoffrey J. McLachlan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the statistical analysis of heterogeneous data for clustering and prediction purposes, in situations where the observations include functions, typically time series. We extend the modeling with Mixtures-of-Experts (ME), as a framework of choice in modeling heterogeneity in data for prediction and clustering with vectorial observations, to this functional data analysis context. We first present a new family of functional ME (FME) models, in which the predictors are potentially noisy observations, from entire functions, and the data generating process of the pair predictor and the real response, is governed by a hidden discrete variable representing an unknown partition, leading to complex situations to which the standard ME framework is not adapted. Second, we provide sparse and interpretable functional representations of the FME models, thanks to Lasso-like regularizations, notably on the derivatives of the underlying functional parameters of the model, projected onto a set of continuous basis functions. We develop dedicated expectation--maximization algorithms for Lasso-like regularized maximum-likelihood parameter estimation strategies, to encourage sparse and interpretable solutions. The proposed FME models and the developed EM-Lasso algorithms are studied in simulated scenarios and in applications to two real data sets, and the obtained results demonstrate their performance in accurately capturing complex nonlinear relationships between the response and the functional predictor, and in clustering.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dikaios: Privacy Auditing of Algorithmic Fairness via Attribute Inference Attacks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02242">arxiv:2202.02242</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jan Aalmoes, Vasisht Duddu, Antoine Boutet</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning (ML) models have been deployed for high-stakes applications. Due to class imbalance in the sensitive attribute observed in the datasets, ML models are unfair on minority subgroups identified by a sensitive attribute, such as race and sex. In-processing fairness algorithms ensure model predictions are independent of sensitive attribute. Furthermore, ML models are vulnerable to attribute inference attacks where an adversary can identify the values of sensitive attribute by exploiting their distinguishable model predictions. Despite privacy and fairness being important pillars of trustworthy ML, the privacy risk introduced by fairness algorithms with respect to attribute leakage has not been studied. We identify attribute inference attacks as an effective measure for auditing blackbox fairness algorithms to enable model builder to account for privacy and fairness in the model design. We proposed Dikaios, a privacy auditing tool for fairness algorithms for model builders which leveraged a new effective attribute inference attack that account for the class imbalance in sensitive attributes through an adaptive prediction threshold. We evaluated Dikaios to perform a privacy audit of two in-processing fairness algorithms over five datasets. We show that our attribute inference attacks with adaptive prediction threshold significantly outperform prior attacks. We highlighted the limitations of in-processing fairness algorithms to ensure indistinguishable predictions across different values of sensitive attributes. Indeed, the attribute privacy risk of these in-processing fairness schemes is highly variable according to the proportion of the sensitive attributes in the dataset. This unpredictable effect of fairness mechanisms on the attribute privacy risk is an important limitation on their utilization which has to be accounted by the model builder.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stochastic smoothing of the top-K calibrated hinge loss for deep imbalanced classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02193">arxiv:2202.02193</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Camille Garcin, Maximilien Servajean, Alexis Joly, Joseph Salmon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In modern classification tasks, the number of labels is getting larger and larger, as is the size of the datasets encountered in practice. As the number of classes increases, class ambiguity and class imbalance become more and more problematic to achieve high top-1 accuracy. Meanwhile, Top-K metrics (metrics allowing K guesses) have become popular, especially for performance reporting. Yet, proposing top-K losses tailored for deep learning remains a challenge, both theoretically and practically. In this paper we introduce a stochastic top-K hinge loss inspired by recent developments on top-K calibrated losses. Our proposal is based on the smoothing of the top-K operator building on the flexible "perturbed optimizer" framework. We show that our loss function performs very well in the case of balanced datasets, while benefiting from a significantly lower computational time than the state-of-the-art top-K loss function. In addition, we propose a simple variant of our loss for the imbalanced case. Experiments on a heavy-tailed dataset show that our loss function significantly outperforms other baseline loss functions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Identifying Self-Admitted Technical Debt in Issue Tracking Systems using Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02180">arxiv:2202.02180</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yikun Li, Mohamed Soliman, Paris Avgeriou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Technical debt is a metaphor indicating sub-optimal solutions implemented for short-term benefits by sacrificing the long-term maintainability and evolvability of software. A special type of technical debt is explicitly admitted by software engineers (e.g. using a TODO comment); this is called Self-Admitted Technical Debt or SATD. Most work on automatically identifying SATD focuses on source code comments. In addition to source code comments, issue tracking systems have shown to be another rich source of SATD, but there are no approaches specifically for automatically identifying SATD in issues. In this paper, we first create a training dataset by collecting and manually analyzing 4,200 issues (that break down to 23,180 sections of issues) from seven open-source projects (i.e., Camel, Chromium, Gerrit, Hadoop, HBase, Impala, and Thrift) using two popular issue tracking systems (i.e., Jira and Google Monorail). We then propose and optimize an approach for automatically identifying SATD in issue tracking systems using machine learning. Our findings indicate that: 1) our approach outperforms baseline approaches by a wide margin with regard to the F1-score; 2) transferring knowledge from suitable datasets can improve the predictive performance of our approach; 3) extracted SATD keywords are intuitive and potentially indicating types and indicators of SATD; 4) projects using different issue tracking systems have less common SATD keywords compared to projects using the same issue tracking system; 5) a small amount of training data is needed to achieve good accuracy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generative Modeling of Complex Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02145">arxiv:2202.02145</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Luca Canale, Nicolas Grislain, Grégoire Lothe, Johan Leduc</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, several models have improved the capacity to generate synthetic tabular datasets. However, such models focus on synthesizing simple columnar tables and are not useable on real-life data with complex structures. This paper puts forward a generic framework to synthesize more complex data structures with composite and nested types. It then proposes one practical implementation, built with causal transformers, for struct (mappings of types) and lists (repeated instances of a type). The results on standard benchmark datasets show that such implementation consistently outperforms current state-of-the-art models both in terms of machine learning utility and statistical similarity. Moreover, it shows very strong results on two complex hierarchical datasets with multiple nesting and sparse data, that were previously out of reach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep invariant networks with differentiable augmentation layers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02142">arxiv:2202.02142</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Cédric Rommel, Thomas Moreau, Alexandre Gramfort</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Designing learning systems which are invariant to certain data transformations is critical in machine learning. Practitioners can typically enforce a desired invariance on the trained model through the choice of a network architecture, e.g. using convolutions for translations, or using data augmentation. Yet, enforcing true invariance in the network can be difficult, and data invariances are not always known a piori. State-of-the-art methods for learning data augmentation policies require held-out data and are based on bilevel optimization problems, which are complex to solve and often computationally demanding. In this work we investigate new ways of learning invariances only from the training data. Using learnable augmentation layers built directly in the network, we demonstrate that our method is very versatile. It can incorporate any type of differentiable augmentation and be applied to a broad class of learning problems beyond computer vision. We provide empirical evidence showing that our approach is easier and faster to train than modern automatic data augmentation techniques based on bilevel optimization, while achieving comparable results. Experiments show that while the invariances transferred to a model through automatic data augmentation are limited by the model expressivity, the invariance yielded by our approach is insensitive to it by design.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Interpretability methods of machine learning algorithms with applications in breast cancer diagnosis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02131">arxiv:2202.02131</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Panagiota Karatza, Kalliopi V. Dalakleidi, Maria Athanasiou, Konstantina S. Nikita</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Early detection of breast cancer is a powerful tool towards decreasing its socioeconomic burden. Although, artificial intelligence (AI) methods have shown remarkable results towards this goal, their "black box" nature hinders their wide adoption in clinical practice. To address the need for AI guided breast cancer diagnosis, interpretability methods can be utilized. In this study, we used AI methods, i.e., Random Forests (RF), Neural Networks (NN) and Ensembles of Neural Networks (ENN), towards this goal and explained and optimized their performance through interpretability techniques, such as the Global Surrogate (GS) method, the Individual Conditional Expectation (ICE) plots and the Shapley values (SV). The Wisconsin Diagnostic Breast Cancer (WDBC) dataset of the open UCI repository was used for the training and evaluation of the AI algorithms. The best performance for breast cancer diagnosis was achieved by the proposed ENN (96.6% accuracy and 0.96 area under the ROC curve), and its predictions were explained by ICE plots, proving that its decisions were compliant with current medical knowledge and can be further utilized to gain new insights in the pathophysiological mechanisms of breast cancer. Feature selection based on features' importance according to the GS model improved the performance of the RF (leading the accuracy from 96.49% to 97.18% and the area under the ROC curve from 0.96 to 0.97) and feature selection based on features' importance according to SV improved the performance of the NN (leading the accuracy from 94.6% to 95.53% and the area under the ROC curve from 0.94 to 0.95). Compared to other approaches on the same dataset, our proposed models demonstrated state of the art performance while being interpretable.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Polyphonic pitch detection with convolutional recurrent neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02115">arxiv:2202.02115</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Carl Thomé, Sven Ahlbäck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent directions in automatic speech recognition (ASR) research have shown that applying deep learning models from image recognition challenges in computer vision is beneficial. As automatic music transcription (AMT) is superficially similar to ASR, in the sense that methods often rely on transforming spectrograms to symbolic sequences of events (e.g. words or notes), deep learning should benefit AMT as well. In this work, we outline an online polyphonic pitch detection system that streams audio to MIDI by ConvLSTMs. Our system achieves state-of-the-art results on the 2007 MIREX multi-F0 development set, with an F-measure of 83\% on the bassoon, clarinet, flute, horn and oboe ensemble recording without requiring any musical language modelling or assumptions of instrument timbre.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Musical Audio Similarity with Self-supervised Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02112">arxiv:2202.02112</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Carl Thomé, Sebastian Piwell, Oscar Utterbäck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We have built a music similarity search engine that lets video producers search by listenable music excerpts, as a complement to traditional full-text search. Our system suggests similar sounding track segments in a large music catalog by training a self-supervised convolutional neural network with triplet loss terms and musical transformations. Semi-structured user interviews demonstrate that we can successfully impress professional video producers with the quality of the search experience, and perceived similarities to query tracks averaged 7.8/10 in user testing. We believe this search tool will make for a more natural search experience that is easier to find music to soundtrack videos with.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>To Impute or not to Impute? -- Missing Data in Treatment Effect Estimation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02096">arxiv:2202.02096</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jeroen Berrevoets, Fergus Imrie, Trent Kyono, James Jordon, Mihaela van der Schaar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Missing data is a systemic problem in practical scenarios that causes noise and bias when estimating treatment effects. This makes treatment effect estimation from data with missingness a particularly tricky endeavour. A key reason for this is that standard assumptions on missingness are rendered insufficient due to the presence of an additional variable, treatment, besides the individual and the outcome. Having a treatment variable introduces additional complexity with respect to why some variables are missing that is not fully explored by previous work. In our work we identify a new missingness mechanism, which we term mixed confounded missingness (MCM), where some missingness determines treatment selection and other missingness is determined by treatment selection. Given MCM, we show that naively imputing all data leads to poor performing treatment effects models, as the act of imputation effectively removes information necessary to provide unbiased estimates. However, no imputation at all also leads to biased estimates, as missingness determined by treatment divides the population in distinct subpopulations, where estimates across these populations will be biased. Our solution is selective imputation, where we use insights from MCM to inform precisely which variables should be imputed and which should not. We empirically demonstrate how various learners benefit from selective imputation compared to other solutions for missing data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Urban Region Profiling via A Multi-Graph Representation Learning Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02074">arxiv:2202.02074</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Y. Luo, F. Chung, K. Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Urban region profiling can benefit urban analytics. Although existing studies have made great efforts to learn urban region representation from multi-source urban data, there are still three limitations: (1) Most related methods focused merely on global-level inter-region relations while overlooking local-level geographical contextual signals and intra-region information; (2) Most previous works failed to develop an effective yet integrated fusion module which can deeply fuse multi-graph correlations; (3) State-of-the-art methods do not perform well in regions with high variance socioeconomic attributes. To address these challenges, we propose a multi-graph representative learning framework, called Region2Vec, for urban region profiling. Specifically, except that human mobility is encoded for inter-region relations, geographic neighborhood is introduced for capturing geographical contextual information while POI side information is adopted for representing intra-region information by knowledge graph. Then, graphs are used to capture accessibility, vicinity, and functionality correlations among regions. To consider the discriminative properties of multiple graphs, an encoder-decoder multi-graph fusion module is further proposed to jointly learn comprehensive representations. Experiments on real-world datasets show that Region2Vec can be employed in three applications and outperforms all state-of-the-art baselines. Particularly, Region2Vec has better performance than previous studies in regions with high variance socioeconomic attributes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Twitter Referral Behaviours on News Consumption with Ensemble Clustering of Click-Stream Data in Turkish Media</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02056">arxiv:2202.02056</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Didem Makaroglu, Altan Cakir, Behcet Ugur Toreyin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Click-stream data, which comes with a massive volume generated by the human activities on the websites, has become a prominent feature to identify readers' characteristics by the newsrooms after the digitization of the news outlets. It is essential to have elastic architectures to process the streaming data, particularly for unprecedented traffic, enabling conducting more comprehensive analyses such as recommending mostly related articles to the readers. Although the nature of click-stream data has a similar logic within the websites, it has inherent limitations to recognize human behaviors when looking from a broad perspective, which brings the need of limiting the problem in niche areas. This study investigates the anonymized readers' click activities in the organizations' websites to identify news consumption patterns following referrals from Twitter, who incidentally reach but propensity is mainly the routed news content. The investigation is widened to a broad perspective by linking the log data with news content to enrich the insights rather than sticking into the web journey. The methodologies on ensemble cluster analysis with mixed-type embedding strategies are applied and compared to find similar reader groups and interests independent from time. Our results demonstrate that the quality of clustering mixed-type data set approaches to optimal internal validation scores when embedded by Uniform Manifold Approximation and Projection (UMAP) and using consensus function as a key to access the most applicable hyper parameter configurations in the given ensemble rather than using consensus function results directly. Evaluation of the resulting clusters highlights specific clusters repeatedly present in the samples, which provide insights to the news organizations and overcome the degradation of the modeling behaviors due to the change in the interest over time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Complex-to-Real Random Features for Polynomial Kernels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02031">arxiv:2202.02031</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jonas Wacker, Ruben Ohana, Maurizio Filippone</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Kernel methods are ubiquitous in statistical modeling due to their theoretical guarantees as well as their competitive empirical performance. Polynomial kernels are of particular importance as their feature maps model the interactions between the dimensions of the input data. However, the construction time of explicit feature maps scales exponentially with the polynomial degree and a naive application of the kernel trick does not scale to large datasets. In this work, we propose Complex-to-Real (CtR) random features for polynomial kernels that leverage intermediate complex random projections and can yield kernel estimates with much lower variances than their real-valued analogs. The resulting features are real-valued, simple to construct and have the following advantages over the state-of-the-art: 1) shorter construction times, 2) lower kernel approximation errors for commonly used degrees, 3) they enable us to obtain a closed-form expression for their variance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Vector Quantized-Variational Autoencoder</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.01987">arxiv:2202.01987</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chieh-Hsin Lai, Dongmian Zou, Gilad Lerman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image generative models can learn the distributions of the training data and consequently generate examples by sampling from these distributions. However, when the training dataset is corrupted with outliers, generative models will likely produce examples that are also similar to the outliers. In fact, a small portion of outliers may induce state-of-the-art generative models, such as Vector Quantized-Variational AutoEncoder (VQ-VAE), to learn a significant mode from the outliers. To mitigate this problem, we propose a robust generative model based on VQ-VAE, which we name Robust VQ-VAE (RVQ-VAE). In order to achieve robustness, RVQ-VAE uses two separate codebooks for the inliers and outliers. To ensure the codebooks embed the correct components, we iteratively update the sets of inliers and outliers during each training epoch. To ensure that the encoded data points are matched to the correct codebooks, we quantize using a weighted Euclidean distance, whose weights are determined by directional variances of the codebooks. Both codebooks, together with the encoder and decoder, are trained jointly according to the reconstruction loss and the quantization loss. We experimentally demonstrate that RVQ-VAE is able to generate examples from inliers even if a large portion of the training data points are corrupted.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The 6-Ds of Creating AI-Enabled Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.03172">arxiv:2202.03172</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>John Piorkowski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We are entering our tenth year of the current Artificial Intelligence (AI) spring, and, as with previous AI hype cycles, the threat of an AI winter looms. AI winters occurred because of ineffective approaches towards navigating the technology valley of death. The 6-D framework provides an end-to-end framework to successfully navigate this challenge. The 6-D framework starts with problem decomposition to identify potential AI solutions, and ends with considerations for deployment of AI-enabled systems. Each component of the 6-D framework and a precision medicine use case is described in this paper.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LotRec: A Recommender for Urban Vacant Lot Conversion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02481">arxiv:2202.02481</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Md Towhidul A Chowdhury, Naveen Sharma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Vacant lots are neglected properties in a city that lead to environmental hazards and poor standard of living for the community. Thus, reclaiming vacant lots and putting them to productive use is an important consideration for many cities. Given a large number of vacant lots and resource constraints for conversion, two key questions for a city are (1) whether to convert a vacant lot or not; and (2) what to convert a vacant lot as. We seek to provide computational support to answer these questions. To this end, we identify the determinants of a vacant lot conversion and build a recommender based on those determinants. We evaluate our models on real-world vacant lot datasets from the US cities of Philadelphia,PA and Baltimore, MD. Our results indicate that our recommender yields mean F-measures of (1) 90% in predicting whether a vacant lot should be converted or not within a single city, (2) 91% in predicting what a vacant lot should be converted to, within a single city and, (3) 85% in predicting whether a vacant lot should be converted or not across two cities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>One-Nearest-Neighbor Search is All You Need for Minimax Optimal Regression and Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02464">arxiv:2202.02464</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>J. Jon Ryu, Young-Han Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, Qiao, Duan, and Cheng~(2019) proposed a distributed nearest-neighbor classification method, in which a massive dataset is split into smaller groups, each processed with a $k$-nearest-neighbor classifier, and the final class label is predicted by a majority vote among these groupwise class labels. This paper shows that the distributed algorithm with $k=1$ over a sufficiently large number of groups attains a minimax optimal error rate up to a multiplicative logarithmic factor under some regularity conditions, for both regression and classification problems. Roughly speaking, distributed 1-nearest-neighbor rules with $M$ groups has a performance comparable to standard $Θ(M)$-nearest-neighbor rules. In the analysis, alternative rules with a refined aggregation method are proposed and shown to attain exact minimax optimal rates.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning a Discrete Set of Optimal Allocation Rules in Queueing Systems with Unknown Service Rates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02419">arxiv:2202.02419</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Saghar Adler, Mehrdad Moharrami, Vijay Subramanian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study learning-based admission control for a classical Erlang-B blocking system with unknown service rate, i.e., an $M/M/k/k$ queueing system. At every job arrival, a dispatcher decides to assign the job to an available server or to block it. Every served job yields a fixed reward for the dispatcher, but it also results in a cost per unit time of service. Our goal is to design a dispatching policy that maximizes the long-term average reward for the dispatcher based on observing the arrival times and the state of the system at each arrival; critically, the dispatcher observes neither the service times nor departure times.
  We develop our learning-based dispatch scheme as a parametric learning problem a'la self-tuning adaptive control. In our problem, certainty equivalent control switches between an always admit policy (always explore) and a never admit policy (immediately terminate learning), which is distinct from the adaptive control literature. Our learning scheme then uses maximum likelihood estimation followed by certainty equivalent control but with judicious use of the always admit policy so that learning doesn't stall. We prove that for all service rates, the proposed policy asymptotically learns to take the optimal action. Further, we also present finite-time regret guarantees for our scheme. The extreme contrast in the certainty equivalent optimal control policies leads to difficulties in learning that show up in our regret bounds for different parameter regimes. We explore this aspect in our simulations and also follow-up sampling related questions for our continuous-time system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Parameter-free Online Linear Optimization with Side Information via Universal Coin Betting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02406">arxiv:2202.02406</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>J. Jon Ryu, Alankrita Bhatt, Young-Han Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A class of parameter-free online linear optimization algorithms is proposed that harnesses the structure of an adversarial sequence by adapting to some side information. These algorithms combine the reduction technique of Orabona and P{á}l (2016) for adapting coin betting algorithms for online linear optimization with universal compression techniques in information theory for incorporating sequential side information to coin betting. Concrete examples are studied in which the side information has a tree structure and consists of quantized values of the previous symbols of the adversarial sequence, including fixed-order and variable-order Markov cases. By modifying the context-tree weighting technique of Willems, Shtarkov, and Tjalkens (1995), the proposed algorithm is further refined to achieve the best performance over all adaptive algorithms with tree-structured side information of a given maximum order in a computationally efficient manner.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automatic Identification of Self-Admitted Technical Debt from Different Sources</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02387">arxiv:2202.02387</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yikun Li, Mohamed Soliman, Paris Avgeriou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Technical debt is a metaphor describing the situation that long-term benefits (e.g., maintainability and evolvability of software) are traded for short-term goals. When technical debt is admitted explicitly by developers in software artifacts (e.g., code comments or issue tracking systems), it is termed as Self-Admitted Technical Debt or SATD. Technical debt could be admitted in different sources, such as source code comments, issue tracking systems, pull requests, and commit messages. However, there is no approach proposed for identifying SATD from different sources. Thus, in this paper, we propose an approach for automatically identifying SATD from different sources (i.e., source code comments, issue trackers, commit messages, and pull requests).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Using Large-scale Heterogeneous Graph Representation Learning for Code Review Recommendations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02385">arxiv:2202.02385</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jiyang Zhang, Chandra Maddila, Ram Bairi, Christian Bird, Ujjwal Raizada, Apoorva Agrawal, Yamini Jhawar, Kim Herzig, Arie van Deursen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Code review is an integral part of any mature software development process, and identifying the best reviewer for a code change is a well accepted problem within the software engineering community. Selecting a reviewer who lacks expertise and understanding can slow development or result in more defects. To date, most reviewer recommendation systems rely primarily on historical file change and review information; those who changed or reviewed a file in the past are the best positioned to review in the future. We posit that while these approaches are able to identify and suggest qualified reviewers, they may be blind to reviewers who have the needed expertise and have simply never interacted with the changed files before. To address this, we present CORAL, a novel approach to reviewer recommendation that leverages a socio-technical graph built from the rich set of entities (developers, repositories, files, pull requests, work-items, etc.) and their relationships in modern source code management systems. We employ a graph convolutional neural network on this graph and train it on two and a half years of history on 332 repositories. We show that CORAL is able to model the manual history of reviewer selection remarkably well. Further, based on an extensive user study, we demonstrate that this approach identifies relevant and qualified reviewers who traditional reviewer recommenders miss, and that these developers desire to be included in the review process. Finally, we find that "classical" reviewer recommendation systems perform better on smaller (in terms of developers) software projects while CORAL excels on larger projects, suggesting that there is "no one model to rule them all."

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Boundary-aware Information Maximization for Self-supervised Medical Image Segmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02371">arxiv:2202.02371</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jizong Peng, Ping Wang, Marco Pedersoli, Christian Desrosiers</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised pre-training has been proven as an effective approach to boost various downstream tasks given limited labeled data. Among various methods, contrastive learning learns a discriminative representation by constructing positive and negative pairs. However, it is not trivial to build reasonable pairs for a segmentation task in an unsupervised way. In this work, we propose a novel unsupervised pre-training framework that avoids the drawback of contrastive learning. Our framework consists of two principles: unsupervised over-segmentation as a pre-train task using mutual information maximization and boundary-aware preserving learning. Experimental results on two benchmark medical segmentation datasets reveal our method's effectiveness in improving segmentation performance when few annotated images are available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Polynomial convergence of iterations of certain random operators in Hilbert space</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02266">arxiv:2202.02266</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Soumyadip Ghosh, Yingdong Lu, Tomasz J. Nowicki</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the convergence of random iterative sequence of a family of operators on infinite dimensional Hilbert spaces, which are inspired by the Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) algorithm in the case of the noiseless regression, as studied in [1]. We demonstrate that its polynomial convergence rate depends on the initial state, while the randomness plays a role only in the choice of the best constant factor and we close the gap between the upper and lower bounds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Beam Management with Orientation and RSRP using Deep Learning for Beyond 5G Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02247">arxiv:2202.02247</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Khuong N. Nguyen, Anum Ali, Jianhua Mo, Boon Loong Ng, Vutha Va, Jianzhong Charlie Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Beam management (BM), i.e., the process of finding and maintaining a suitable transmit and receive beam pair, can be challenging, particularly in highly dynamic scenarios. Side-information, e.g., orientation, from on-board sensors can assist the user equipment (UE) BM. In this work, we use the orientation information coming from the inertial measurement unit (IMU) for effective BM. We use a data-driven strategy that fuses the reference signal received power (RSRP) with orientation information using a recurrent neural network (RNN). Simulation results show that the proposed strategy performs much better than the conventional BM and an orientation-assisted BM strategy that utilizes particle filter in another study. Specifically, the proposed data-driven strategy improves the beam-prediction accuracy up to 34% and increases mean RSRP by up to 4.2 dB when the UE orientation changes quickly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pixle: a fast and effective black-box attack based on rearranging pixels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02236">arxiv:2202.02236</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jary Pomponi, Simone Scardapane, Aurelio Uncini</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent research has found that neural networks are vulnerable to several types of adversarial attacks, where the input samples are modified in such a way that the model produces a wrong prediction that misclassifies the adversarial sample. In this paper we focus on black-box adversarial attacks, that can be performed without knowing the inner structure of the attacked model, nor the training procedure, and we propose a novel attack that is capable of correctly attacking a high percentage of samples by rearranging a small number of pixels within the attacked image. We demonstrate that our attack works on a large number of datasets and models, that it requires a small number of iterations, and that the distance between the original sample and the adversarial one is negligible to the human eye.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Correcting Confounding via Random Selection of Background Variables</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02150">arxiv:2202.02150</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>You-Lin Chen, Lenon Minorics, Dominik Janzing</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a method to distinguish causal influence from hidden confounding in the following scenario: given a target variable Y, potential causal drivers X, and a large number of background features, we propose a novel criterion for identifying causal relationship based on the stability of regression coefficients of X on Y with respect to selecting different background features. To this end, we propose a statistic V measuring the coefficient's variability. We prove, subject to a symmetry assumption for the background influence, that V converges to zero if and only if X contains no causal drivers. In experiments with simulated data, the method outperforms state of the art algorithms. Further, we report encouraging results for real-world data. Our approach aligns with the general belief that causal insights admit better generalization of statistical associations across environments, and justifies similar existing heuristic approaches from the literature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Numerical Demonstration of Multiple Actuator Constraint Enforcement Algorithm for a Molten Salt Loop</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02094">arxiv:2202.02094</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Akshay J. Dave, Haoyu Wang, Roberto Ponciroli, Richard B. Vilim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** To advance the paradigm of autonomous operation for nuclear power plants, a data-driven machine learning approach to control is sought. Autonomous operation for next-generation reactor designs is anticipated to bolster safety and improve economics. However, any algorithms that are utilized need to be interpretable, adaptable, and robust.
  In this work, we focus on the specific problem of optimal control during autonomous operation. We will demonstrate an interpretable and adaptable data-driven machine learning approach to autonomous control of a molten salt loop. To address interpretability, we utilize a data-driven algorithm to identify system dynamics in state-space representation. To address adaptability, a control algorithm will be utilized to modify actuator setpoints while enforcing constant, and time-dependent constraints. Robustness is not addressed in this work, and is part of future work. To demonstrate the approach, we designed a numerical experiment requiring intervention to enforce constraints during a load-follow type transient.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SignSGD: Fault-Tolerance to Blind and Byzantine Adversaries</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02085">arxiv:2202.02085</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jason Akoun, Sebastien Meyer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Distributed learning has become a necessity for training ever-growing models by sharing calculation among several devices. However, some of the devices can be faulty, deliberately or not, preventing the proper convergence. As a matter of fact, the baseline distributed SGD algorithm does not converge in the presence of one Byzantine adversary. In this article we focus on the more robust SignSGD algorithm derived from SGD. We provide an upper bound for the convergence rate of SignSGD proving that this new version is robust to Byzantine adversaries. We implemented SignSGD along with Byzantine strategies attempting to crush the learning process. Therefore, we provide empirical observations from our experiments to support our theory. Our code is available on GitHub https://github.com/jasonakoun/signsgd-fault-tolerance and our experiments are reproducible by using the provided parameters.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Identifiability of Label Noise Transition Matrix</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02016">arxiv:2202.02016</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yang Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The noise transition matrix plays a central role in the problem of learning from noisy labels. Among many other reasons, a significant number of existing solutions rely on access to it. Estimating the transition matrix without using ground truth labels is a critical and challenging task. When label noise transition depends on each instance, the problem of identifying the instance-dependent noise transition matrix becomes substantially more challenging. Despite recent works proposing solutions for learning from instance-dependent noisy labels, we lack a unified understanding of when such a problem remains identifiable, and therefore learnable. This paper seeks to provide answers to a sequence of related questions: What are the primary factors that contribute to the identifiability of a noise transition matrix? Can we explain the observed empirical successes? When a problem is not identifiable, what can we do to make it so? We will relate our theoretical findings to the literature and hope to provide guidelines for developing effective solutions for battling instance-dependent label noise.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>5G Network on Wings: A Deep Reinforcement Learning Approach to UAV-based Integrated Access and Backhaul</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02006">arxiv:2202.02006</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hongyi Zhang, Jingya Li, Zhiqiang Qi, Xingqin Lin, Anders Aronsson, Jan Bosch, Helena Holmström Olsson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fast and reliable wireless communication has become a critical demand in human life. When natural disasters strike, providing ubiquitous connectivity becomes challenging by using traditional wireless networks. In this context, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) based aerial networks offer a promising alternative for fast, flexible, and reliable wireless communications in mission-critical (MC) scenarios. Due to the unique characteristics such as mobility, flexible deployment, and rapid reconfiguration, drones can readily change location dynamically to provide on-demand communications to users on the ground in emergency scenarios. As a result, the usage of UAV base stations (UAV-BSs) has been considered as an appropriate approach for providing rapid connection in MC scenarios. In this paper, we study how to control a UAV-BS in both static and dynamic environments. We investigate a situation in which a macro BS is destroyed as a result of a natural disaster and a UAV-BS is deployed using integrated access and backhaul (IAB) technology to provide coverage for users in the disaster area. We present a data collection system, signaling procedures and machine learning applications for this use case. A deep reinforcement learning algorithm is developed to jointly optimize the tilt of the access and backhaul antennas of the UAV-BS as well as its three-dimensional placement. Evaluation results show that the proposed algorithm can autonomously navigate and configure the UAV-BS to satisfactorily serve the MC users on the ground.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Output Gaussian Process-Based Data Augmentation for Multi-Building and Multi-Floor Indoor Localization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.01980">arxiv:2202.01980</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhe Tang, Sihao Li, Kyeong Soo Kim, Jeremy Smith</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Location fingerprinting based on RSSI becomes a mainstream indoor localization technique due to its advantage of not requiring the installation of new infrastructure and the modification of existing devices, especially given the prevalence of Wi-Fi-enabled devices and the ubiquitous Wi-Fi access in modern buildings. The use of AI/ML technologies like DNNs makes location fingerprinting more accurate and reliable, especially for large-scale multi-building and multi-floor indoor localization. The application of DNNs for indoor localization, however, depends on a large amount of preprocessed and deliberately-labeled data for their training. Considering the difficulty of the data collection in an indoor environment, especially under the current epidemic situation of COVID-19, we investigate three different methods of RSSI data augmentation based on Multi-Output Gaussian Process (MOGP), i.e., by a single floor, by neighboring floors, and by a single building; unlike Single-Output Gaussian Process (SOGP), MOGP can take into account the correlation among RSSI observations from multiple Access Points (APs) deployed closely to each other (e.g., APs on the same floor of a building) by collectively handling them. The feasibility of the MOGP-based RSSI data augmentation is demonstrated through experiments based on the state-of-the-art RNN indoor localization model and the UJIIndoorLoc, i.e., the most popular publicly-available multi-building and multi-floor indoor localization database, where the RNN model trained with the UJIIndoorLoc database augmented by using the whole RSSI data of a building in fitting an MOGP model (i.e., by a single building) outperforms the other two augmentation methods as well as the RNN model trained with the original UJIIndoorLoc database, resulting in the mean three-dimensional positioning error of 8.42 m.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hybrid Neural Coded Modulation: Design and Training Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.01972">arxiv:2202.01972</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Sung Hoon Lim, Jiyong Han, Wonjong Noh, Yujae Song, Sang-Woon Jeon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a hybrid coded modulation scheme which composes of inner and outer codes. The outer-code can be any standard binary linear code with efficient soft decoding capability (e.g. low-density parity-check (LDPC) codes). The inner code is designed using a deep neural network (DNN) which takes the channel coded bits and outputs modulated symbols. For training the DNN, we propose to use a loss function that is inspired by the generalized mutual information. The resulting constellations are shown to outperform the conventional quadrature amplitude modulation (QAM) based coding scheme for modulation order 16 and 64 with 5G standard LDPC codes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Aggregation Service for Federated Learning: An Efficient, Secure, and More Resilient Realization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.01971">arxiv:2202.01971</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yifeng Zheng, Shangqi Lai, Yi Liu, Xingliang Yuan, Xun Yi, Cong Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning has recently emerged as a paradigm promising the benefits of harnessing rich data from diverse sources to train high quality models, with the salient features that training datasets never leave local devices. Only model updates are locally computed and shared for aggregation to produce a global model. While federated learning greatly alleviates the privacy concerns as opposed to learning with centralized data, sharing model updates still poses privacy risks. In this paper, we present a system design which offers efficient protection of individual model updates throughout the learning procedure, allowing clients to only provide obscured model updates while a cloud server can still perform the aggregation. Our federated learning system first departs from prior works by supporting lightweight encryption and aggregation, and resilience against drop-out clients with no impact on their participation in future rounds. Meanwhile, prior work largely overlooks bandwidth efficiency optimization in the ciphertext domain and the support of security against an actively adversarial cloud server, which we also fully explore in this paper and provide effective and efficient mechanisms. Extensive experiments over several benchmark datasets (MNIST, CIFAR-10, and CelebA) show our system achieves accuracy comparable to the plaintext baseline, with practical performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Direct observation of a dynamical glass transition in a nanomagnetic artificial Hopfield network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.02372">arxiv:2202.02372</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Michael Saccone, Francesco Caravelli, Kevin Hofhuis, Sergii Parchenko, Yorick A. Birkhölzer, Scott Dhuey, Armin Kleibert, Sebastiaan van Dijken, Cristiano Nisoli, Alan Farhan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spin glasses, generally defined as disordered systems with randomized competing interactions, are a widely investigated complex system. Theoretical models describing spin glasses are broadly used in other complex systems, such as those describing brain function, error-correcting codes, or stock-market dynamics. This wide interest in spin glasses provides strong motivation to generate an artificial spin glass within the framework of artificial spin ice systems. Here, we present the experimental realization of an artificial spin glass consisting of dipolar coupled single-domain Ising-type nanomagnets arranged onto an interaction network that replicates the aspects of a Hopfield neural network. Using cryogenic x-ray photoemission electron microscopy (XPEEM), we performed temperature-dependent imaging of thermally driven moment fluctuations within these networks and observed characteristic features of a two-dimensional Ising spin glass. Specifically, the temperature dependence of the spin glass correlation function follows a power law trend predicted from theoretical models on two-dimensional spin glasses. Furthermore, we observe clear signatures of the hard to observe rugged spin glass free energy in the form of sub-aging, out of equilibrium autocorrelations and a transition from stable to unstable dynamics.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.02.03]({{ '/2022/02/03/2022.02.03.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.02.05]({{ '/2022/02/05/2022.02.05.html' | relative_url }})