Prev: [2022.07.20]({{ '/2022/07/20/2022.07.20.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.07.22]({{ '/2022/07/22/2022.07.22.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-07-21, created on 2022-07-28


<details><summary><b>Generative Multiplane Images: Making a 2D GAN 3D-Aware</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10642">arxiv:2207.10642</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5790 <br>
<p>Xiaoming Zhao, Fangchang Ma, David Güera, Zhile Ren, Alexander G. Schwing, Alex Colburn</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** What is really needed to make an existing 2D GAN 3D-aware? To answer this question, we modify a classical GAN, i.e., StyleGANv2, as little as possible. We find that only two modifications are absolutely necessary: 1) a multiplane image style generator branch which produces a set of alpha maps conditioned on their depth; 2) a pose-conditioned discriminator. We refer to the generated output as a 'generative multiplane image' (GMPI) and emphasize that its renderings are not only high-quality but also guaranteed to be view-consistent, which makes GMPIs different from many prior works. Importantly, the number of alpha maps can be dynamically adjusted and can differ between training and inference, alleviating memory concerns and enabling fast training of GMPIs in less than half a day at a resolution of $1024^2$. Our findings are consistent across three challenging and common high-resolution datasets, including FFHQ, AFHQv2, and MetFaces.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Language Model Cascades</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10342">arxiv:2207.10342</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1710 <br>
<p>David Dohan, Winnie Xu, Aitor Lewkowycz, Jacob Austin, David Bieber, Raphael Gontijo Lopes, Yuhuai Wu, Henryk Michalewski, Rif A. Saurous, Jascha Sohl-dickstein, Kevin Murphy, Charles Sutton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Prompted models have demonstrated impressive few-shot learning abilities. Repeated interactions at test-time with a single model, or the composition of multiple models together, further expands capabilities. These compositions are probabilistic models, and may be expressed in the language of graphical models with random variables whose values are complex data types such as strings. Cases with control flow and dynamic structure require techniques from probabilistic programming, which allow implementing disparate model structures and inference strategies in a unified language. We formalize several existing techniques from this perspective, including scratchpads / chain of thought, verifiers, STaR, selection-inference, and tool use. We refer to the resulting programs as language model cascades.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CodeT: Code Generation with Generated Tests</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10397">arxiv:2207.10397</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1640 <br>
<p>Bei Chen, Fengji Zhang, Anh Nguyen, Daoguang Zan, Zeqi Lin, Jian-Guang Lou, Weizhu Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Given a programming problem, pre-trained language models such as Codex have demonstrated the ability to generate multiple different code solutions via sampling. However, selecting a correct or best solution from those samples still remains a challenge. While an easy way to verify the correctness of a code solution is through executing test cases, producing high-quality test cases is prohibitively expensive. In this paper, we explore the use of pre-trained language models to automatically generate test cases, calling our method CodeT: Code generation with generated Tests. CodeT executes the code solutions using the generated test cases, and then chooses the best solution based on a dual execution agreement with both the generated test cases and other generated solutions. We evaluate CodeT on five different pre-trained models with both HumanEval and MBPP benchmarks. Extensive experimental results demonstrate CodeT can achieve significant, consistent, and surprising improvements over previous methods. For example, CodeT improves the pass@1 on HumanEval to 65.8%, an increase of absolute 18.8% on the code-davinci-002 model, and an absolute 20+% improvement over previous state-of-the-art results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Neural Race Reduction: Dynamics of Abstraction in Gated Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10430">arxiv:2207.10430</a>
&#x1F4C8; 137 <br>
<p>Andrew M. Saxe, Shagun Sodhani, Sam Lewallen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Our theoretical understanding of deep learning has not kept pace with its empirical success. While network architecture is known to be critical, we do not yet understand its effect on learned representations and network behavior, or how this architecture should reflect task structure.In this work, we begin to address this gap by introducing the Gated Deep Linear Network framework that schematizes how pathways of information flow impact learning dynamics within an architecture. Crucially, because of the gating, these networks can compute nonlinear functions of their input. We derive an exact reduction and, for certain cases, exact solutions to the dynamics of learning. Our analysis demonstrates that the learning dynamics in structured networks can be conceptualized as a neural race with an implicit bias towards shared representations, which then govern the model's ability to systematically generalize, multi-task, and transfer. We validate our key insights on naturalistic datasets and with relaxed assumptions. Taken together, our work gives rise to general hypotheses relating neural architecture to learning and provides a mathematical approach towards understanding the design of more complex architectures and the role of modularity and compositionality in solving real-world problems. The code and results are available at https://www.saxelab.org/gated-dln .

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Unsupervised Hierarchies of Audio Concepts</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.11231">arxiv:2207.11231</a>
&#x1F4C8; 39 <br>
<p>Darius Afchar, Romain Hennequin, Vincent Guigue</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Music signals are difficult to interpret from their low-level features, perhaps even more than images: e.g. highlighting part of a spectrogram or an image is often insufficient to convey high-level ideas that are genuinely relevant to humans. In computer vision, concept learning was therein proposed to adjust explanations to the right abstraction level (e.g. detect clinical concepts from radiographs). These methods have yet to be used for MIR.
  In this paper, we adapt concept learning to the realm of music, with its particularities. For instance, music concepts are typically non-independent and of mixed nature (e.g. genre, instruments, mood), unlike previous work that assumed disentangled concepts. We propose a method to learn numerous music concepts from audio and then automatically hierarchise them to expose their mutual relationships. We conduct experiments on datasets of playlists from a music streaming service, serving as a few annotated examples for diverse concepts. Evaluations show that the mined hierarchies are aligned with both ground-truth hierarchies of concepts -- when available -- and with proxy sources of concept similarity in the general case.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DEVIANT: Depth EquiVarIAnt NeTwork for Monocular 3D Object Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10758">arxiv:2207.10758</a>
&#x1F4C8; 28 <br>
<p>Abhinav Kumar, Garrick Brazil, Enrique Corona, Armin Parchami, Xiaoming Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern neural networks use building blocks such as convolutions that are equivariant to arbitrary 2D translations. However, these vanilla blocks are not equivariant to arbitrary 3D translations in the projective manifold. Even then, all monocular 3D detectors use vanilla blocks to obtain the 3D coordinates, a task for which the vanilla blocks are not designed for. This paper takes the first step towards convolutions equivariant to arbitrary 3D translations in the projective manifold. Since the depth is the hardest to estimate for monocular detection, this paper proposes Depth EquiVarIAnt NeTwork (DEVIANT) built with existing scale equivariant steerable blocks. As a result, DEVIANT is equivariant to the depth translations in the projective manifold whereas vanilla networks are not. The additional depth equivariance forces the DEVIANT to learn consistent depth estimates, and therefore, DEVIANT achieves state-of-the-art monocular 3D detection results on KITTI and Waymo datasets in the image-only category and performs competitively to methods using extra information. Moreover, DEVIANT works better than vanilla networks in cross-dataset evaluation. Code and models at https://github.com/abhi1kumar/DEVIANT

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Proposal for Foley Sound Synthesis Challenge</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10760">arxiv:2207.10760</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Keunwoo Choi, Sangshin Oh, Minsung Kang, Brian McFee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** "Foley" refers to sound effects that are added to multimedia during post-production to enhance its perceived acoustic properties, e.g., by simulating the sounds of footsteps, ambient environmental sounds, or visible objects on the screen. While foley is traditionally produced by foley artists, there is increasing interest in automatic or machine-assisted techniques building upon recent advances in sound synthesis and generative models. To foster more participation in this growing research area, we propose a challenge for automatic foley synthesis. Through case studies on successful previous challenges in audio and machine learning, we set the goals of the proposed challenge: rigorous, unified, and efficient evaluation of different foley synthesis systems, with an overarching goal of drawing active participation from the research community. We outline the details and design considerations of a foley sound synthesis challenge, including task definition, dataset requirements, and evaluation criteria.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Primer on Topological Data Analysis to Support Image Analysis Tasks in Environmental Science</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10552">arxiv:2207.10552</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Lander Ver Hoef, Henry Adams, Emily J. King, Imme Ebert-Uphoff</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Topological data analysis (TDA) is a tool from data science and mathematics that is beginning to make waves in environmental science. In this work, we seek to provide an intuitive and understandable introduction to a tool from TDA that is particularly useful for the analysis of imagery, namely persistent homology. We briefly discuss the theoretical background but focus primarily on understanding the output of this tool and discussing what information it can glean. To this end, we frame our discussion around a guiding example of classifying satellite images from the Sugar, Fish, Flower, and Gravel Dataset produced for the study of mesocale organization of clouds by Rasp et. al. in 2020 (arXiv:1906:01906). We demonstrate how persistent homology and its vectorization, persistence landscapes, can be used in a workflow with a simple machine learning algorithm to obtain good results, and explore in detail how we can explain this behavior in terms of image-level features. One of the core strengths of persistent homology is how interpretable it can be, so throughout this paper we discuss not just the patterns we find, but why those results are to be expected given what we know about the theory of persistent homology. Our goal is that a reader of this paper will leave with a better understanding of TDA and persistent homology, be able to identify problems and datasets of their own for which persistent homology could be helpful, and gain an understanding of results they obtain from applying the included GitHub example code.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Novel Class Discovery without Forgetting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10659">arxiv:2207.10659</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>K J Joseph, Sujoy Paul, Gaurav Aggarwal, Soma Biswas, Piyush Rai, Kai Han, Vineeth N Balasubramanian</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Humans possess an innate ability to identify and differentiate instances that they are not familiar with, by leveraging and adapting the knowledge that they have acquired so far. Importantly, they achieve this without deteriorating the performance on their earlier learning. Inspired by this, we identify and formulate a new, pragmatic problem setting of NCDwF: Novel Class Discovery without Forgetting, which tasks a machine learning model to incrementally discover novel categories of instances from unlabeled data, while maintaining its performance on the previously seen categories. We propose 1) a method to generate pseudo-latent representations which act as a proxy for (no longer available) labeled data, thereby alleviating forgetting, 2) a mutual-information based regularizer which enhances unsupervised discovery of novel classes, and 3) a simple Known Class Identifier which aids generalized inference when the testing data contains instances form both seen and unseen categories. We introduce experimental protocols based on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet-1000 to measure the trade-off between knowledge retention and novel class discovery. Our extensive evaluations reveal that existing models catastrophically forget previously seen categories while identifying novel categories, while our method is able to effectively balance between the competing objectives. We hope our work will attract further research into this newly identified pragmatic problem setting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The MABe22 Benchmarks for Representation Learning of Multi-Agent Behavior</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10553">arxiv:2207.10553</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Jennifer J. Sun, Andrew Ulmer, Dipam Chakraborty, Brian Geuther, Edward Hayes, Heng Jia, Vivek Kumar, Zachary Partridge, Alice Robie, Catherine E. Schretter, Chao Sun, Keith Sheppard, Param Uttarwar, Pietro Perona, Yisong Yue, Kristin Branson, Ann Kennedy</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Real-world behavior is often shaped by complex interactions between multiple agents. To scalably study multi-agent behavior, advances in unsupervised and self-supervised learning have enabled a variety of different behavioral representations to be learned from trajectory data. To date, there does not exist a unified set of benchmarks that can enable comparing methods quantitatively and systematically across a broad set of behavior analysis settings. We aim to address this by introducing a large-scale, multi-agent trajectory dataset from real-world behavioral neuroscience experiments that covers a range of behavior analysis tasks. Our dataset consists of trajectory data from common model organisms, with 9.6 million frames of mouse data and 4.4 million frames of fly data, in a variety of experimental settings, such as different strains, lengths of interaction, and optogenetic stimulation. A subset of the frames also consist of expert-annotated behavior labels. Improvements on our dataset corresponds to behavioral representations that work across multiple organisms and is able to capture differences for common behavior analysis tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NusaCrowd: A Call for Open and Reproducible NLP Research in Indonesian Languages</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10524">arxiv:2207.10524</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Samuel Cahyawijaya, Alham Fikri Aji, Holy Lovenia, Genta Indra Winata, Bryan Wilie, Rahmad Mahendra, Fajri Koto, David Moeljadi, Karissa Vincentio, Ade Romadhony, Ayu Purwarianti</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** At the center of the underlying issues that halt Indonesian natural language processing (NLP) research advancement, we find data scarcity. Resources in Indonesian languages, especially the local ones, are extremely scarce and underrepresented. Many Indonesian researchers do not publish their dataset. Furthermore, the few public datasets that we have are scattered across different platforms, thus makes performing reproducible and data-centric research in Indonesian NLP even more arduous. Rising to this challenge, we initiate the first Indonesian NLP crowdsourcing effort, NusaCrowd. NusaCrowd strives to provide the largest datasheets aggregation with standardized data loading for NLP tasks in all Indonesian languages. By enabling open and centralized access to Indonesian NLP resources, we hope NusaCrowd can tackle the data scarcity problem hindering NLP progress in Indonesia and bring NLP practitioners to move towards collaboration.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast Data Driven Estimation of Cluster Number in Multiplex Images using Embedded Density Outliers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10469">arxiv:2207.10469</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Spencer A. Thomas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The usage of chemical imaging technologies is becoming a routine accompaniment to traditional methods in pathology. Significant technological advances have developed these next generation techniques to provide rich, spatially resolved, multidimensional chemical images. The rise of digital pathology has significantly enhanced the synergy of these imaging modalities with optical microscopy and immunohistochemistry, enhancing our understanding of the biological mechanisms and progression of diseases. Techniques such as imaging mass cytometry provide labelled multidimensional (multiplex) images of specific components used in conjunction with digital pathology techniques. These powerful techniques generate a wealth of high dimensional data that create significant challenges in data analysis. Unsupervised methods such as clustering are an attractive way to analyse these data, however, they require the selection of parameters such as the number of clusters. Here we propose a methodology to estimate the number of clusters in an automatic data-driven manner using a deep sparse autoencoder to embed the data into a lower dimensional space. We compute the density of regions in the embedded space, the majority of which are empty, enabling the high density regions to be detected as outliers and provide an estimate for the number of clusters. This framework provides a fully unsupervised and data-driven method to analyse multidimensional data. In this work we demonstrate our method using 45 multiplex imaging mass cytometry datasets. Moreover, our model is trained using only one of the datasets and the learned embedding is applied to the remaining 44 images providing an efficient process for data analysis. Finally, we demonstrate the high computational efficiency of our method which is two orders of magnitude faster than estimating via computing the sum squared distances as a function of cluster number.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ASR Error Detection via Audio-Transcript entailment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10849">arxiv:2207.10849</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Nimshi Venkat Meripo, Sandeep Konam</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Despite improved performances of the latest Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) systems, transcription errors are still unavoidable. These errors can have a considerable impact in critical domains such as healthcare, when used to help with clinical documentation. Therefore, detecting ASR errors is a critical first step in preventing further error propagation to downstream applications. To this end, we propose a novel end-to-end approach for ASR error detection using audio-transcript entailment. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to frame this problem as an end-to-end entailment task between the audio segment and its corresponding transcript segment. Our intuition is that there should be a bidirectional entailment between audio and transcript when there is no recognition error and vice versa. The proposed model utilizes an acoustic encoder and a linguistic encoder to model the speech and transcript respectively. The encoded representations of both modalities are fused to predict the entailment. Since doctor-patient conversations are used in our experiments, a particular emphasis is placed on medical terms. Our proposed model achieves classification error rates (CER) of 26.2% on all transcription errors and 23% on medical errors specifically, leading to improvements upon a strong baseline by 12% and 15.4%, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploring Fine-Grained Audiovisual Categorization with the SSW60 Dataset</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10664">arxiv:2207.10664</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Grant Van Horn, Rui Qian, Kimberly Wilber, Hartwig Adam, Oisin Mac Aodha, Serge Belongie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a new benchmark dataset, Sapsucker Woods 60 (SSW60), for advancing research on audiovisual fine-grained categorization. While our community has made great strides in fine-grained visual categorization on images, the counterparts in audio and video fine-grained categorization are relatively unexplored. To encourage advancements in this space, we have carefully constructed the SSW60 dataset to enable researchers to experiment with classifying the same set of categories in three different modalities: images, audio, and video. The dataset covers 60 species of birds and is comprised of images from existing datasets, and brand new, expert-curated audio and video datasets. We thoroughly benchmark audiovisual classification performance and modality fusion experiments through the use of state-of-the-art transformer methods. Our findings show that performance of audiovisual fusion methods is better than using exclusively image or audio based methods for the task of video classification. We also present interesting modality transfer experiments, enabled by the unique construction of SSW60 to encompass three different modalities. We hope the SSW60 dataset and accompanying baselines spur research in this fascinating area.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Classifying Crop Types using Gaussian Bayesian Models and Neural Networks on GHISACONUS USGS data from NASA Hyperspectral Satellite Imagery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.11228">arxiv:2207.11228</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Bill Basener</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hyperspectral Imagining is a type of digital imaging in which each pixel contains typically hundreds of wavelengths of light providing spectroscopic information about the materials present in the pixel. In this paper we provide classification methods for determining crop type in the USGS GHISACONUS data, which contains around 7,000 pixel spectra from the five major U.S. agricultural crops (winter wheat, rice, corn, soybeans, and cotton) collected by the NASA Hyperion satellite, and includes the spectrum, geolocation, crop type, and stage of growth for each pixel. We apply standard LDA and QDA as well as Bayesian custom versions that compute the joint probability of crop type and stage, and then the marginal probability for crop type, outperforming the non-Bayesian methods. We also test a single layer neural network with dropout on the data, which performs comparable to LDA and QDA but not as well as the Bayesian methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Focused Decoding Enables 3D Anatomical Detection by Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10774">arxiv:2207.10774</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Bastian Wittmann, Fernando Navarro, Suprosanna Shit, Bjoern Menze</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Detection Transformers represent end-to-end object detection approaches based on a Transformer encoder-decoder architecture, exploiting the attention mechanism for global relation modeling. Although Detection Transformers deliver results on par with or even superior to their highly optimized CNN-based counterparts operating on 2D natural images, their success is closely coupled to access to a vast amount of training data. This, however, restricts the feasibility of employing Detection Transformers in the medical domain, as access to annotated data is typically limited. To tackle this issue and facilitate the advent of medical Detection Transformers, we propose a novel Detection Transformer for 3D anatomical structure detection, dubbed Focused Decoder. Focused Decoder leverages information from an anatomical region atlas to simultaneously deploy query anchors and restrict the cross-attention's field of view to regions of interest, which allows for a precise focus on relevant anatomical structures. We evaluate our proposed approach on two publicly available CT datasets and demonstrate that Focused Decoder not only provides strong detection results and thus alleviates the need for a vast amount of annotated data but also exhibits exceptional and highly intuitive explainability of results via attention weights. Code for Focused Decoder is available in our medical Vision Transformer library github.com/bwittmann/transoar.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Transferable Recommender Approach for Selecting the Best Density Functional Approximations in Chemical Discovery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10747">arxiv:2207.10747</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Chenru Duan, Aditya Nandy, Ralf Meyer, Naveen Arunachalam, Heather J. Kulik</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Approximate density functional theory (DFT) has become indispensable owing to its cost-accuracy trade-off in comparison to more computationally demanding but accurate correlated wavefunction theory. To date, however, no single density functional approximation (DFA) with universal accuracy has been identified, leading to uncertainty in the quality of data generated from DFT. With electron density fitting and transfer learning, we build a DFA recommender that selects the DFA with the lowest expected error with respect to gold standard but cost-prohibitive coupled cluster theory in a system-specific manner. We demonstrate this recommender approach on vertical spin-splitting energy evaluation for challenging transition metal complexes. Our recommender predicts top-performing DFAs and yields excellent accuracy (ca. 2 kcal/mol) for chemical discovery, outperforming both individual transfer learning models and the single best functional in a set of 48 DFAs. We demonstrate the transferability of the DFA recommender to experimentally synthesized compounds with distinct chemistry.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Synthetic Dataset Generation for Adversarial Machine Learning Research</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10719">arxiv:2207.10719</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Xiruo Liu, Shibani Singh, Cory Cornelius, Colin Busho, Mike Tan, Anindya Paul, Jason Martin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing adversarial example research focuses on digitally inserted perturbations on top of existing natural image datasets. This construction of adversarial examples is not realistic because it may be difficult, or even impossible, for an attacker to deploy such an attack in the real-world due to sensing and environmental effects. To better understand adversarial examples against cyber-physical systems, we propose approximating the real-world through simulation. In this paper we describe our synthetic dataset generation tool that enables scalable collection of such a synthetic dataset with realistic adversarial examples. We use the CARLA simulator to collect such a dataset and demonstrate simulated attacks that undergo the same environmental transforms and processing as real-world images. Our tools have been used to collect datasets to help evaluate the efficacy of adversarial examples, and can be found at https://github.com/carla-simulator/carla/pull/4992.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Approximate Differentiable Rendering with Algebraic Surfaces</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10606">arxiv:2207.10606</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Leonid Keselman, Martial Hebert</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Differentiable renderers provide a direct mathematical link between an object's 3D representation and images of that object. In this work, we develop an approximate differentiable renderer for a compact, interpretable representation, which we call Fuzzy Metaballs. Our approximate renderer focuses on rendering shapes via depth maps and silhouettes. It sacrifices fidelity for utility, producing fast runtimes and high-quality gradient information that can be used to solve vision tasks. Compared to mesh-based differentiable renderers, our method has forward passes that are 5x faster and backwards passes that are 30x faster. The depth maps and silhouette images generated by our method are smooth and defined everywhere. In our evaluation of differentiable renderers for pose estimation, we show that our method is the only one comparable to classic techniques. In shape from silhouette, our method performs well using only gradient descent and a per-pixel loss, without any surrogate losses or regularization. These reconstructions work well even on natural video sequences with segmentation artifacts. Project page: https://leonidk.github.io/fuzzy-metaballs

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayesian Recurrent Units and the Forward-Backward Algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10486">arxiv:2207.10486</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Alexandre Bittar, Philip N. Garner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Using Bayes's theorem, we derive a unit-wise recurrence as well as a backward recursion similar to the forward-backward algorithm. The resulting Bayesian recurrent units can be integrated as recurrent neural networks within deep learning frameworks, while retaining a probabilistic interpretation from the direct correspondence with hidden Markov models. Whilst the contribution is mainly theoretical, experiments on speech recognition indicate that adding the derived units at the end of state-of-the-art recurrent architectures can improve the performance at a very low cost in terms of trainable parameters.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Audio Waveform Prior</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10441">arxiv:2207.10441</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Arnon Turetzky, Tzvi Michelson, Yossi Adi, Shmuel Peleg</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Convolutional neural networks contain strong priors for generating natural looking images [1]. These priors enable image denoising, super resolution, and inpainting in an unsupervised manner. Previous attempts to demonstrate similar ideas in audio, namely deep audio priors, (i) use hand picked architectures such as harmonic convolutions, (ii) only work with spectrogram input, and (iii) have been used mostly for eliminating Gaussian noise [2]. In this work we show that existing SOTA architectures for audio source separation contain deep priors even when working with the raw waveform. Deep priors can be discovered by training a neural network to generate a single corrupted signal when given white noise as input. A network with relevant deep priors is likely to generate a cleaner version of the signal before converging on the corrupted signal. We demonstrate this restoration effect with several corruptions: background noise, reverberations, and a gap in the signal (audio inpainting).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Knowledge-enhanced Black-box Attacks for Recommendations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10307">arxiv:2207.10307</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Jingfan Chen, Wenqi Fan, Guanghui Zhu, Xiangyu Zhao, Chunfeng Yuan, Qing Li, Yihua Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent studies have shown that deep neural networks-based recommender systems are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, where attackers can inject carefully crafted fake user profiles (i.e., a set of items that fake users have interacted with) into a target recommender system to achieve malicious purposes, such as promote or demote a set of target items. Due to the security and privacy concerns, it is more practical to perform adversarial attacks under the black-box setting, where the architecture/parameters and training data of target systems cannot be easily accessed by attackers. However, generating high-quality fake user profiles under black-box setting is rather challenging with limited resources to target systems. To address this challenge, in this work, we introduce a novel strategy by leveraging items' attribute information (i.e., items' knowledge graph), which can be publicly accessible and provide rich auxiliary knowledge to enhance the generation of fake user profiles. More specifically, we propose a knowledge graph-enhanced black-box attacking framework (KGAttack) to effectively learn attacking policies through deep reinforcement learning techniques, in which knowledge graph is seamlessly integrated into hierarchical policy networks to generate fake user profiles for performing adversarial black-box attacks. Comprehensive experiments on various real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed attacking framework under the black-box setting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Just Rotate it: Deploying Backdoor Attacks via Rotation Transformation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10825">arxiv:2207.10825</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tong Wu, Tianhao Wang, Vikash Sehwag, Saeed Mahloujifar, Prateek Mittal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent works have demonstrated that deep learning models are vulnerable to backdoor poisoning attacks, where these attacks instill spurious correlations to external trigger patterns or objects (e.g., stickers, sunglasses, etc.). We find that such external trigger signals are unnecessary, as highly effective backdoors can be easily inserted using rotation-based image transformation. Our method constructs the poisoned dataset by rotating a limited amount of objects and labeling them incorrectly; once trained with it, the victim's model will make undesirable predictions during run-time inference. It exhibits a significantly high attack success rate while maintaining clean performance through comprehensive empirical studies on image classification and object detection tasks. Furthermore, we evaluate standard data augmentation techniques and four different backdoor defenses against our attack and find that none of them can serve as a consistent mitigation approach. Our attack can be easily deployed in the real world since it only requires rotating the object, as we show in both image classification and object detection applications. Overall, our work highlights a new, simple, physically realizable, and highly effective vector for backdoor attacks. Our video demo is available at https://youtu.be/6JIF8wnX34M.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Delayed Feedback in Generalised Linear Bandits Revisited</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10786">arxiv:2207.10786</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Benjamin Howson, Ciara Pike-Burke, Sarah Filippi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The stochastic generalised linear bandit is a well-understood model for sequential decision-making problems, with many algorithms achieving near-optimal regret guarantees under immediate feedback. However, in many real world settings, the requirement that the reward is observed immediately is not applicable. In this setting, standard algorithms are no longer theoretically understood. We study the phenomenon of delayed rewards in a theoretical manner by introducing a delay between selecting an action and receiving the reward. Subsequently, we show that an algorithm based on the optimistic principle improves on existing approaches for this setting by eliminating the need for prior knowledge of the delay distribution and relaxing assumptions on the decision set and the delays. This also leads to improving the regret guarantees from $ \widetilde O(\sqrt{dT}\sqrt{d + \mathbb{E}[τ]})$ to $ \widetilde O(d\sqrt{T} + d^{3/2}\mathbb{E}[τ])$, where $\mathbb{E}[τ]$ denotes the expected delay, $d$ is the dimension and $T$ the time horizon and we have suppressed logarithmic terms. We verify our theoretical results through experiments on simulated data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Physics from the Machine: An Interpretable Boosted Decision Tree Analysis for the Majorana Demonstrator</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10710">arxiv:2207.10710</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>I. J. Arnquist, F. T. Avignone III, A. S. Barabash, C. J. Barton, K. H. Bhimani, E. Blalock, B. Bos, M. Busch, M. Buuck, T. S. Caldwell, Y-D. Chan, C. D. Christofferson, P. -H. Chu, M. L. Clark, C. Cuesta, J. A. Detwiler, Yu. Efremenko, S. R. Elliott, G. K. Giovanetti, M. P. Green, J. Gruszko, I. S. Guinn, V. E. Guiseppe, C. R. Haufe, R. Henning</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The Majorana Demonstrator is a leading experiment searching for neutrinoless double-beta decay with high purity germanium detectors (HPGe). Machine learning provides a new way to maximize the amount of information provided by these detectors, but the data-driven nature makes it less interpretable compared to traditional analysis. An interpretability study reveals the machine's decision-making logic, allowing us to learn from the machine to feedback to the traditional analysis. In this work, we have presented the first machine learning analysis of the data from the Majorana Demonstrator; this is also the first interpretable machine learning analysis of any germanium detector experiment. Two gradient boosted decision tree models are trained to learn from the data, and a game-theory-based model interpretability study is conducted to understand the origin of the classification power. By learning from data, this analysis recognizes the correlations among reconstruction parameters to further enhance the background rejection performance. By learning from the machine, this analysis reveals the importance of new background categories to reciprocally benefit the standard Majorana analysis. This model is highly compatible with next-generation germanium detector experiments like LEGEND since it can be simultaneously trained on a large number of detectors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>R2P: A Deep Learning Model from mmWave Radar to Point Cloud</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10690">arxiv:2207.10690</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yue Sun, Honggang Zhang, Zhuoming Huang, Benyuan Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent research has shown the effectiveness of mmWave radar sensing for object detection in low visibility environments, which makes it an ideal technique in autonomous navigation systems. In this paper, we introduce Radar to Point Cloud (R2P), a deep learning model that generates smooth, dense, and highly accurate point cloud representation of a 3D object with fine geometry details, based on rough and sparse point clouds with incorrect points obtained from mmWave radar. These input point clouds are converted from the 2D depth images that are generated from raw mmWave radar sensor data, characterized by inconsistency, and orientation and shape errors. R2P utilizes an architecture of two sequential deep learning encoder-decoder blocks to extract the essential features of those radar-based input point clouds of an object when observed from multiple viewpoints, and to ensure the internal consistency of a generated output point cloud and its accurate and detailed shape reconstruction of the original object. We implement R2P to replace Stage 2 of our recently proposed 3DRIMR (3D Reconstruction and Imaging via mmWave Radar) system. Our experiments demonstrate the significant performance improvement of R2P over the popular existing methods such as PointNet, PCN, and the original 3DRIMR design.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ME-GAN: Learning Panoptic Electrocardio Representations for Multi-view ECG Synthesis Conditioned on Heart Diseases</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10670">arxiv:2207.10670</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jintai Chen, Kuanlun Liao, Kun Wei, Haochao Ying, Danny Z. Chen, Jian Wu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Electrocardiogram (ECG) is a widely used non-invasive diagnostic tool for heart diseases. Many studies have devised ECG analysis models (e.g., classifiers) to assist diagnosis. As an upstream task, researches have built generative models to synthesize ECG data, which are beneficial to providing training samples, privacy protection, and annotation reduction. However, previous generative methods for ECG often neither synthesized multi-view data, nor dealt with heart disease conditions. In this paper, we propose a novel disease-aware generative adversarial network for multi-view ECG synthesis called ME-GAN, which attains panoptic electrocardio representations conditioned on heart diseases and projects the representations onto multiple standard views to yield ECG signals. Since ECG manifestations of heart diseases are often localized in specific waveforms, we propose a new "mixup normalization" to inject disease information precisely into suitable locations. In addition, we propose a view discriminator to revert disordered ECG views into a pre-determined order, supervising the generator to obtain ECG representing correct view characteristics. Besides, a new metric, rFID, is presented to assess the quality of the synthesized ECG signals. Comprehensive experiments verify that our ME-GAN performs well on multi-view ECG signal synthesis with trusty morbid manifestations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Learning of Radiative Atmospheric Transfer with an Autoencoder</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10650">arxiv:2207.10650</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Abigail Basener, Bill Basener</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As electro-optical energy from the sun propagates through the atmosphere it is affected by radiative transfer effects including absorption, emission, and scattering. Modeling these affects is essential for scientific remote sensing measurements of the earth and atmosphere. For example, hyperspectral imagery is a form of digital imagery collected with many, often hundreds, of wavelengths of light in pixel. The amount of light measured at the sensor is the result of emitted sunlight, atmospheric radiative transfer, and the reflectance off the materials on the ground, all of which vary per wavelength resulting from multiple physical phenomena. Therefore measurements of the ground spectra or atmospheric constituents requires separating these different contributions per wavelength. In this paper, we create an autoencoder similar to denoising autoencoders treating the atmospheric affects as 'noise' and ground reflectance as truth per spectrum. We generate hundreds of thousands of training samples by taking random samples of spectra from laboratory measurements and adding atmospheric affects using physics-based modelling via MODTRAN (http://modtran.spectral.com/modtran\_home) by varying atmospheric inputs. This process ideally could create an autoencoder that would separate atmospheric effects and ground reflectance in hyperspectral imagery, a process called atmospheric compensation which is difficult and time-consuming requiring a combination of heuristic approximations, estimates of physical quantities, and physical modelling. While the accuracy of our method is not as good as other methods in the field, this an important first step in applying the growing field of deep learning of physical principles to atmospheric compensation in hyperspectral imagery and remote sensing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimal precision for GANs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10541">arxiv:2207.10541</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Thibaut Issenhuth, Ugo Tanielian, Jérémie Mary, David Picard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** When learning disconnected distributions, Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are known to face model misspecification. Indeed, a continuous mapping from a unimodal latent distribution to a disconnected one is impossible, so GANs necessarily generate samples outside of the support of the target distribution. This raises a fundamental question: what is the latent space partition that minimizes the measure of these areas? Building on a recent result of geometric measure theory, we prove that an optimal GANs must structure its latent space as a 'simplicial cluster' - a Voronoi partition where cells are convex cones - when the dimension of the latent space is larger than the number of modes. In this configuration, each Voronoi cell maps to a distinct mode of the data. We derive both an upper and a lower bound on the optimal precision of GANs learning disconnected manifolds. Interestingly, these two bounds have the same order of decrease: $\sqrt{\log m}$, $m$ being the number of modes. Finally, we perform several experiments to exhibit the geometry of the latent space and experimentally show that GANs have a geometry with similar properties to the theoretical one.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural Network Learning of Chemical Bond Representations in Spectral Indices and Features</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10530">arxiv:2207.10530</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Bill Basener</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we investigate neural networks for classification in hyperspectral imaging with a focus on connecting the architecture of the network with the physics of the sensing and materials present. Spectroscopy is the process of measuring light reflected or emitted by a material as a function wavelength. Molecular bonds present in the material have vibrational frequencies which affect the amount of light measured at each wavelength. Thus the measured spectrum contains information about the particular chemical constituents and types of bonds. For example, chlorophyll reflects more light in the near-IR rage (800-900nm) than in the red (625-675nm) range, and this difference can be measured using a normalized vegetation difference index (NDVI), which is commonly used to detect vegetation presence, health, and type in imagery collected at these wavelengths. In this paper we show that the weights in a Neural Network trained on different vegetation classes learn to measure this difference in reflectance. We then show that a Neural Network trained on a more complex set of ten different polymer materials will learn spectral 'features' evident in the weights for the network, and these features can be used to reliably distinguish between the different types of polymers. Examination of the weights provides a human-interpretable understanding of the network.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A cost effective eye movement tracker based wheel chair control algorithm for people with paraplegia</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10511">arxiv:2207.10511</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Skanda Upadhyaya, Shravan Bhat, Siddhanth P. Rao, V Ashwin, Krishnan Chemmangat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spinal cord injuries can often lead to quadriplegia in patients limiting their mobility. Wheelchairs could be a good proposition for patients, but most of them operate either manually or with the help of electric motors operated with a joystick. This, however, requires the use of hands, making it unsuitable for quadriplegic patients. Controlling eye movement, on the other hand, is retained even by people who undergo brain injury. Monitoring the movements in the eye can be a helpful tool in generating control signals for the wheelchair. This paper is an approach to converting obtained signals from the eye into meaningful signals by trying to control a bot that imitates a wheelchair. The overall system is cost-effective and uses simple image processing and pattern recognition to control the bot. An android application is developed, which could be used by the patients' aid for more refined control of the wheelchair in the actual scenario.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Metropolis Monte Carlo sampling: convergence, localization transition and optimality</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10488">arxiv:2207.10488</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Alexei D. Chepelianskii, Satya N. Majumdar, Hendrik Schawe, Emmanuel Trizac</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Among random sampling methods, Markov Chain Monte Carlo algorithms are foremost. Using a combination of analytical and numerical approaches, we study their convergence properties towards the steady state, within a random walk Metropolis scheme. We show that the deviations from the target steady-state distribution feature a localization transition as a function of the characteristic length of the attempted jumps defining the random walk. This transition changes drastically the error which is introduced by incomplete convergence, and discriminates two regimes where the relaxation mechanism is limited respectively by diffusion and by rejection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Estimation of Non-Crossing Quantile Regression Process with Deep ReQU Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10442">arxiv:2207.10442</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Guohao Shen, Yuling Jiao, Yuanyuan Lin, Joel L. Horowitz, Jian Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a penalized nonparametric approach to estimating the quantile regression process (QRP) in a nonseparable model using rectifier quadratic unit (ReQU) activated deep neural networks and introduce a novel penalty function to enforce non-crossing of quantile regression curves. We establish the non-asymptotic excess risk bounds for the estimated QRP and derive the mean integrated squared error for the estimated QRP under mild smoothness and regularity conditions. To establish these non-asymptotic risk and estimation error bounds, we also develop a new error bound for approximating $C^s$ smooth functions with $s >0$ and their derivatives using ReQU activated neural networks. This is a new approximation result for ReQU networks and is of independent interest and may be useful in other problems. Our numerical experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is competitive with or outperforms two existing methods, including methods using reproducing kernels and random forests, for nonparametric quantile regression.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Land Classification in Satellite Images by Injecting Traditional Features to CNN Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10368">arxiv:2207.10368</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mehmet Cagri Aksoy, Beril Sirmacek, Cem Unsalan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning methods have been successfully applied to remote sensing problems for several years. Among these methods, CNN based models have high accuracy in solving the land classification problem using satellite or aerial images. Although these models have high accuracy, this generally comes with large memory size requirements. On the other hand, it is desirable to have small-sized models for applications, such as the ones implemented on unmanned aerial vehicles, with low memory space. Unfortunately, small-sized CNN models do not provide high accuracy as with their large-sized versions. In this study, we propose a novel method to improve the accuracy of CNN models, especially the ones with small size, by injecting traditional features to them. To test the effectiveness of the proposed method, we applied it to the CNN models SqueezeNet, MobileNetV2, ShuffleNetV2, VGG16, and ResNet50V2 having size 0.5 MB to 528 MB. We used the sample mean, gray level co-occurrence matrix features, Hu moments, local binary patterns, histogram of oriented gradients, and color invariants as traditional features for injection. We tested the proposed method on the EuroSAT dataset to perform land classification. Our experimental results show that the proposed method significantly improves the land classification accuracy especially when applied to small-sized CNN models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Toward a Generic Mapping Language for Transformations between RDF and Data Interchange Formats</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.11205">arxiv:2207.11205</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Aljosha Köcher, Artan Markaj, Alexander Fay</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While there exist approaches to integrate heterogeneous data using semantic models, such semantic models can typically not be used by existing software tools. Many software tools - especially in engineering - only have options to import and export data in more established data interchange formats such as XML or JSON. Thus, if an information which is included in a semantic model needs to be used in a such a software tool, automatic approaches for mapping semantic information into an interchange format are needed. We aim to develop a generic mapping approach that allows users to create transformations of semantic information into a data interchange format with an arbitrary structure which can be defined by a user. This mapping approach is currently being elaborated. In this contribution, we report our initial steps targeted to transformations from RDF into XML. At first, a mapping language is introduced which allows to define automated mappings from ontologies to XML. Furthermore, a mapping algorithm capable of executing mappings defined in this language is presented. An evaluation is done with a use case in which engineering information needs to be used in a 3D modeling tool.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Assessing mortality prediction through different representation models based on concepts extracted from clinical notes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10872">arxiv:2207.10872</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Hoda Memarzadeh, Nasser Ghadiri, Maryam Lotfi Shahreza</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent years have seen particular interest in using electronic medical records (EMRs) for secondary purposes to enhance the quality and safety of healthcare delivery. EMRs tend to contain large amounts of valuable clinical notes. Learning of embedding is a method for converting notes into a format that makes them comparable. Transformer-based representation models have recently made a great leap forward. These models are pre-trained on large online datasets to understand natural language texts effectively. The quality of a learning embedding is influenced by how clinical notes are used as input to representation models. A clinical note has several sections with different levels of information value. It is also common for healthcare providers to use different expressions for the same concept. Existing methods use clinical notes directly or with an initial preprocessing as input to representation models. However, to learn a good embedding, we identified the most essential clinical notes section. We then mapped the extracted concepts from selected sections to the standard names in the Unified Medical Language System (UMLS). We used the standard phrases corresponding to the unique concepts as input for clinical models. We performed experiments to measure the usefulness of the learned embedding vectors in the task of hospital mortality prediction on a subset of the publicly available Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care (MIMIC-III) dataset. According to the experiments, clinical transformer-based representation models produced better results with getting input generated by standard names of extracted unique concepts compared to other input formats. The best-performing models were BioBERT, PubMedBERT, and UmlsBERT, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Strategising template-guided needle placement for MR-targeted prostate biopsy</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10784">arxiv:2207.10784</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Iani JMB Gayo, Shaheer U. Saeed, Dean C. Barratt, Matthew J. Clarkson, Yipeng Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Clinically significant prostate cancer has a better chance to be sampled during ultrasound-guided biopsy procedures, if suspected lesions found in pre-operative magnetic resonance (MR) images are used as targets. However, the diagnostic accuracy of the biopsy procedure is limited by the operator-dependent skills and experience in sampling the targets, a sequential decision making process that involves navigating an ultrasound probe and placing a series of sampling needles for potentially multiple targets. This work aims to learn a reinforcement learning (RL) policy that optimises the actions of continuous positioning of 2D ultrasound views and biopsy needles with respect to a guiding template, such that the MR targets can be sampled efficiently and sufficiently. We first formulate the task as a Markov decision process (MDP) and construct an environment that allows the targeting actions to be performed virtually for individual patients, based on their anatomy and lesions derived from MR images. A patient-specific policy can thus be optimised, before each biopsy procedure, by rewarding positive sampling in the MDP environment. Experiment results from fifty four prostate cancer patients show that the proposed RL-learned policies obtained a mean hit rate of 93% and an average cancer core length of 11 mm, which compared favourably to two alternative baseline strategies designed by humans, without hand-engineered rewards that directly maximise these clinically relevant metrics. Perhaps more interestingly, it is found that the RL agents learned strategies that were adaptive to the lesion size, where spread of the needles was prioritised for smaller lesions. Such a strategy has not been previously reported or commonly adopted in clinical practice, but led to an overall superior targeting performance when compared with intuitively designed strategies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An advanced combination of semi-supervised Normalizing Flow & Yolo (YoloNF) to detect and recognize vehicle license plates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10777">arxiv:2207.10777</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Khalid Oublal, Xinyi Dai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Fully Automatic License Plate Recognition (ALPR) has been a frequent research topic due to several practical applications. However, many of the current solutions are still not robust enough in real situations, commonly depending on many constraints. This paper presents a robust and efficient ALPR system based on the state-of-the-art YOLO object detector and Normalizing flows. The model uses two new strategies. Firstly, a two-stage network using YOLO and a normalization flow-based model for normalization to detect Licenses Plates (LP) and recognize the LP with numbers and Arabic characters. Secondly, Multi-scale image transformations are implemented to provide a solution to the problem of the YOLO cropped LP detection including significant background noise. Furthermore, extensive experiments are led on a new dataset with realistic scenarios, we introduce a larger public annotated dataset collected from Moroccan plates. We demonstrate that our proposed model can learn on a small number of samples free of single or multiple characters. The dataset will also be made publicly available to encourage further studies and research on plate detection and recognition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A machine learning based approach to gravitational lens identification with the International LOFAR Telescope</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10698">arxiv:2207.10698</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>S. Rezaei, J. P. McKean, M. Biehl, W. de Roo1, A. Lafontaine</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a novel machine learning based approach for detecting galaxy-scale gravitational lenses from interferometric data, specifically those taken with the International LOFAR Telescope (ILT), which is observing the northern radio sky at a frequency of 150 MHz, an angular resolution of 350 mas and a sensitivity of 90 uJy beam-1 (1 sigma). We develop and test several Convolutional Neural Networks to determine the probability and uncertainty of a given sample being classified as a lensed or non-lensed event. By training and testing on a simulated interferometric imaging data set that includes realistic lensed and non-lensed radio sources, we find that it is possible to recover 95.3 per cent of the lensed samples (true positive rate), with a contamination of just 0.008 per cent from non-lensed samples (false positive rate). Taking the expected lensing probability into account results in a predicted sample purity for lensed events of 92.2 per cent. We find that the network structure is most robust when the maximum image separation between the lensed images is greater than 3 times the synthesized beam size, and the lensed images have a total flux density that is equivalent to at least a 20 sigma (point-source) detection. For the ILT, this corresponds to a lens sample with Einstein radii greater than 0.5 arcsec and a radio source population with 150 MHz flux densities more than 2 mJy. By applying these criteria and our lens detection algorithm we expect to discover the vast majority of galaxy-scale gravitational lens systems contained within the LOFAR Two Metre Sky Survey.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Dynamical Systems Algorithm for Clustering in Hyperspectral Imagery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10625">arxiv:2207.10625</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>William F. Basener, Alexey Castrodad, David Messinger, Jennifer Mahle, Paul Prue</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we present a new dynamical systems algorithm for clustering in hyperspectral images. The main idea of the algorithm is that data points are pushed\' in the direction of increasing density and groups of pixels that end up in the same dense regions belong to the same class. This is essentially a numerical solution of the differential equation defined by the gradient of the density of data points on the data manifold. The number of classes is automated and the resulting clustering can be extremely accurate. In addition to providing a accurate clustering, this algorithm presents a new tool for understanding hyperspectral data in high dimensions. We evaluate the algorithm on the Urban (Available at www.tec.ary.mil/Hypercube/) scene comparing performance against the k-means algorithm using pre-identified classes of materials as ground truth.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Online Localisation and Colored Mesh Reconstruction Architecture for 3D Visual Feedback in Robotic Exploration Missions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10489">arxiv:2207.10489</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Quentin Serdel, Christophe Grand, Julien Marzat, Julien Moras</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper introduces an Online Localisation and Colored Mesh Reconstruction (OLCMR) ROS perception architecture for ground exploration robots aiming to perform robust Simultaneous Localisation And Mapping (SLAM) in challenging unknown environments and provide an associated colored 3D mesh representation in real time. It is intended to be used by a remote human operator to easily visualise the mapped environment during or after the mission or as a development base for further researches in the field of exploration robotics. The architecture is mainly composed of carefully-selected open-source ROS implementations of a LiDAR-based SLAM algorithm alongside a colored surface reconstruction procedure using a point cloud and RGB camera images projected into the 3D space. The overall performances are evaluated on the Newer College handheld LiDAR-Vision reference dataset and on two experimental trajectories gathered on board of representative wheeled robots in respectively urban and countryside outdoor environments. Index Terms: Field Robots, Mapping, SLAM, Colored Surface Reconstruction

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LPYOLO: Low Precision YOLO for Face Detection on FPGA</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10482">arxiv:2207.10482</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Bestami Günay, Sefa Burak Okcu, Hasan Şakir Bilge</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, number of edge computing devices and artificial intelligence applications on them have advanced excessively. In edge computing, decision making processes and computations are moved from servers to edge devices. Hence, cheap and low power devices are required. FPGAs are very low power, inclined to do parallel operations and deeply suitable devices for running Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) which are the fundamental unit of an artificial intelligence application. Face detection on surveillance systems is the most expected application on the security market. In this work, TinyYolov3 architecture is redesigned and deployed for face detection. It is a CNN based object detection method and developed for embedded systems. PYNQ-Z2 is selected as a target board which has low-end Xilinx Zynq 7020 System-on-Chip (SoC) on it. Redesigned TinyYolov3 model is defined in numerous bit width precisions with Brevitas library which brings fundamental CNN layers and activations in integer quantized form. Then, the model is trained in a quantized structure with WiderFace dataset. In order to decrease latency and power consumption, onchip memory of the FPGA is configured as a storage of whole network parameters and the last activation function is modified as rescaled HardTanh instead of Sigmoid. Also, high degree of parallelism is applied to logical resources of the FPGA. The model is converted to an HLS based application with using FINN framework and FINN-HLS library which includes the layer definitions in C++. Later, the model is synthesized and deployed. CPU of the SoC is employed with multithreading mechanism and responsible for preprocessing, postprocessing and TCP/IP streaming operations. Consequently, 2.4 Watt total board power consumption, 18 Frames-Per-Second (FPS) throughput and 0.757 mAP accuracy rate on Easy category of the WiderFace are achieved with 4 bits precision model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sequence Models for Drone vs Bird Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10409">arxiv:2207.10409</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Fatih Cagatay Akyon, Erdem Akagunduz, Sinan Onur Altinuc, Alptekin Temizel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Drone detection has become an essential task in object detection as drone costs have decreased and drone technology has improved. It is, however, difficult to detect distant drones when there is weak contrast, long range, and low visibility. In this work, we propose several sequence classification architectures to reduce the detected false-positive ratio of drone tracks. Moreover, we propose a new drone vs. bird sequence classification dataset to train and evaluate the proposed architectures. 3D CNN, LSTM, and Transformer based sequence classification architectures have been trained on the proposed dataset to show the effectiveness of the proposed idea. As experiments show, using sequence information, bird classification and overall F1 scores can be increased by up to 73% and 35%, respectively. Among all sequence classification models, R(2+1)D-based fully convolutional model yields the best transfer learning and fine-tuning results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Error Compensation Framework for Flow-Guided Video Inpainting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10391">arxiv:2207.10391</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jaeyeon Kang, Seoung Wug Oh, Seon Joo Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The key to video inpainting is to use correlation information from as many reference frames as possible. Existing flow-based propagation methods split the video synthesis process into multiple steps: flow completion -> pixel propagation -> synthesis. However, there is a significant drawback that the errors in each step continue to accumulate and amplify in the next step. To this end, we propose an Error Compensation Framework for Flow-guided Video Inpainting (ECFVI), which takes advantage of the flow-based method and offsets its weaknesses. We address the weakness with the newly designed flow completion module and the error compensation network that exploits the error guidance map. Our approach greatly improves the temporal consistency and the visual quality of the completed videos. Experimental results show the superior performance of our proposed method with the speed up of x6, compared to the state-of-the-art methods. In addition, we present a new benchmark dataset for evaluation by supplementing the weaknesses of existing test datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unimodal vs. Multimodal Siamese Networks for Outfit Completion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10355">arxiv:2207.10355</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mariya Hendriksen, Viggo Overes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The popularity of online fashion shopping continues to grow. The ability to offer an effective recommendation to customers is becoming increasingly important. In this work, we focus on Fashion Outfits Challenge, part of SIGIR 2022 Workshop on eCommerce. The challenge is centered around Fill in the Blank (FITB) task that implies predicting the missing outfit, given an incomplete outfit and a list of candidates. In this paper, we focus on applying siamese networks on the task. More specifically, we explore how combining information from multiple modalities (textual and visual modality) impacts the performance of the model on the task. We evaluate our model on the test split provided by the challenge organizers and the test split with gold assignments that we created during the development phase. We discover that using both visual, and visual and textual data demonstrates promising results on the task. We conclude by suggesting directions for further improvement of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Search of Multiple Neural Architectures with Different Complexities via Importance Sampling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10334">arxiv:2207.10334</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yuhei Noda, Shota Saito, Shinichi Shirakawa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural architecture search (NAS) aims to automate architecture design processes and improve the performance of deep neural networks. Platform-aware NAS methods consider both performance and complexity and can find well-performing architectures with low computational resources. Although ordinary NAS methods result in tremendous computational costs owing to the repetition of model training, one-shot NAS, which trains the weights of a supernetwork containing all candidate architectures only once during the search process, has been reported to result in a lower search cost. This study focuses on the architecture complexity-aware one-shot NAS that optimizes the objective function composed of the weighted sum of two metrics, such as the predictive performance and number of parameters. In existing methods, the architecture search process must be run multiple times with different coefficients of the weighted sum to obtain multiple architectures with different complexities. This study aims at reducing the search cost associated with finding multiple architectures. The proposed method uses multiple distributions to generate architectures with different complexities and updates each distribution using the samples obtained from multiple distributions based on importance sampling. The proposed method allows us to obtain multiple architectures with different complexities in a single architecture search, resulting in reducing the search cost. The proposed method is applied to the architecture search of convolutional neural networks on the CIAFR-10 and ImageNet datasets. Consequently, compared with baseline methods, the proposed method finds multiple architectures with varying complexities while requiring less computational effort.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved Generative Model for Weakly Supervised Chest Anomaly Localization via Pseudo-paired Registration with Bilaterally Symmetrical Data Augmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10324">arxiv:2207.10324</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Kyung-Su Kim, Seong Je Oh, Tae Uk Kim, Myung Jin Chung</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Image translation based on a generative adversarial network (GAN-IT) is a promising method for precise localization of abnormal regions in chest X-ray images (AL-CXR). However, heterogeneous unpaired datasets undermine existing methods to extract key features and distinguish normal from abnormal cases, resulting in inaccurate and unstable AL-CXR. To address this problem, we propose an improved two-stage GAN-IT involving registration and data augmentation. For the first stage, we introduce an invertible deep-learning-based registration technique that virtually and reasonably converts unpaired data into paired data for learning registration maps. This novel approach achieves high registration performance. For the second stage, we apply data augmentation to diversify anomaly locations by swapping the left and right lung regions on the uniform registered frames, further improving the performance by alleviating imbalance in data distribution showing left and right lung lesions. Our method is intended for application to existing GAN-IT models, allowing existing architecture to benefit from key features for translation. By showing that the AL-CXR performance is uniformly improved when applying the proposed method, we believe that GAN-IT for AL-CXR can be deployed in clinical environments, even if learning data are scarce.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Complementing Semi-Supervised Learning with Uncertainty Quantification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.12131">arxiv:2207.12131</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ehsan Kazemi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The problem of fully supervised classification is that it requires a tremendous amount of annotated data, however, in many datasets a large portion of data is unlabeled. To alleviate this problem semi-supervised learning (SSL) leverages the knowledge of the classifier on the labeled domain and extrapolates it to the unlabeled domain which has a supposedly similar distribution as annotated data. Recent success on SSL methods crucially hinges on thresholded pseudo labeling and thereby consistency regularization for the unlabeled domain. However, the existing methods do not incorporate the uncertainty of the pseudo labels or unlabeled samples in the training process which are due to the noisy labels or out of distribution samples owing to strong augmentations. Inspired by the recent developments in SSL, our goal in this paper is to propose a novel unsupervised uncertainty-aware objective that relies on aleatoric and epistemic uncertainty quantification. Complementing the recent techniques in SSL with the proposed uncertainty-aware loss function our approach outperforms or is on par with the state-of-the-art over standard SSL benchmarks while being computationally lightweight. Our results outperform the state-of-the-art results on complex datasets such as CIFAR-100 and Mini-ImageNet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Inference of Regulatory Networks Through Temporally Sparse Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.12124">arxiv:2207.12124</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mohammad Alali, Mahdi Imani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A major goal in genomics is to properly capture the complex dynamical behaviors of gene regulatory networks (GRNs). This includes inferring the complex interactions between genes, which can be used for a wide range of genomics analyses, including diagnosis or prognosis of diseases and finding effective treatments for chronic diseases such as cancer. Boolean networks have emerged as a successful class of models for capturing the behavior of GRNs. In most practical settings, inference of GRNs should be achieved through limited and temporally sparse genomics data. A large number of genes in GRNs leads to a large possible topology candidate space, which often cannot be exhaustively searched due to the limitation in computational resources. This paper develops a scalable and efficient topology inference for GRNs using Bayesian optimization and kernel-based methods. Rather than an exhaustive search over possible topologies, the proposed method constructs a Gaussian Process (GP) with a topology-inspired kernel function to account for correlation in the likelihood function. Then, using the posterior distribution of the GP model, the Bayesian optimization efficiently searches for the topology with the highest likelihood value by optimally balancing between exploration and exploitation. The performance of the proposed method is demonstrated through comprehensive numerical experiments using a well-known mammalian cell-cycle network.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Graph-Friendly COCO Metric Computation for Train-Time Model Evaluation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.12120">arxiv:2207.12120</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Luke Wood, Francois Chollet</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Evaluating the COCO mean average precision (MaP) and COCO recall metrics as part of the static computation graph of modern deep learning frameworks poses a unique set of challenges. These challenges include the need for maintaining a dynamic-sized state to compute mean average precision, reliance on global dataset-level statistics to compute the metrics, and managing differing numbers of bounding boxes between images in a batch. As a consequence, it is common practice for researchers and practitioners to evaluate COCO metrics as a post training evaluation step. With a graph-friendly algorithm to compute COCO Mean Average Precision and recall, these metrics could be evaluated at training time, improving visibility into the evolution of the metrics through training curve plots, and decreasing iteration time when prototyping new model versions.
  Our contributions include an accurate approximation algorithm for Mean Average Precision, an open source implementation of both COCO mean average precision and COCO recall, extensive numerical benchmarks to verify the accuracy of our implementations, and an open-source training loop that include train-time evaluation of mean average precision and recall.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Target Identification and Bayesian Model Averaging with Probabilistic Hierarchical Factor Probabilities</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.11212">arxiv:2207.11212</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>William Basener</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Target detection in hyperspectral imagery is the process of locating pixels from an image which are likely to contain target, typically done by comparing one or more spectra for the desired target material to each pixel in the image. Target identification is the process of target detection incorporating an additional process to identify more specifically the material that is present in each pixel that scored high in detection. Detection is generally a 2-class problem of target vs. background, and identification is a many class problem including target, background, and additional know materials. The identification process we present is probabilistic and hierarchical which provides transparency to the process and produces trustworthy output. In this paper we show that target identification has a much lower false alarm rate than detection alone, and provide a detailed explanation of a robust identification method using probabilistic hierarchical classification that handles the vague categories of materials that depend on users which are different than the specific physical categories of chemical constituents. Identification is often done by comparing mixtures of materials including the target spectra to mixtures of materials that do not include the target spectra, possibly with other steps. (band combinations, feature checking, background removal, etc.) Standard linear regression does not handle these problems well because the number of regressors (identification spectra) is greater than the number of feature variables (bands), and there are multiple correlated spectra. Our proposed method handles these challenges efficiently and provides additional important practical information in the form of hierarchical probabilities computed from Bayesian model averaging.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimizing Image Compression via Joint Learning with Denoising</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10869">arxiv:2207.10869</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ka Leong Cheng, Yueqi Xie, Qifeng Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** High levels of noise usually exist in today's captured images due to the relatively small sensors equipped in the smartphone cameras, where the noise brings extra challenges to lossy image compression algorithms. Without the capacity to tell the difference between image details and noise, general image compression methods allocate additional bits to explicitly store the undesired image noise during compression and restore the unpleasant noisy image during decompression. Based on the observations, we optimize the image compression algorithm to be noise-aware as joint denoising and compression to resolve the bits misallocation problem. The key is to transform the original noisy images to noise-free bits by eliminating the undesired noise during compression, where the bits are later decompressed as clean images. Specifically, we propose a novel two-branch, weight-sharing architecture with plug-in feature denoisers to allow a simple and effective realization of the goal with little computational cost. Experimental results show that our method gains a significant improvement over the existing baseline methods on both the synthetic and real-world datasets. Our source code is available at https://github.com/felixcheng97/DenoiseCompression.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Uncertainty-aware Multi-modal Learning via Cross-modal Random Network Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10851">arxiv:2207.10851</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hu Wang, Jianpeng Zhang, Yuanhong Chen, Congbo Ma, Jodie Avery, Louise Hull, Gustavo Carneiro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-modal learning focuses on training models by equally combining multiple input data modalities during the prediction process. However, this equal combination can be detrimental to the prediction accuracy because different modalities are usually accompanied by varying levels of uncertainty. Using such uncertainty to combine modalities has been studied by a couple of approaches, but with limited success because these approaches are either designed to deal with specific classification or segmentation problems and cannot be easily translated into other tasks, or suffer from numerical instabilities. In this paper, we propose a new Uncertainty-aware Multi-modal Learner that estimates uncertainty by measuring feature density via Cross-modal Random Network Prediction (CRNP). CRNP is designed to require little adaptation to translate between different prediction tasks, while having a stable training process. From a technical point of view, CRNP is the first approach to explore random network prediction to estimate uncertainty and to combine multi-modal data. Experiments on two 3D multi-modal medical image segmentation tasks and three 2D multi-modal computer vision classification tasks show the effectiveness, adaptability and robustness of CRNP. Also, we provide an extensive discussion on different fusion functions and visualization to validate the proposed model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data-Driven Stochastic AC-OPF using Gaussian Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10781">arxiv:2207.10781</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mile Mitrovic, Aleksandr Lukashevich, Petr Vorobev, Vladimir Terzija, Semen Budenny, Yury Maximov, Deepjoyti Deka</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years, electricity generation has been responsible for more than a quarter of the greenhouse gas emissions in the US. Integrating a significant amount of renewables into a power grid is probably the most accessible way to reduce carbon emissions from power grids and slow down climate change. Unfortunately, the most accessible renewable power sources, such as wind and solar, are highly fluctuating and thus bring a lot of uncertainty to power grid operations and challenge existing optimization and control policies. The chance-constrained alternating current (AC) optimal power flow (OPF) framework finds the minimum cost generation dispatch maintaining the power grid operations within security limits with a prescribed probability. Unfortunately, the AC-OPF problem's chance-constrained extension is non-convex, computationally challenging, and requires knowledge of system parameters and additional assumptions on the behavior of renewable distribution. Known linear and convex approximations to the above problems, though tractable, are too conservative for operational practice and do not consider uncertainty in system parameters. This paper presents an alternative data-driven approach based on Gaussian process (GP) regression to close this gap. The GP approach learns a simple yet non-convex data-driven approximation to the AC power flow equations that can incorporate uncertainty inputs. The latter is then used to determine the solution of CC-OPF efficiently, by accounting for both input and parameter uncertainty. The practical efficiency of the proposed approach using different approximations for GP-uncertainty propagation is illustrated over numerous IEEE test cases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Sufficient Representation Learning via Mutual Information</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10772">arxiv:2207.10772</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Siming Zheng, Yuanyuan Lin, Jian Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a mutual information-based sufficient representation learning (MSRL) approach, which uses the variational formulation of the mutual information and leverages the approximation power of deep neural networks. MSRL learns a sufficient representation with the maximum mutual information with the response and a user-selected distribution. It can easily handle multi-dimensional continuous or categorical response variables. MSRL is shown to be consistent in the sense that the conditional probability density function of the response variable given the learned representation converges to the conditional probability density function of the response variable given the predictor. Non-asymptotic error bounds for MSRL are also established under suitable conditions. To establish the error bounds, we derive a generalized Dudley's inequality for an order-two U-process indexed by deep neural networks, which may be of independent interest. We discuss how to determine the intrinsic dimension of the underlying data distribution. Moreover, we evaluate the performance of MSRL via extensive numerical experiments and real data analysis and demonstrate that MSRL outperforms some existing nonlinear sufficient dimension reduction methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainable AI Algorithms for Vibration Data-based Fault Detection: Use Case-adadpted Methods and Critical Evaluation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10732">arxiv:2207.10732</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Oliver Mey, Deniz Neufeld</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Analyzing vibration data using deep neural network algorithms is an effective way to detect damages in rotating machinery at an early stage. However, the black-box approach of these methods often does not provide a satisfactory solution because the cause of classifications is not comprehensible to humans. Therefore, this work investigates the application of explainable AI (XAI) algorithms to convolutional neural networks for vibration-based condition monitoring. For this, various XAI algorithms are applied to classifications based on the Fourier transform as well as the order analysis of the vibration signal. The results are visualized as a function of the revolutions per minute (RPM), in the shape of frequency-RPM maps and order-RPM maps. This allows to assess the saliency given to features which depend on the rotation speed and those with constant frequency. To compare the explanatory power of the XAI methods, investigations are first carried out with a synthetic data set with known class-specific characteristics. Then a real-world data set for vibration-based imbalance classification on an electric motor, which runs at a broad range of rotation speeds, is used. A special focus is put on the consistency for variable periodicity of the data, which translates to a varying rotation speed of a real-world machine. This work aims to show the different strengths and weaknesses of the methods for this use case: GradCAM, LRP and LIME with a new perturbation strategy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fusing Frame and Event Vision for High-speed Optical Flow for Edge Application</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10720">arxiv:2207.10720</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ashwin Sanjay Lele, Arijit Raychowdhury</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Optical flow computation with frame-based cameras provides high accuracy but the speed is limited either by the model size of the algorithm or by the frame rate of the camera. This makes it inadequate for high-speed applications. Event cameras provide continuous asynchronous event streams overcoming the frame-rate limitation. However, the algorithms for processing the data either borrow frame like setup limiting the speed or suffer from lower accuracy. We fuse the complementary accuracy and speed advantages of the frame and event-based pipelines to provide high-speed optical flow while maintaining a low error rate. Our bio-mimetic network is validated with the MVSEC dataset showing 19% error degradation at 4x speed up. We then demonstrate the system with a high-speed drone flight scenario where a high-speed event camera computes the flow even before the optical camera sees the drone making it suited for applications like tracking and segmentation. This work shows the fundamental trade-offs in frame-based processing may be overcome by fusing data from other modalities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>JAWS: Predictive Inference Under Covariate Shift</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10716">arxiv:2207.10716</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Drew Prinster, Anqi Liu, Suchi Saria</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose \textbf{JAWS}, a series of wrapper methods for distribution-free uncertainty quantification tasks under covariate shift, centered on our core method \textbf{JAW}, the \textbf{JA}ckknife+ \textbf{W}eighted with likelihood-ratio weights. JAWS also includes computationally efficient \textbf{A}pproximations of JAW using higher-order influence functions: \textbf{JAWA}. Theoretically, we show that JAW relaxes the jackknife+'s assumption of data exchangeability to achieve the same finite-sample coverage guarantee even under covariate shift. JAWA further approaches the JAW guarantee in the limit of either the sample size or the influence function order under mild assumptions. Moreover, we propose a general approach to repurposing any distribution-free uncertainty quantification method and its guarantees to the task of risk assessment: a task that generates the estimated probability that the true label lies within a user-specified interval. We then propose \textbf{JAW-R} and \textbf{JAWA-R} as the repurposed versions of proposed methods for \textbf{R}isk assessment. Practically, JAWS outperform the state-of-the-art predictive inference baselines in a variety of biased real world data sets for both interval-generation and risk-assessment auditing tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Correcting Model Bias with Sparse Implicit Processes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10673">arxiv:2207.10673</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Simón Rodríguez Santana, Luis A. Ortega Andrés, Daniel Hernández-Lobato, Bryan Zaldívar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Model selection in machine learning (ML) is a crucial part of the Bayesian learning procedure. Model choice may impose strong biases on the resulting predictions, which can hinder the performance of methods such as Bayesian neural networks and neural samplers. On the other hand, newly proposed approaches for Bayesian ML exploit features of approximate inference in function space with implicit stochastic processes (a generalization of Gaussian processes). The approach of Sparse Implicit Processes (SIP) is particularly successful in this regard, since it is fully trainable and achieves flexible predictions. Here, we expand on the original experiments to show that SIP is capable of correcting model bias when the data generating mechanism differs strongly from the one implied by the model. We use synthetic datasets to show that SIP is capable of providing predictive distributions that reflect the data better than the exact predictions of the initial, but wrongly assumed model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MQRetNN: Multi-Horizon Time Series Forecasting with Retrieval Augmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10517">arxiv:2207.10517</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sitan Yang, Carson Eisenach, Dhruv Madeka</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-horizon probabilistic time series forecasting has wide applicability to real-world tasks such as demand forecasting. Recent work in neural time-series forecasting mainly focus on the use of Seq2Seq architectures. For example, MQTransformer - an improvement of MQCNN - has shown the state-of-the-art performance in probabilistic demand forecasting. In this paper, we consider incorporating cross-entity information to enhance model performance by adding a cross-entity attention mechanism along with a retrieval mechanism to select which entities to attend over. We demonstrate how our new neural architecture, MQRetNN, leverages the encoded contexts from a pretrained baseline model on the entire population to improve forecasting accuracy. Using MQCNN as the baseline model (due to computational constraints, we do not use MQTransformer), we first show on a small demand forecasting dataset that it is possible to achieve ~3% improvement in test loss by adding a cross-entity attention mechanism where each entity attends to all others in the population. We then evaluate the model with our proposed retrieval methods - as a means of approximating an attention over a large population - on a large-scale demand forecasting application with over 2 million products and observe ~1% performance gain over the MQCNN baseline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Confident Detection of Prostate Cancer using High Resolution Micro-ultrasound</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10485">arxiv:2207.10485</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mahdi Gilany, Paul Wilson, Amoon Jamzad, Fahimeh Fooladgar, Minh Nguyen Nhat To, Brian Wodlinger, Purang Abolmaesumi, Parvin Mousavi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** MOTIVATION: Detection of prostate cancer during transrectal ultrasound-guided biopsy is challenging. The highly heterogeneous appearance of cancer, presence of ultrasound artefacts, and noise all contribute to these difficulties. Recent advancements in high-frequency ultrasound imaging - micro-ultrasound - have drastically increased the capability of tissue imaging at high resolution. Our aim is to investigate the development of a robust deep learning model specifically for micro-ultrasound-guided prostate cancer biopsy. For the model to be clinically adopted, a key challenge is to design a solution that can confidently identify the cancer, while learning from coarse histopathology measurements of biopsy samples that introduce weak labels. METHODS: We use a dataset of micro-ultrasound images acquired from 194 patients, who underwent prostate biopsy. We train a deep model using a co-teaching paradigm to handle noise in labels, together with an evidential deep learning method for uncertainty estimation. We evaluate the performance of our model using the clinically relevant metric of accuracy vs. confidence. RESULTS: Our model achieves a well-calibrated estimation of predictive uncertainty with area under the curve of 88$\%$. The use of co-teaching and evidential deep learning in combination yields significantly better uncertainty estimation than either alone. We also provide a detailed comparison against state-of-the-art in uncertainty estimation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COBRA: Cpu-Only aBdominal oRgan segmentAtion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10446">arxiv:2207.10446</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Edward G. A. Henderson, Dónal M. McSweeney, Andrew F. Green</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Abdominal organ segmentation is a difficult and time-consuming task. To reduce the burden on clinical experts, fully-automated methods are highly desirable. Current approaches are dominated by Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) however the computational requirements and the need for large data sets limit their application in practice. By implementing a small and efficient custom 3D CNN, compiling the trained model and optimizing the computational graph: our approach produces high accuracy segmentations (Dice Similarity Coefficient (%): Liver: 97.3$\pm$1.3, Kidneys: 94.8$\pm$3.6, Spleen: 96.4$\pm$3.0, Pancreas: 80.9$\pm$10.1) at a rate of 1.6 seconds per image. Crucially, we are able to perform segmentation inference solely on CPU (no GPU required), thereby facilitating easy and widespread deployment of the model without specialist hardware.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Asset Closed-Loop Reservoir Management Using Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10376">arxiv:2207.10376</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yusuf Nasir, Louis J. Durlofsky</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Closed-loop reservoir management (CLRM), in which history matching and production optimization are performed multiple times over the life of an asset, can provide significant improvement in the specified objective. These procedures are computationally expensive due to the large number of flow simulations required for data assimilation and optimization. Existing CLRM procedures are applied asset by asset, without utilizing information that could be useful over a range assets. Here, we develop a CLRM framework for multiple assets with varying numbers of wells. We use deep reinforcement learning to train a single global control policy that is applicable for all assets considered. The new framework is an extension of a recently introduced control policy methodology for individual assets. Embedding layers are incorporated into the representation to handle the different numbers of decision variables that arise for the different assets. Because the global control policy learns a unified representation of useful features from multiple assets, it is less expensive to construct than asset-by-asset training (we observe about 3x speedup in our examples). The production optimization problem includes a relative-change constraint on the well settings, which renders the results suitable for practical use. We apply the multi-asset CLRM framework to 2D and 3D water-flooding examples. In both cases, four assets with different well counts, well configurations, and geostatistical descriptions are considered. Numerical experiments demonstrate that the global control policy provides objective function values, for both the 2D and 3D cases, that are nearly identical to those from control policies trained individually for each asset. This promising finding suggests that multi-asset CLRM may indeed represent a viable practical strategy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeFakePro: Decentralized DeepFake Attacks Detection using ENF Authentication</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.13070">arxiv:2207.13070</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Deeraj Nagothu, Ronghua Xu, Yu Chen, Erik Blasch, Alexander Aved</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Advancements in generative models, like Deepfake allows users to imitate a targeted person and manipulate online interactions. It has been recognized that disinformation may cause disturbance in society and ruin the foundation of trust. This article presents DeFakePro, a decentralized consensus mechanism-based Deepfake detection technique in online video conferencing tools. Leveraging Electrical Network Frequency (ENF), an environmental fingerprint embedded in digital media recording, affords a consensus mechanism design called Proof-of-ENF (PoENF) algorithm. The similarity in ENF signal fluctuations is utilized in the PoENF algorithm to authenticate the media broadcasted in conferencing tools. By utilizing the video conferencing setup with malicious participants to broadcast deep fake video recordings to other participants, the DeFakePro system verifies the authenticity of the incoming media in both audio and video channels.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CheckINN: Wide Range Neural Network Verification in Imandra</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10562">arxiv:2207.10562</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Remi Desmartin, Grant Passmore, Ekaterina Komendantskaya, Matthew Daggitt</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural networks are increasingly relied upon as components of complex safety-critical systems such as autonomous vehicles. There is high demand for tools and methods that embed neural network verification in a larger verification cycle. However, neural network verification is difficult due to a wide range of verification properties of interest, each typically only amenable to verification in specialised solvers. In this paper, we show how Imandra, a functional programming language and a theorem prover originally designed for verification, validation and simulation of financial infrastructure can offer a holistic infrastructure for neural network verification. We develop a novel library CheckINN that formalises neural networks in Imandra, and covers different important facets of neural network verification.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Forgotten Danger in DNN Supervision Testing: Generating and Detecting True Ambiguity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10495">arxiv:2207.10495</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Michael Weiss, André García Gómez, Paolo Tonella</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are becoming a crucial component of modern software systems, but they are prone to fail under conditions that are different from the ones observed during training (out-of-distribution inputs) or on inputs that are truly ambiguous, i.e., inputs that admit multiple classes with nonzero probability in their ground truth labels. Recent work proposed DNN supervisors to detect high-uncertainty inputs before their possible misclassification leads to any harm. To test and compare the capabilities of DNN supervisors, researchers proposed test generation techniques, to focus the testing effort on high-uncertainty inputs that should be recognized as anomalous by supervisors. However, existing test generators can only produce out-of-distribution inputs. No existing model- and supervisor-independent technique supports the generation of truly ambiguous test inputs.
  In this paper, we propose a novel way to generate ambiguous inputs to test DNN supervisors and used it to empirically compare several existing supervisor techniques. In particular, we propose AmbiGuess to generate ambiguous samples for image classification problems. AmbiGuess is based on gradient-guided sampling in the latent space of a regularized adversarial autoencoder. Moreover, we conducted what is - to the best of our knowledge - the most extensive comparative study of DNN supervisors, considering their capabilities to detect 4 distinct types of high-uncertainty inputs, including truly ambiguous ones.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Wer ist schuld, wenn Algorithmen irren? Entscheidungsautomatisierung, Organisationen und Verantwortung</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10479">arxiv:2207.10479</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Angelika Adensamer, Rita Gsenger, Lukas Daniel Klausner</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Algorithmic decision support (ADS) is increasingly used in a whole array of different contexts and structures in various areas of society, influencing many people's lives. Its use raises questions, among others, about accountability, transparency and responsibility. Our article aims to give a brief overview of the central issues connected to ADS, responsibility and decision-making in organisational contexts and identify open questions and research gaps. Furthermore, we describe a set of guidelines and a complementary digital tool to assist practitioners in mapping responsibility when introducing ADS within their organisational context.
  --
  Algorithmenunterstützte Entscheidungsfindung (algorithmic decision support, ADS) kommt in verschiedenen Kontexten und Strukturen vermehrt zum Einsatz und beeinflusst in diversen gesellschaftlichen Bereichen das Leben vieler Menschen. Ihr Einsatz wirft einige Fragen auf, unter anderem zu den Themen Rechenschaft, Transparenz und Verantwortung. Im Folgenden möchten wir einen Überblick über die wichtigsten Fragestellungen rund um ADS, Verantwortung und Entscheidungsfindung in organisationalen Kontexten geben und einige offene Fragen und Forschungslücken aufzeigen. Weiters beschreiben wir als konkrete Hilfestellung für die Praxis einen von uns entwickelten Leitfaden samt ergänzendem digitalem Tool, welches Anwender:innen insbesondere bei der Verortung und Zuordnung von Verantwortung bei der Nutzung von ADS in organisationalen Kontexten helfen soll.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Log Barriers for Safe Black-box Optimization with Application to Safe Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10415">arxiv:2207.10415</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ilnura Usmanova, Yarden As, Maryam Kamgarpour, Andreas Krause</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Optimizing noisy functions online, when evaluating the objective requires experiments on a deployed system, is a crucial task arising in manufacturing, robotics and many others. Often, constraints on safe inputs are unknown ahead of time, and we only obtain noisy information, indicating how close we are to violating the constraints. Yet, safety must be guaranteed at all times, not only for the final output of the algorithm.
  We introduce a general approach for seeking a stationary point in high dimensional non-linear stochastic optimization problems in which maintaining safety during learning is crucial. Our approach called LB-SGD is based on applying stochastic gradient descent (SGD) with a carefully chosen adaptive step size to a logarithmic barrier approximation of the original problem. We provide a complete convergence analysis of non-convex, convex, and strongly-convex smooth constrained problems, with first-order and zeroth-order feedback. Our approach yields efficient updates and scales better with dimensionality compared to existing approaches.
  We empirically compare the sample complexity and the computational cost of our method with existing safe learning approaches. Beyond synthetic benchmarks, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on minimizing constraint violation in policy search tasks in safe reinforcement learning (RL).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Implementation of a Reinforcement Learning-based Capacity Sharing Algorithm in O-RAN</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10390">arxiv:2207.10390</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Irene Vilà, Oriol Sallent, Jordi Pérez-Romero</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The capacity sharing problem in Radio Access Network (RAN) slicing deals with the distribution of the capacity available in each RAN node among various RAN slices to satisfy their traffic demands and efficiently use the radio resources. While several capacity sharing algorithmic solutions have been proposed in the literature, their practical implementation still remains as a gap. In this paper, the implementation of a Reinforcement Learning-based capacity sharing algorithm over the O-RAN architecture is discussed, providing insights into the operation of the involved interfaces and the containerization of the solution. Moreover, the description of the testbed implemented to validate the solution is included and some performance and validation results are presented.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Low cost prediction of probability distributions of molecular properties for early virtual screening</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.11174">arxiv:2207.11174</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Jarek Duda, Sabina Podlewska</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While there is a general focus on predictions of values, mathematically more appropriate is prediction of probability distributions: with additional possibilities like prediction of uncertainty, higher moments and quantiles. For the purpose of the computer-aided drug design field, this article applies Hierarchical Correlation Reconstruction approach, previously applied in the analysis of demographic, financial and astronomical data. Instead of a single linear regression to predict values, it uses multiple linear regressions to independently predict multiple moments, finally combining them into predicted probability distribution, here of several ADMET properties based on substructural fingerprint developed by Klekota\&Roth. Discussed application example is inexpensive selection of a percentage of molecules with properties nearly certain to be in a predicted or chosen range during virtual screening. Such an approach can facilitate the interpretation of the results as the predictions characterized by high rate of uncertainty are automatically detected. In addition, for each of the investigated predictive problems, we detected crucial structural features, which should be carefully considered when optimizing compounds towards particular property. The whole methodology developed in the study constitutes therefore a great support for medicinal chemists, as it enable fast rejection of compounds with the lowest potential of desired physicochemical/ADMET characteristic and guides the compound optimization process.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Characterizing Coherent Integrated Photonic Neural Networks under Imperfections</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10835">arxiv:2207.10835</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Sanmitra Banerjee, Mahdi Nikdast, Krishnendu Chakrabarty</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Integrated photonic neural networks (IPNNs) are emerging as promising successors to conventional electronic AI accelerators as they offer substantial improvements in computing speed and energy efficiency. In particular, coherent IPNNs use arrays of Mach-Zehnder interferometers (MZIs) for unitary transformations to perform energy-efficient matrix-vector multiplication. However, the underlying MZI devices in IPNNs are susceptible to uncertainties stemming from optical lithographic variations and thermal crosstalk and can experience imprecisions due to non-uniform MZI insertion loss and quantization errors due to low-precision encoding in the tuned phase angles. In this paper, we, for the first time, systematically characterize the impact of such uncertainties and imprecisions (together referred to as imperfections) in IPNNs using a bottom-up approach. We show that their impact on IPNN accuracy can vary widely based on the tuned parameters (e.g., phase angles) of the affected components, their physical location, and the nature and distribution of the imperfections. To improve reliability measures, we identify critical IPNN building blocks that, under imperfections, can lead to catastrophic degradation in the classification accuracy. We show that under multiple simultaneous imperfections, the IPNN inferencing accuracy can degrade by up to 46%, even when the imperfection parameters are restricted within a small range. Our results also indicate that the inferencing accuracy is sensitive to imperfections affecting the MZIs in the linear layers next to the input layer of the IPNN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>EC-KitY: Evolutionary Computation Tool Kit in Python with Seamless Machine Learning Integration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.10367">arxiv:2207.10367</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Moshe Sipper, Tomer Halperin, Itai Tzruia, Achiya Elyasaf</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** EC-KitY is a comprehensive Python library for doing evolutionary computation (EC), licensed under GNU General Public License v3.0, and compatible with scikit-learn. Designed with modern software engineering and machine learning integration in mind, EC-KitY can support all popular EC paradigms, including genetic algorithms, genetic programming, coevolution, evolutionary multi-objective optimization, and more. This paper provides an overview of the package, including the ease of setting up an EC experiment, the architecture, the main features, and a comparison with other libraries.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.07.20]({{ '/2022/07/20/2022.07.20.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.07.22]({{ '/2022/07/22/2022.07.22.html' | relative_url }})