Prev: [2022.05.15]({{ '/2022/05/15/2022.05.15.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.05.17]({{ '/2022/05/17/2022.05.17.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-05-16, created on 2022-05-26


<details><summary><b>How Different Groups Prioritize Ethical Values for Responsible AI</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07722">arxiv:2205.07722</a>
&#x1F4C8; 192 <br>
<p>Maurice Jakesch, Zana Buçinca, Saleema Amershi, Alexandra Olteanu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Private companies, public sector organizations, and academic groups have outlined ethical values they consider important for responsible artificial intelligence technologies. While their recommendations converge on a set of central values, little is known about the values a more representative public would find important for the AI technologies they interact with and might be affected by. We conducted a survey examining how individuals perceive and prioritize responsible AI values across three groups: a representative sample of the US population (N=743), a sample of crowdworkers (N=755), and a sample of AI practitioners (N=175). Our results empirically confirm a common concern: AI practitioners' value priorities differ from those of the general public. Compared to the US-representative sample, AI practitioners appear to consider responsible AI values as less important and emphasize a different set of values. In contrast, self-identified women and black respondents found responsible AI values more important than other groups. Surprisingly, more liberal-leaning participants, rather than participants reporting experiences with discrimination, were more likely to prioritize fairness than other groups. Our findings highlight the importance of paying attention to who gets to define responsible AI.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Diffusion Models for Adversarial Purification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07460">arxiv:2205.07460</a>
&#x1F4C8; 130 <br>
<p>Weili Nie, Brandon Guo, Yujia Huang, Chaowei Xiao, Arash Vahdat, Anima Anandkumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Adversarial purification refers to a class of defense methods that remove adversarial perturbations using a generative model. These methods do not make assumptions on the form of attack and the classification model, and thus can defend pre-existing classifiers against unseen threats. However, their performance currently falls behind adversarial training methods. In this work, we propose DiffPure that uses diffusion models for adversarial purification: Given an adversarial example, we first diffuse it with a small amount of noise following a forward diffusion process, and then recover the clean image through a reverse generative process. To evaluate our method against strong adaptive attacks in an efficient and scalable way, we propose to use the adjoint method to compute full gradients of the reverse generative process. Extensive experiments on three image datasets including CIFAR-10, ImageNet and CelebA-HQ with three classifier architectures including ResNet, WideResNet and ViT demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art results, outperforming current adversarial training and adversarial purification methods, often by a large margin. Project page: https://diffpure.github.io.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Primacy Bias in Deep Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07802">arxiv:2205.07802</a>
&#x1F4C8; 83 <br>
<p>Evgenii Nikishin, Max Schwarzer, Pierluca D'Oro, Pierre-Luc Bacon, Aaron Courville</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work identifies a common flaw of deep reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms: a tendency to rely on early interactions and ignore useful evidence encountered later. Because of training on progressively growing datasets, deep RL agents incur a risk of overfitting to earlier experiences, negatively affecting the rest of the learning process. Inspired by cognitive science, we refer to this effect as the primacy bias. Through a series of experiments, we dissect the algorithmic aspects of deep RL that exacerbate this bias. We then propose a simple yet generally-applicable mechanism that tackles the primacy bias by periodically resetting a part of the agent. We apply this mechanism to algorithms in both discrete (Atari 100k) and continuous action (DeepMind Control Suite) domains, consistently improving their performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Spectral Methods: A Surprisingly Strong Baseline for Unsupervised Semantic Segmentation and Localization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07839">arxiv:2205.07839</a>
&#x1F4C8; 42 <br>
<p>Luke Melas-Kyriazi, Christian Rupprecht, Iro Laina, Andrea Vedaldi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised localization and segmentation are long-standing computer vision challenges that involve decomposing an image into semantically-meaningful segments without any labeled data. These tasks are particularly interesting in an unsupervised setting due to the difficulty and cost of obtaining dense image annotations, but existing unsupervised approaches struggle with complex scenes containing multiple objects. Differently from existing methods, which are purely based on deep learning, we take inspiration from traditional spectral segmentation methods by reframing image decomposition as a graph partitioning problem. Specifically, we examine the eigenvectors of the Laplacian of a feature affinity matrix from self-supervised networks. We find that these eigenvectors already decompose an image into meaningful segments, and can be readily used to localize objects in a scene. Furthermore, by clustering the features associated with these segments across a dataset, we can obtain well-delineated, nameable regions, i.e. semantic segmentations. Experiments on complex datasets (Pascal VOC, MS-COCO) demonstrate that our simple spectral method outperforms the state-of-the-art in unsupervised localization and segmentation by a significant margin. Furthermore, our method can be readily used for a variety of complex image editing tasks, such as background removal and compositing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FactPEGASUS: Factuality-Aware Pre-training and Fine-tuning for Abstractive Summarization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07830">arxiv:2205.07830</a>
&#x1F4C8; 30 <br>
<p>David Wan, Mohit Bansal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present FactPEGASUS, an abstractive summarization model that addresses the problem of factuality during pre-training and fine-tuning: (1) We augment the sentence selection strategy of PEGASUS's (Zhang et al., 2020) pre-training objective to create pseudo-summaries that are both important and factual; (2) We introduce three complementary components for fine-tuning. The corrector removes hallucinations present in the reference summary, the contrastor uses contrastive learning to better differentiate nonfactual summaries from factual ones, and the connector bridges the gap between the pre-training and fine-tuning for better transfer of knowledge. Experiments on three downstream tasks demonstrate that FactPEGASUS substantially improves factuality evaluated by multiple automatic metrics and humans. Our thorough analysis suggests that FactPEGASUS is more factual than using the original pre-training objective in zero-shot and few-shot settings, retains factual behavior more robustly than strong baselines, and does not rely entirely on becoming more extractive to improve factuality. Our code and data are publicly available at: https://github.com/meetdavidwan/factpegasus

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Using Embeddings for Causal Estimation of Peer Influence in Social Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08033">arxiv:2205.08033</a>
&#x1F4C8; 29 <br>
<p>Irina Cristali, Victor Veitch</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We address the problem of using observational data to estimate peer contagion effects, the influence of treatments applied to individuals in a network on the outcomes of their neighbors. A main challenge to such estimation is that homophily - the tendency of connected units to share similar latent traits - acts as an unobserved confounder for contagion effects. Informally, it's hard to tell whether your friends have similar outcomes because they were influenced by your treatment, or whether it's due to some common trait that caused you to be friends in the first place. Because these common causes are not usually directly observed, they cannot be simply adjusted for. We describe an approach to perform the required adjustment using node embeddings learned from the network itself. The main aim is to perform this adjustment nonparametrically, without functional form assumptions on either the process that generated the network or the treatment assignment and outcome processes. The key contributions are to nonparametrically formalize the causal effect in a way that accounts for homophily, and to show how embedding methods can be used to identify and estimate this effect. Code is available at https://github.com/IrinaCristali/Peer-Contagion-on-Networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SQ-VAE: Variational Bayes on Discrete Representation with Self-annealed Stochastic Quantization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07547">arxiv:2205.07547</a>
&#x1F4C8; 20 <br>
<p>Yuhta Takida, Takashi Shibuya, WeiHsiang Liao, Chieh-Hsin Lai, Junki Ohmura, Toshimitsu Uesaka, Naoki Murata, Shusuke Takahashi, Toshiyuki Kumakura, Yuki Mitsufuji</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One noted issue of vector-quantized variational autoencoder (VQ-VAE) is that the learned discrete representation uses only a fraction of the full capacity of the codebook, also known as codebook collapse. We hypothesize that the training scheme of VQ-VAE, which involves some carefully designed heuristics, underlies this issue. In this paper, we propose a new training scheme that extends the standard VAE via novel stochastic dequantization and quantization, called stochastically quantized variational autoencoder (SQ-VAE). In SQ-VAE, we observe a trend that the quantization is stochastic at the initial stage of the training but gradually converges toward a deterministic quantization, which we call self-annealing. Our experiments show that SQ-VAE improves codebook utilization without using common heuristics. Furthermore, we empirically show that SQ-VAE is superior to VAE and VQ-VAE in vision- and speech-related tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Testing in High-Dimensional Sparse Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07488">arxiv:2205.07488</a>
&#x1F4C8; 13 <br>
<p>Anand Jerry George, Clément L. Canonne</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of robustly testing the norm of a high-dimensional sparse signal vector under two different observation models. In the first model, we are given $n$ i.i.d. samples from the distribution $\mathcal{N}\left(θ,I_d\right)$ (with unknown $θ$), of which a small fraction has been arbitrarily corrupted. Under the promise that $\|θ\|_0\le s$, we want to correctly distinguish whether $\|θ\|_2=0$ or $\|θ\|_2>γ$, for some input parameter $γ>0$. We show that any algorithm for this task requires $n=Ω\left(s\log\frac{ed}{s}\right)$ samples, which is tight up to logarithmic factors. We also extend our results to other common notions of sparsity, namely, $\|θ\|_q\le s$ for any $0 < q < 2$. In the second observation model that we consider, the data is generated according to a sparse linear regression model, where the covariates are i.i.d. Gaussian and the regression coefficient (signal) is known to be $s$-sparse. Here too we assume that an $ε$-fraction of the data is arbitrarily corrupted. We show that any algorithm that reliably tests the norm of the regression coefficient requires at least $n=Ω\left(\min(s\log d,{1}/{γ^4})\right)$ samples. Our results show that the complexity of testing in these two settings significantly increases under robustness constraints. This is in line with the recent observations made in robust mean testing and robust covariance testing.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Detection and Physical Interaction with Deformable Linear Objects</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08041">arxiv:2205.08041</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Azarakhsh Keipour, Mohammadreza Mousaei, Maryam Bandari, Stefan Schaal, Sebastian Scherer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deformable linear objects (e.g., cables, ropes, and threads) commonly appear in our everyday lives. However, perception of these objects and the study of physical interaction with them is still a growing area. There have already been successful methods to model and track deformable linear objects. However, the number of methods that can automatically extract the initial conditions in non-trivial situations for these methods has been limited, and they have been introduced to the community only recently. On the other hand, while physical interaction with these objects has been done with ground manipulators, there have not been any studies on physical interaction and manipulation of the deformable linear object with aerial robots.
  This workshop describes our recent work on detecting deformable linear objects, which uses the segmentation output of the existing methods to provide the initialization required by the tracking methods automatically. It works with crossings and can fill the gaps and occlusions in the segmentation and output the model desirable for physical interaction and simulation. Then we present our work on using the method for tasks such as routing and manipulation with the ground and aerial robots. We discuss our feasibility analysis on extending the physical interaction with these objects to aerial manipulation applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the Difficulty of Defending Self-Supervised Learning against Model Extraction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07890">arxiv:2205.07890</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Adam Dziedzic, Nikita Dhawan, Muhammad Ahmad Kaleem, Jonas Guan, Nicolas Papernot</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-Supervised Learning (SSL) is an increasingly popular ML paradigm that trains models to transform complex inputs into representations without relying on explicit labels. These representations encode similarity structures that enable efficient learning of multiple downstream tasks. Recently, ML-as-a-Service providers have commenced offering trained SSL models over inference APIs, which transform user inputs into useful representations for a fee. However, the high cost involved to train these models and their exposure over APIs both make black-box extraction a realistic security threat. We thus explore model stealing attacks against SSL. Unlike traditional model extraction on classifiers that output labels, the victim models here output representations; these representations are of significantly higher dimensionality compared to the low-dimensional prediction scores output by classifiers. We construct several novel attacks and find that approaches that train directly on a victim's stolen representations are query efficient and enable high accuracy for downstream models. We then show that existing defenses against model extraction are inadequate and not easily retrofitted to the specificities of SSL.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Real-time semantic segmentation on FPGAs for autonomous vehicles with hls4ml</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07690">arxiv:2205.07690</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Nicolò Ghielmetti, Vladimir Loncar, Maurizio Pierini, Marcel Roed, Sioni Summers, Thea Aarrestad, Christoffer Petersson, Hampus Linander, Jennifer Ngadiuba, Kelvin Lin, Philip Harris</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we investigate how field programmable gate arrays can serve as hardware accelerators for real-time semantic segmentation tasks relevant for autonomous driving. Considering compressed versions of the ENet convolutional neural network architecture, we demonstrate a fully-on-chip deployment with a latency of 4.9 ms per image, using less than 30% of the available resources on a Xilinx ZCU102 evaluation board. The latency is reduced to 3 ms per image when increasing the batch size to ten, corresponding to the use case where the autonomous vehicle receives inputs from multiple cameras simultaneously. We show, through aggressive filter reduction and heterogeneous quantization-aware training, and an optimized implementation of convolutional layers, that the power consumption and resource utilization can be significantly reduced while maintaining accuracy on the Cityscapes dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Model Agnostic Local Explanations of Reject</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07623">arxiv:2205.07623</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>André Artelt, Roel Visser, Barbara Hammer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The application of machine learning based decision making systems in safety critical areas requires reliable high certainty predictions. Reject options are a common way of ensuring a sufficiently high certainty of predictions made by the system. While being able to reject uncertain samples is important, it is also of importance to be able to explain why a particular sample was rejected. However, explaining general reject options is still an open problem. We propose a model agnostic method for locally explaining arbitrary reject options by means of interpretable models and counterfactual explanations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CascadER: Cross-Modal Cascading for Knowledge Graph Link Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08012">arxiv:2205.08012</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Tara Safavi, Doug Downey, Tom Hope</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge graph (KG) link prediction is a fundamental task in artificial intelligence, with applications in natural language processing, information retrieval, and biomedicine. Recently, promising results have been achieved by leveraging cross-modal information in KGs, using ensembles that combine knowledge graph embeddings (KGEs) and contextual language models (LMs). However, existing ensembles are either (1) not consistently effective in terms of ranking accuracy gains or (2) impractically inefficient on larger datasets due to the combinatorial explosion problem of pairwise ranking with deep language models. In this paper, we propose a novel tiered ranking architecture CascadER to maintain the ranking accuracy of full ensembling while improving efficiency considerably. CascadER uses LMs to rerank the outputs of more efficient base KGEs, relying on an adaptive subset selection scheme aimed at invoking the LMs minimally while maximizing accuracy gain over the KGE. Extensive experiments demonstrate that CascadER improves MRR by up to 9 points over KGE baselines, setting new state-of-the-art performance on four benchmarks while improving efficiency by one or more orders of magnitude over competitive cross-modal baselines. Our empirical analyses reveal that diversity of models across modalities and preservation of individual models' confidence signals help explain the effectiveness of CascadER, and suggest promising directions for cross-modal cascaded architectures. Code and pretrained models are available at https://github.com/tsafavi/cascader.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Empirical Investigation of Representation Learning for Imitation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07886">arxiv:2205.07886</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Xin Chen, Sam Toyer, Cody Wild, Scott Emmons, Ian Fischer, Kuang-Huei Lee, Neel Alex, Steven H Wang, Ping Luo, Stuart Russell, Pieter Abbeel, Rohin Shah</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Imitation learning often needs a large demonstration set in order to handle the full range of situations that an agent might find itself in during deployment. However, collecting expert demonstrations can be expensive. Recent work in vision, reinforcement learning, and NLP has shown that auxiliary representation learning objectives can reduce the need for large amounts of expensive, task-specific data. Our Empirical Investigation of Representation Learning for Imitation (EIRLI) investigates whether similar benefits apply to imitation learning. We propose a modular framework for constructing representation learning algorithms, then use our framework to evaluate the utility of representation learning for imitation across several environment suites. In the settings we evaluate, we find that existing algorithms for image-based representation learning provide limited value relative to a well-tuned baseline with image augmentations. To explain this result, we investigate differences between imitation learning and other settings where representation learning has provided significant benefit, such as image classification. Finally, we release a well-documented codebase which both replicates our findings and provides a modular framework for creating new representation learning algorithms out of reusable components.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>What company do words keep? Revisiting the distributional semantics of J.R. Firth & Zellig Harris</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07750">arxiv:2205.07750</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Mikael Brunila, Jack LaViolette</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The power of word embeddings is attributed to the linguistic theory that similar words will appear in similar contexts. This idea is specifically invoked by noting that "you shall know a word by the company it keeps," a quote from British linguist J.R. Firth who, along with his American colleague Zellig Harris, is often credited with the invention of "distributional semantics." While both Firth and Harris are cited in all major NLP textbooks and many foundational papers, the content and differences between their theories is seldom discussed. Engaging in a close reading of their work, we discover two distinct and in many ways divergent theories of meaning. One focuses exclusively on the internal workings of linguistic forms, while the other invites us to consider words in new company - not just with other linguistic elements, but also in a broader cultural and situational context. Contrasting these theories from the perspective of current debates in NLP, we discover in Firth a figure who could guide the field towards a more culturally grounded notion of semantics. We consider how an expanded notion of "context" might be modeled in practice through two different strategies: comparative stratification and syntagmatic extension

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sharp Asymptotics of Self-training with Linear Classifier</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07739">arxiv:2205.07739</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Takashi Takahashi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Self-training (ST) is a straightforward and standard approach in semi-supervised learning, successfully applied to many machine learning problems. The performance of ST strongly depends on the supervised learning method used in the refinement step and the nature of the given data; hence, a general performance guarantee from a concise theory may become loose in a concrete setup. However, the theoretical methods that sharply predict how the performance of ST depends on various details for each learning scenario are limited. This study develops a novel theoretical framework for sharply characterizing the generalization abilities of the models trained by ST using the non-rigorous replica method of statistical physics. We consider the ST of the linear model that minimizes the ridge-regularized cross-entropy loss when the data are generated from a two-component Gaussian mixture. Consequently, we show that the generalization performance of ST in each iteration is sharply characterized by a small finite number of variables, which satisfy a set of deterministic self-consistent equations. By numerically solving these self-consistent equations, we find that ST's generalization performance approaches to the supervised learning method with a very simple regularization schedule when the label bias is small and a moderately large number of iterations are used.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Exponentially Increasing Step-size for Parameter Estimation in Statistical Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07999">arxiv:2205.07999</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Nhat Ho, Tongzheng Ren, Sujay Sanghavi, Purnamrita Sarkar, Rachel Ward</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Using gradient descent (GD) with fixed or decaying step-size is standard practice in unconstrained optimization problems. However, when the loss function is only locally convex, such a step-size schedule artificially slows GD down as it cannot explore the flat curvature of the loss function. To overcome that issue, we propose to exponentially increase the step-size of the GD algorithm. Under homogeneous assumptions on the loss function, we demonstrate that the iterates of the proposed \emph{exponential step size gradient descent} (EGD) algorithm converge linearly to the optimal solution. Leveraging that optimization insight, we then consider using the EGD algorithm for solving parameter estimation under non-regular statistical models whose the loss function becomes locally convex when the sample size goes to infinity. We demonstrate that the EGD iterates reach the final statistical radius within the true parameter after a logarithmic number of iterations, which is in stark contrast to a \emph{polynomial} number of iterations of the GD algorithm. Therefore, the total computational complexity of the EGD algorithm is \emph{optimal} and exponentially cheaper than that of the GD for solving parameter estimation in non-regular statistical models. To the best of our knowledge, it resolves a long-standing gap between statistical and algorithmic computational complexities of parameter estimation in non-regular statistical models. Finally, we provide targeted applications of the general theory to several classes of statistical models, including generalized linear models with polynomial link functions and location Gaussian mixture models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lost in Compression: the Impact of Lossy Image Compression on Variable Size Object Detection within Infrared Imagery</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08002">arxiv:2205.08002</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Neelanjan Bhowmik, Jack W. Barker, Yona Falinie A. Gaus, Toby P. Breckon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Lossy image compression strategies allow for more efficient storage and transmission of data by encoding data to a reduced form. This is essential enable training with larger datasets on less storage-equipped environments. However, such compression can cause severe decline in performance of deep Convolution Neural Network (CNN) architectures even when mild compression is applied and the resulting compressed imagery is visually identical. In this work, we apply the lossy JPEG compression method with six discrete levels of increasing compression {95, 75, 50, 15, 10, 5} to infrared band (thermal) imagery. Our study quantitatively evaluates the affect that increasing levels of lossy compression has upon the performance of characteristically diverse object detection architectures (Cascade-RCNN, FSAF and Deformable DETR) with respect to varying sizes of objects present in the dataset. When training and evaluating on uncompressed data as a baseline, we achieve maximal mean Average Precision (mAP) of 0.823 with Cascade R-CNN across the FLIR dataset, outperforming prior work. The impact of the lossy compression is more extreme at higher compression levels (15, 10, 5) across all three CNN architectures. However, re-training models on lossy compressed imagery notably ameliorated performances for all three CNN models with an average increment of ~76% (at higher compression level 5). Additionally, we demonstrate the relative sensitivity of differing object areas {tiny, small, medium, large} with respect to the compression level. We show that tiny and small objects are more sensitive to compression than medium and large objects. Overall, Cascade R-CNN attains the maximal mAP across most of the object area categories.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data-Driven Interpolation for Super-Scarce X-Ray Computed Tomography</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07888">arxiv:2205.07888</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Emilien Valat, Katayoun Farrahi, Thomas Blumensath</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We address the problem of reconstructing X-Ray tomographic images from scarce measurements by interpolating missing acquisitions using a self-supervised approach. To do so, we train shallow neural networks to combine two neighbouring acquisitions into an estimated measurement at an intermediate angle. This procedure yields an enhanced sequence of measurements that can be reconstructed using standard methods, or further enhanced using regularisation approaches.
  Unlike methods that improve the sequence of acquisitions using an initial deterministic interpolation followed by machine-learning enhancement, we focus on inferring one measurement at once. This allows the method to scale to 3D, the computation to be faster and crucially, the interpolation to be significantly better than the current methods, when they exist. We also establish that a sequence of measurements must be processed as such, rather than as an image or a volume. We do so by comparing interpolation and up-sampling methods, and find that the latter significantly under-perform.
  We compare the performance of the proposed method against deterministic interpolation and up-sampling procedures and find that it outperforms them, even when used jointly with a state-of-the-art projection-data enhancement approach using machine-learning. These results are obtained for 2D and 3D imaging, on large biomedical datasets, in both projection space and image space.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>L3-Net Deep Audio Embeddings to Improve COVID-19 Detection from Smartphone Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07682">arxiv:2205.07682</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Mattia Giovanni Campana, Andrea Rovati, Franca Delmastro, Elena Pagani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Smartphones and wearable devices, along with Artificial Intelligence, can represent a game-changer in the pandemic control, by implementing low-cost and pervasive solutions to recognize the development of new diseases at their early stages and by potentially avoiding the rise of new outbreaks. Some recent works show promise in detecting diagnostic signals of COVID-19 from voice and coughs by using machine learning and hand-crafted acoustic features. In this paper, we decided to investigate the capabilities of the recently proposed deep embedding model L3-Net to automatically extract meaningful features from raw respiratory audio recordings in order to improve the performances of standard machine learning classifiers in discriminating between COVID-19 positive and negative subjects from smartphone data. We evaluated the proposed model on 3 datasets, comparing the obtained results with those of two reference works. Results show that the combination of L3-Net with hand-crafted features overcomes the performance of the other works of 28.57% in terms of AUC in a set of subject-independent experiments. This result paves the way to further investigation on different deep audio embeddings, also for the automatic detection of different diseases.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Representation via Dynamic Feature Aggregation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07466">arxiv:2205.07466</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Haozhe Liu, Haoqin Ji, Yuexiang Li, Nanjun He, Haoqian Wu, Feng Liu, Linlin Shen, Yefeng Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep convolutional neural network (CNN) based models are vulnerable to the adversarial attacks. One of the possible reasons is that the embedding space of CNN based model is sparse, resulting in a large space for the generation of adversarial samples. In this study, we propose a method, denoted as Dynamic Feature Aggregation, to compress the embedding space with a novel regularization. Particularly, the convex combination between two samples are regarded as the pivot for aggregation. In the embedding space, the selected samples are guided to be similar to the representation of the pivot. On the other side, to mitigate the trivial solution of such regularization, the last fully-connected layer of the model is replaced by an orthogonal classifier, in which the embedding codes for different classes are processed orthogonally and separately. With the regularization and orthogonal classifier, a more compact embedding space can be obtained, which accordingly improves the model robustness against adversarial attacks. An averaging accuracy of 56.91% is achieved by our method on CIFAR-10 against various attack methods, which significantly surpasses a solid baseline (Mixup) by a margin of 37.31%. More surprisingly, empirical results show that, the proposed method can also achieve the state-of-the-art performance for out-of-distribution (OOD) detection, due to the learned compact feature space. An F1 score of 0.937 is achieved by the proposed method, when adopting CIFAR-10 as in-distribution (ID) dataset and LSUN as OOD dataset. Code is available at https://github.com/HaozheLiu-ST/DynamicFeatureAggregation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unraveling Attention via Convex Duality: Analysis and Interpretations of Vision Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08078">arxiv:2205.08078</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Arda Sahiner, Tolga Ergen, Batu Ozturkler, John Pauly, Morteza Mardani, Mert Pilanci</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Vision transformers using self-attention or its proposed alternatives have demonstrated promising results in many image related tasks. However, the underpinning inductive bias of attention is not well understood. To address this issue, this paper analyzes attention through the lens of convex duality. For the non-linear dot-product self-attention, and alternative mechanisms such as MLP-mixer and Fourier Neural Operator (FNO), we derive equivalent finite-dimensional convex problems that are interpretable and solvable to global optimality. The convex programs lead to {\it block nuclear-norm regularization} that promotes low rank in the latent feature and token dimensions. In particular, we show how self-attention networks implicitly clusters the tokens, based on their latent similarity. We conduct experiments for transferring a pre-trained transformer backbone for CIFAR-100 classification by fine-tuning a variety of convex attention heads. The results indicate the merits of the bias induced by attention compared with the existing MLP or linear heads.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>"What makes a question inquisitive?" A Study on Type-Controlled Inquisitive Question Generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08056">arxiv:2205.08056</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Lingyu Gao, Debanjan Ghosh, Kevin Gimpel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a type-controlled framework for inquisitive question generation. We annotate an inquisitive question dataset with question types, train question type classifiers, and finetune models for type-controlled question generation. Empirical results demonstrate that we can generate a variety of questions that adhere to specific types while drawing from the source texts. We also investigate strategies for selecting a single question from a generated set, considering both an informative vs.~inquisitive question classifier and a pairwise ranker trained from a small set of expert annotations. Question selection using the pairwise ranker yields strong results in automatic and manual evaluation. Our human evaluation assesses multiple aspects of the generated questions, finding that the ranker chooses questions with the best syntax (4.59), semantics (4.37), and inquisitiveness (3.92) on a scale of 1-5, even rivaling the performance of human-written questions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Explainable and Optimally Configured Artificial Neural Networks for Attack Detection in Smart Homes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08043">arxiv:2205.08043</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Shaleeza Sohail, Zongwen Fan, Xin Gu, Fariza Sabrina</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In recent years cybersecurity has become a major concern in adaptation of smart applications. Specially, in smart homes where a large number of IoT devices are used having a secure and trusted mechanisms can provide peace of mind for users. Accurate detection of cyber attacks is crucial, however precise identification of the type of attacks plays a huge role if devising the countermeasure for protecting the system. Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) have provided promising results for detecting any security attacks for smart applications. However, due to complex nature of the model used for this technique it is not easy for normal users to trust ANN based security solutions. Also, selection of right hyperparameters for ANN architecture plays a crucial role in the accurate detection of security attacks, especially when it come to identifying the subcategories of attacks. In this paper, we propose a model that considers both the issues of explainability of ANN model and the hyperparameter selection for this approach to be easily trusted and adapted by users of smart home applications. Also, our approach considers a subset of the dataset for optimal selection of hyperparamters to reduce the overhead of the process of ANN architecture design. Distinctively this paper focuses on configuration, performance and evaluation of ANN architecture for identification of five categorical attacks and nine subcategorical attacks. Using a very recent IoT dataset our approach showed high performance for intrusion detection with 99.9%, 99.7%, and 97.7% accuracy for Binary, Category, and Subcategory level classification of attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Continual learning on 3D point clouds with random compressed rehearsal</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08013">arxiv:2205.08013</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Maciej Zamorski, Michał Stypułkowski, Konrad Karanowski, Tomasz Trzciński, Maciej Zięba</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Contemporary deep neural networks offer state-of-the-art results when applied to visual reasoning, e.g., in the context of 3D point cloud data. Point clouds are important datatype for precise modeling of three-dimensional environments, but effective processing of this type of data proves to be challenging. In the world of large, heavily-parameterized network architectures and continuously-streamed data, there is an increasing need for machine learning models that can be trained on additional data. Unfortunately, currently available models cannot fully leverage training on additional data without losing their past knowledge. Combating this phenomenon, called catastrophic forgetting, is one of the main objectives of continual learning. Continual learning for deep neural networks has been an active field of research, primarily in 2D computer vision, natural language processing, reinforcement learning, and robotics. However, in 3D computer vision, there are hardly any continual learning solutions specifically designed to take advantage of point cloud structure. This work proposes a novel neural network architecture capable of continual learning on 3D point cloud data. We utilize point cloud structure properties for preserving a heavily compressed set of past data. By using rehearsal and reconstruction as regularization methods of the learning process, our approach achieves a significant decrease of catastrophic forgetting compared to the existing solutions on several most popular point cloud datasets considering two continual learning settings: when a task is known beforehand, and in the challenging scenario of when task information is unknown to the model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Deep Apprenticeship Learning for Playing Games</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07959">arxiv:2205.07959</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dejan Markovikj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In the last decade, deep learning has achieved great success in machine learning tasks where the input data is represented with different levels of abstractions. Driven by the recent research in reinforcement learning using deep neural networks, we explore the feasibility of designing a learning model based on expert behaviour for complex, multidimensional tasks where reward function is not available. We propose a novel method for apprenticeship learning based on the previous research on supervised learning techniques in reinforcement learning. Our method is applied to video frames from Atari games in order to teach an artificial agent to play those games. Even though the reported results are not comparable with the state-of-the-art results in reinforcement learning, we demonstrate that such an approach has the potential to achieve strong performance in the future and is worthwhile for further research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Conditional Born machine for Monte Carlo events generation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07674">arxiv:2205.07674</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Oriel Kiss, Michele Grossi, Enrique Kajomovitz, Sofia Vallecorsa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generative modeling is a promising task for near-term quantum devices, which can use the stochastic nature of quantum measurements as random source. So called Born machines are purely quantum models and promise to generate probability distributions in a quantum way, inaccessible to classical computers. This paper presents an application of Born machines to Monte Carlo simulations and extends their reach to multivariate and conditional distributions. Models are run on (noisy) simulators and IBM Quantum superconducting quantum hardware. More specifically, Born machines are used to generate muonic force carriers (MFC) events resulting from scattering processes between muons and the detector material in high-energy-physics colliders experiments. MFCs are bosons appearing in beyond the standard model theoretical frameworks, which are candidates for dark matter. Empirical evidences suggest that Born machines can reproduce the underlying distribution of datasets coming from Monte Carlo simulations, and are competitive with classical machine learning-based generative models of similar complexity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards on-sky adaptive optics control using reinforcement learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07554">arxiv:2205.07554</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>J. Nousiainen, C. Rajani, M. Kasper, T. Helin, S. Y. Haffert, C. Vérinaud, J. R. Males, K. Van Gorkom, L. M. Close, J. D. Long, A. D. Hedglen, O. Guyon, L. Schatz, M. Kautz, J. Lumbres, A. Rodack, J. M. Knight, K. Miller</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The direct imaging of potentially habitable Exoplanets is one prime science case for the next generation of high contrast imaging instruments on ground-based extremely large telescopes. To reach this demanding science goal, the instruments are equipped with eXtreme Adaptive Optics (XAO) systems which will control thousands of actuators at a framerate of kilohertz to several kilohertz. Most of the habitable exoplanets are located at small angular separations from their host stars, where the current XAO systems' control laws leave strong residuals.Current AO control strategies like static matrix-based wavefront reconstruction and integrator control suffer from temporal delay error and are sensitive to mis-registration, i.e., to dynamic variations of the control system geometry. We aim to produce control methods that cope with these limitations, provide a significantly improved AO correction and, therefore, reduce the residual flux in the coronagraphic point spread function.
  We extend previous work in Reinforcement Learning for AO. The improved method, called PO4AO, learns a dynamics model and optimizes a control neural network, called a policy. We introduce the method and study it through numerical simulations of XAO with Pyramid wavefront sensing for the 8-m and 40-m telescope aperture cases. We further implemented PO4AO and carried out experiments in a laboratory environment using MagAO-X at the Steward laboratory. PO4AO provides the desired performance by improving the coronagraphic contrast in numerical simulations by factors 3-5 within the control region of DM and Pyramid WFS, in simulation and in the laboratory. The presented method is also quick to train, i.e., on timescales of typically 5-10 seconds, and the inference time is sufficiently small (< ms) to be used in real-time control for XAO with currently available hardware even for extremely large telescopes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A scalable deep learning approach for solving high-dimensional dynamic optimal transport</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07521">arxiv:2205.07521</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Wei Wan, Yuejin Zhang, Chenglong Bao, Bin Dong, Zuoqiang Shi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The dynamic formulation of optimal transport has attracted growing interests in scientific computing and machine learning, and its computation requires to solve a PDE-constrained optimization problem. The classical Eulerian discretization based approaches suffer from the curse of dimensionality, which arises from the approximation of high-dimensional velocity field. In this work, we propose a deep learning based method to solve the dynamic optimal transport in high dimensional space. Our method contains three main ingredients: a carefully designed representation of the velocity field, the discretization of the PDE constraint along the characteristics, and the computation of high dimensional integral by Monte Carlo method in each time step. Specifically, in the representation of the velocity field, we apply the classical nodal basis function in time and the deep neural networks in space domain with the H1-norm regularization. This technique promotes the regularity of the velocity field in both time and space such that the discretization along the characteristic remains to be stable during the training process. Extensive numerical examples have been conducted to test the proposed method. Compared to other solvers of optimal transport, our method could give more accurate results in high dimensional cases and has very good scalability with respect to dimension. Finally, we extend our method to more complicated cases such as crowd motion problem.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural-Symbolic Models for Logical Queries on Knowledge Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.10128">arxiv:2205.10128</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhaocheng Zhu, Mikhail Galkin, Zuobai Zhang, Jian Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Answering complex first-order logic (FOL) queries on knowledge graphs is a fundamental task for multi-hop reasoning. Traditional symbolic methods traverse a complete knowledge graph to extract the answers, which provides good interpretation for each step. Recent neural methods learn geometric embeddings for complex queries. These methods can generalize to incomplete knowledge graphs, but their reasoning process is hard to interpret. In this paper, we propose Graph Neural Network Query Executor (GNN-QE), a neural-symbolic model that enjoys the advantages of both worlds. GNN-QE decomposes a complex FOL query into relation projections and logical operations over fuzzy sets, which provides interpretability for intermediate variables. To reason about the missing links, GNN-QE adapts a graph neural network from knowledge graph completion to execute the relation projections, and models the logical operations with product fuzzy logic. Extensive experiments on 3 datasets show that GNN-QE significantly improves over previous state-of-the-art models in answering FOL queries. Meanwhile, GNN-QE can predict the number of answers without explicit supervision, and provide visualizations for intermediate variables.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HelixADMET: a robust and endpoint extensible ADMET system incorporating self-supervised knowledge transfer</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08055">arxiv:2205.08055</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shanzhuo Zhang, Zhiyuan Yan, Yueyang Huang, Lihang Liu, Donglong He, Wei Wang, Xiaomin Fang, Xiaonan Zhang, Fan Wang, Hua Wu, Haifeng Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Accurate ADMET (an abbreviation for "absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and toxicity") predictions can efficiently screen out undesirable drug candidates in the early stage of drug discovery. In recent years, multiple comprehensive ADMET systems that adopt advanced machine learning models have been developed, providing services to estimate multiple endpoints. However, those ADMET systems usually suffer from weak extrapolation ability. First, due to the lack of labelled data for each endpoint, typical machine learning models perform frail for the molecules with unobserved scaffolds. Second, most systems only provide fixed built-in endpoints and cannot be customised to satisfy various research requirements. To this end, we develop a robust and endpoint extensible ADMET system, HelixADMET (H-ADMET). H-ADMET incorporates the concept of self-supervised learning to produce a robust pre-trained model. The model is then fine-tuned with a multi-task and multi-stage framework to transfer knowledge between ADMET endpoints, auxiliary tasks, and self-supervised tasks. Our results demonstrate that H-ADMET achieves an overall improvement of 4%, compared with existing ADMET systems on comparable endpoints. Additionally, the pre-trained model provided by H-ADMET can be fine-tuned to generate new and customised ADMET endpoints, meeting various demands of drug research and development requirements.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Autonomous Open-Ended Learning of Tasks with Non-Stationary Interdependencies</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07562">arxiv:2205.07562</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Alejandro Romero, Gianluca Baldassarre, Richard J. Duro, Vieri Giuliano Santucci</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Autonomous open-ended learning is a relevant approach in machine learning and robotics, allowing the design of artificial agents able to acquire goals and motor skills without the necessity of user assigned tasks. A crucial issue for this approach is to develop strategies to ensure that agents can maximise their competence on as many tasks as possible in the shortest possible time. Intrinsic motivations have proven to generate a task-agnostic signal to properly allocate the training time amongst goals. While the majority of works in the field of intrinsically motivated open-ended learning focus on scenarios where goals are independent from each other, only few of them studied the autonomous acquisition of interdependent tasks, and even fewer tackled scenarios where goals involve non-stationary interdependencies. Building on previous works, we tackle these crucial issues at the level of decision making (i.e., building strategies to properly select between goals), and we propose a hierarchical architecture that treating sub-tasks selection as a Markov Decision Process is able to properly learn interdependent skills on the basis of intrinsically generated motivations. In particular, we first deepen the analysis of a previous system, showing the importance of incorporating information about the relationships between tasks at a higher level of the architecture (that of goal selection). Then we introduce H-GRAIL, a new system that extends the previous one by adding a new learning layer to store the autonomously acquired sequences of tasks to be able to modify them in case the interdependencies are non-stationary. All systems are tested in a real robotic scenario, with a Baxter robot performing multiple interdependent reaching tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reachability Constrained Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07536">arxiv:2205.07536</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Dongjie Yu, Haitong Ma, Shengbo Eben Li, Jianyu Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Constrained Reinforcement Learning (CRL) has gained significant interest recently, since the satisfaction of safety constraints is critical for real world problems. However, existing CRL methods constraining discounted cumulative costs generally lack rigorous definition and guarantee of safety. On the other hand, in the safe control research, safety is defined as persistently satisfying certain state constraints. Such persistent safety is possible only on a subset of the state space, called feasible set, where an optimal largest feasible set exists for a given environment. Recent studies incorporating safe control with CRL using energy-based methods such as control barrier function (CBF), safety index (SI) leverage prior conservative estimation of feasible sets, which harms performance of the learned policy. To deal with this problem, this paper proposes a reachability CRL (RCRL) method by using reachability analysis to characterize the largest feasible sets. We characterize the feasible set by the established self-consistency condition, then a safety value function can be learned and used as constraints in CRL. We also use the multi-time scale stochastic approximation theory to prove that the proposed algorithm converges to a local optimum, where the largest feasible set can be guaranteed. Empirical results on different benchmarks such as safe-control-gym and Safety-Gym validate the learned feasible set, the performance in optimal criteria, and constraint satisfaction of RCRL, compared to state-of-the-art CRL baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Manifold Characteristics That Predict Downstream Task Performance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07477">arxiv:2205.07477</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ruan van der Merwe, Gregory Newman, Etienne Barnard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Pretraining methods are typically compared by evaluating the accuracy of linear classifiers, transfer learning performance, or visually inspecting the representation manifold's (RM) lower-dimensional projections. We show that the differences between methods can be understood more clearly by investigating the RM directly, which allows for a more detailed comparison. To this end, we propose a framework and new metric to measure and compare different RMs. We also investigate and report on the RM characteristics for various pretraining methods. These characteristics are measured by applying sequentially larger local alterations to the input data, using white noise injections and Projected Gradient Descent (PGD) adversarial attacks, and then tracking each datapoint. We calculate the total distance moved for each datapoint and the relative change in distance between successive alterations. We show that self-supervised methods learn an RM where alterations lead to large but constant size changes, indicating a smoother RM than fully supervised methods. We then combine these measurements into one metric, the Representation Manifold Quality Metric (RMQM), where larger values indicate larger and less variable step sizes, and show that RMQM correlates positively with performance on downstream tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Miutsu: NTU's TaskBot for the Alexa Prize</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07446">arxiv:2205.07446</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yen-Ting Lin, Hui-Chi Kuo, Ze-Song Xu, Ssu Chiu, Chieh-Chi Hung, Yi-Cheng Chen, Chao-Wei Huang, Yun-Nung Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper introduces Miutsu, National Taiwan University's Alexa Prize TaskBot, which is designed to assist users in completing tasks requiring multiple steps and decisions in two different domains -- home improvement and cooking. We overview our system design and architectural goals, and detail the proposed core elements, including question answering, task retrieval, social chatting, and various conversational modules. A dialogue flow is proposed to provide a robust and engaging conversation when handling complex tasks. We discuss the faced challenges during the competition and potential future work.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prediction of stent under-expansion in calcified coronary arteries using machine-learning on intravascular optical coherence tomography</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.10354">arxiv:2205.10354</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yazan Gharaibeh, Juhwan Lee, Vladislav N. Zimin, Chaitanya Kolluru, Luis A. P. Dallan, Gabriel T. R. Pereira, Armando Vergara-Martel, Justin N. Kim, Ammar Hoori, Pengfei Dong, Peshala T. Gamage, Linxia Gu, Hiram G. Bezerra, Sadeer Al-Kindi, David L. Wilson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** BACKGROUND Careful evaluation of the risk of stent under-expansions before the intervention will aid treatment planning, including the application of a pre-stent plaque modification strategy.
  OBJECTIVES It remains challenging to achieve a proper stent expansion in the presence of severely calcified coronary lesions. Building on our work in deep learning segmentation, we created an automated machine learning approach that uses lesion attributes to predict stent under-expansion from pre-stent images, suggesting the need for plaque modification.
  METHODS Pre- and post-stent intravascular optical coherence tomography image data were obtained from 110 coronary lesions. Lumen and calcifications in pre-stent images were segmented using deep learning, and numerous features per lesion were extracted. We analyzed stent expansion along the lesion, enabling frame, segmental, and whole-lesion analyses. We trained regression models to predict the poststent lumen area and then to compute the stent expansion index (SEI). Stents with an SEI < or >/= 80% were classified as "under-expanded" and "well-expanded," respectively.
  RESULTS Best performance (root-mean-square-error = 0.04+/-0.02 mm2, r = 0.94+/-0.04, p < 0.0001) was achieved when we used features from both the lumen and calcification to train a Gaussian regression model for a segmental analysis over a segment length of 31 frames. Under-expansion classification results (AUC=0.85+/-0.02) were significantly improved over other approaches.
  CONCLUSIONS We used calcifications and lumen features to identify lesions at risk of stent under-expansion. Results suggest that the use of pre-stent images can inform physicians of the need to apply plaque modification approaches.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable algorithms for physics-informed neural and graph networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08332">arxiv:2205.08332</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Khemraj Shukla, Mengjia Xu, Nathaniel Trask, George Em Karniadakis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Physics-informed machine learning (PIML) has emerged as a promising new approach for simulating complex physical and biological systems that are governed by complex multiscale processes for which some data are also available. In some instances, the objective is to discover part of the hidden physics from the available data, and PIML has been shown to be particularly effective for such problems for which conventional methods may fail. Unlike commercial machine learning where training of deep neural networks requires big data, in PIML big data are not available. Instead, we can train such networks from additional information obtained by employing the physical laws and evaluating them at random points in the space-time domain. Such physics-informed machine learning integrates multimodality and multifidelity data with mathematical models, and implements them using neural networks or graph networks. Here, we review some of the prevailing trends in embedding physics into machine learning, using physics-informed neural networks (PINNs) based primarily on feed-forward neural networks and automatic differentiation. For more complex systems or systems of systems and unstructured data, graph neural networks (GNNs) present some distinct advantages, and here we review how physics-informed learning can be accomplished with GNNs based on graph exterior calculus to construct differential operators; we refer to these architectures as physics-informed graph networks (PIGNs). We present representative examples for both forward and inverse problems and discuss what advances are needed to scale up PINNs, PIGNs and more broadly GNNs for large-scale engineering problems.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Framework for CSI-Based Indoor Localization with 1D Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08068">arxiv:2205.08068</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Liping Wang, Sudeep Pasricha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern indoor localization techniques are essential to overcome the weak GPS coverage in indoor environments. Recently, considerable progress has been made in Channel State Information (CSI) based indoor localization with signal fingerprints. However, CSI signal patterns can be complicated in the large and highly dynamic indoor spaces with complex interiors, thus a solution for solving this issue is urgently needed to expand the applications of CSI to a broader indoor space. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end solution including data collection, pattern clustering, denoising, calibration and a lightweight one-dimensional convolutional neural network (1D CNN) model with CSI fingerprinting to tackle this problem. We have also created and plan to open source a CSI dataset with a large amount of data collected across complex indoor environments at Colorado State University. Experiments indicate that our approach achieves up to 68.5% improved performance (mean distance error) with minimal number of parameters, compared to the best-known deep machine learning and CSI-based indoor localization works.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Natural evolutionary strategies applied to quantum-classical hybrid neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08059">arxiv:2205.08059</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Lucas Friedrich, Jonas Maziero</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the rapid development of quantum computers, several applications are being proposed for them. Quantum simulations, simulation of chemical reactions, solution of optimization problems and quantum neural networks are some examples. However, problems such as noise, limited number of qubits and circuit depth, and gradient vanishing must be resolved before we can use them to their full potential. In the field of quantum machine learning, several models have been proposed. In general, in order to train these different models, we use the gradient of a cost function with respect to the model parameters. In order to obtain this gradient, we must compute the derivative of this function with respect to the model parameters. For this we can use the method called parameter-shift rule. This method consists of evaluating the cost function twice for each parameter of the quantum network. A problem with this method is that the number of evaluations grows linearly with the number of parameters. In this work we study an alternative method, called Natural Evolutionary Strategies (NES), which are a family of black box optimization algorithms. An advantage of the NES method is that in using it one can control the number of times the cost function will be evaluated. We apply the NES method to the binary classification task, showing that this method is a viable alternative for training quantum neural networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DeepSim: A Reinforcement Learning Environment Build Toolkit for ROS and Gazebo</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08034">arxiv:2205.08034</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Woong Gyu La, Lingjie Kong, Sunil Muralidhara, Pratik Nichat</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose DeepSim, a reinforcement learning environment build toolkit for ROS and Gazebo. It allows machine learning or reinforcement learning researchers to access the robotics domain and create complex and challenging custom tasks in ROS and Gazebo simulation environments. This toolkit provides building blocks of advanced features such as collision detection, behaviour control, domain randomization, spawner, and many more. DeepSim is designed to reduce the boundary between robotics and machine learning communities by providing Python interface. In this paper, we discuss the components and design decisions of DeepSim Toolkit.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Power and limitations of single-qubit native quantum neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07848">arxiv:2205.07848</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Zhan Yu, Hongshun Yao, Mujin Li, Xin Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Quantum neural networks (QNNs) have emerged as a leading strategy to establish applications in machine learning, chemistry, and optimization. While the applications of QNN have been widely investigated, its theoretical foundation remains less understood. In this paper, we formulate a theoretical framework for the expressive ability of data re-uploading quantum neural networks that consist of interleaved encoding circuit blocks and trainable circuit blocks. First, we prove that single-qubit quantum neural networks can approximate any univariate function by mapping the model to a partial Fourier series. Beyond previous works' understanding of existence, we in particular establish the exact correlations between the parameters of the trainable gates and the working Fourier coefficients, by exploring connections to quantum signal processing. Second, we discuss the limitations of single-qubit native QNNs on approximating multivariate functions by analyzing the frequency spectrum and the flexibility of Fourier coefficients. We further demonstrate the expressivity and limitations of single-qubit native QNNs via numerical experiments. As applications, we introduce natural extensions to multi-qubit quantum neural networks, which exhibit the capability of classifying real-world multi-dimensional data. We believe these results would improve our understanding of QNNs and provide a helpful guideline for designing powerful QNNs for machine learning tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Physics-informed machine learning techniques for edge plasma turbulence modelling in computational theory and experiment</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07838">arxiv:2205.07838</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Abhilash Mathews</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Edge plasma turbulence is critical to the performance of magnetic confinement fusion devices. Towards better understanding edge turbulence in both theory and experiment, a custom-built physics-informed deep learning framework constrained by partial differential equations is developed to accurately learn turbulent fields consistent with the two-fluid theory from partial observations of electron pressure. This calculation is not otherwise possible using conventional equilibrium models. With this technique, the first direct quantitative comparisons of turbulent fields between electrostatic two-fluid theory and electromagnetic gyrokinetic modelling are demonstrated with good overall agreement found in magnetized helical plasmas at low normalized pressure.
  To translate these computational techniques to experimental fusion plasmas, a novel method to translate brightness measurements of HeI line radiation into local plasma fluctuations is demonstrated via a newly created deep learning framework that integrates neutral transport physics and collisional radiative theory for the $3^3 D - 2^3 P$ transition in atomic helium. Using fast camera data on the Alcator C-Mod tokamak, this thesis presents the first 2-dimensional time-dependent experimental measurements of the turbulent electron density, electron temperature, and neutral density in a fusion plasma using a single spectral line. With this experimentally inferred data, initial estimates of the 2-dimensional turbulent electric field consistent with drift-reduced Braginskii theory under the framework of an axisymmetric fusion plasma with purely toroidal field are calculated. The inclusion of atomic helium effects on particle and energy sources are found to strengthen correlations between the electric field and electron pressure while broadening turbulent field amplitudes which impact ${\bf E \times B}$ flows and shearing rates.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pest presence prediction using interpretable machine learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07723">arxiv:2205.07723</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ornela Nanushi, Vasileios Sitokonstantinou, Ilias Tsoumas, Charalampos Kontoes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Helicoverpa Armigera, or cotton bollworm, is a serious insect pest of cotton crops that threatens the yield and the quality of lint. The timely knowledge of the presence of the insects in the field is crucial for effective farm interventions. Meteo-climatic and vegetation conditions have been identified as key drivers of crop pest abundance. In this work, we applied an interpretable classifier, i.e., Explainable Boosting Machine, which uses earth observation vegetation indices, numerical weather predictions and insect trap catches to predict the onset of bollworm harmfulness in cotton fields in Greece. The glass-box nature of our approach provides significant insight on the main drivers of the model and the interactions among them. Model interpretability adds to the trustworthiness of our approach and therefore its potential for rapid uptake and context-based implementation in operational farm management scenarios. Our results are satisfactory and the importance of drivers, through our analysis on global and local explainability, is in accordance with the literature.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Space-to-Ground Data Availability for Agriculture Monitoring</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07721">arxiv:2205.07721</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>George Choumos, Alkiviadis Koukos, Vasileios Sitokonstantinou, Charalampos Kontoes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The recent advances in machine learning and the availability of free and open big Earth data (e.g., Sentinel missions), which cover large areas with high spatial and temporal resolution, have enabled many agriculture monitoring applications. One example is the control of subsidy allocations of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). Advanced remote sensing systems have been developed towards the large-scale evidence-based monitoring of the CAP. Nevertheless, the spatial resolution of satellite images is not always adequate to make accurate decisions for all fields. In this work, we introduce the notion of space-to-ground data availability, i.e., from the satellite to the field, in an attempt to make the best out of the complementary characteristics of the different sources. We present a space-to-ground dataset that contains Sentinel-1 radar and Sentinel-2 optical image time-series, as well as street-level images from the crowdsourcing platform Mapillary, for grassland fields in the area of Utrecht for 2017. The multifaceted utility of our dataset is showcased through the downstream task of grassland classification. We train machine and deep learning algorithms on these different data domains and highlight the potential of fusion techniques towards increasing the reliability of decisions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>From Dirichlet to Rubin: Optimistic Exploration in RL without Bonuses</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07704">arxiv:2205.07704</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Daniil Tiapkin, Denis Belomestny, Eric Moulines, Alexey Naumov, Sergey Samsonov, Yunhao Tang, Michal Valko, Pierre Menard</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose the Bayes-UCBVI algorithm for reinforcement learning in tabular, stage-dependent, episodic Markov decision process: a natural extension of the Bayes-UCB algorithm by Kaufmann et al. (2012) for multi-armed bandits. Our method uses the quantile of a Q-value function posterior as upper confidence bound on the optimal Q-value function. For Bayes-UCBVI, we prove a regret bound of order $\widetilde{O}(\sqrt{H^3SAT})$ where $H$ is the length of one episode, $S$ is the number of states, $A$ the number of actions, $T$ the number of episodes, that matches the lower-bound of $Ω(\sqrt{H^3SAT})$ up to poly-$\log$ terms in $H,S,A,T$ for a large enough $T$. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first algorithm that obtains an optimal dependence on the horizon $H$ (and $S$) without the need for an involved Bernstein-like bonus or noise. Crucial to our analysis is a new fine-grained anti-concentration bound for a weighted Dirichlet sum that can be of independent interest. We then explain how Bayes-UCBVI can be easily extended beyond the tabular setting, exhibiting a strong link between our algorithm and Bayesian bootstrap (Rubin, 1981).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PUCK: Parallel Surface and Convolution-kernel Tracking for Event-Based Cameras</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07657">arxiv:2205.07657</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Luna Gava, Marco Monforte, Massimiliano Iacono, Chiara Bartolozzi, Arren Glover</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Low latency and accuracy are fundamental requirements when vision is integrated in robots for high-speed interaction with targets, since they affect system reliability and stability. In such a scenario, the choice of the sensor and algorithms is important for the entire control loop. The technology of event-cameras can guarantee fast visual sensing in dynamic environments, but requires a tracking algorithm that can keep up with the high data rate induced by the robot ego-motion while maintaining accuracy and robustness to distractors. In this paper, we introduce a novel tracking method that leverages the Exponential Reduced Ordinal Surface (EROS) data representation to decouple event-by-event processing and tracking computation. The latter is performed using convolution kernels to detect and follow a circular target moving on a plane. To benchmark state-of-the-art event-based tracking, we propose the task of tracking the air hockey puck sliding on a surface, with the future aim of controlling the iCub robot to reach the target precisely and on time. Experimental results demonstrate that our algorithm achieves the best compromise between low latency and tracking accuracy both when the robot is still and when moving.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Taming Continuous Posteriors for Latent Variational Dialogue Policies</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07633">arxiv:2205.07633</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Marin Vlastelica, Patrick Ernst, Gyuri Szarvas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Utilizing amortized variational inference for latent-action reinforcement learning (RL) has been shown to be an effective approach in Task-oriented Dialogue (ToD) systems for optimizing dialogue success. Until now, categorical posteriors have been argued to be one of the main drivers of performance. In this work we revisit Gaussian variational posteriors for latent-action RL and show that they can yield even better performance than categoricals. We achieve this by simplifying the training procedure and propose ways to regularize the latent dialogue policy to retain good response coherence. Using continuous latent representations our model achieves state of the art dialogue success rate on the MultiWOZ benchmark, and also compares well to categorical latent methods in response coherence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Weakly-supervised Biomechanically-constrained CT/MRI Registration of the Spine</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07568">arxiv:2205.07568</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Bailiang Jian, Mohammad Farid Azampour, Francesca De Benetti, Johannes Oberreuter, Christina Bukas, Alexandra S. Gersing, Sarah C. Foreman, Anna-Sophia Dietrich, Jon Rischewski, Jan S. Kirschke, Nassir Navab, Thomas Wendler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** CT and MRI are two of the most informative modalities in spinal diagnostics and treatment planning. CT is useful when analysing bony structures, while MRI gives information about the soft tissue. Thus, fusing the information of both modalities can be very beneficial. Registration is the first step for this fusion. While the soft tissues around the vertebra are deformable, each vertebral body is constrained to move rigidly. We propose a weakly-supervised deep learning framework that preserves the rigidity and the volume of each vertebra while maximizing the accuracy of the registration. To achieve this goal, we introduce anatomy-aware losses for training the network. We specifically design these losses to depend only on the CT label maps since automatic vertebra segmentation in CT gives more accurate results contrary to MRI. We evaluate our method on an in-house dataset of 167 patients. Our results show that adding the anatomy-aware losses increases the plausibility of the inferred transformation while keeping the accuracy untouched.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Neuro-Symbolic ASP Pipeline for Visual Question Answering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07548">arxiv:2205.07548</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Thomas Eiter, Nelson Higuera, Johannes Oetsch, Michael Pritz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a neuro-symbolic visual question answering (VQA) pipeline for CLEVR, which is a well-known dataset that consists of pictures showing scenes with objects and questions related to them. Our pipeline covers (i) training neural networks for object classification and bounding-box prediction of the CLEVR scenes, (ii) statistical analysis on the distribution of prediction values of the neural networks to determine a threshold for high-confidence predictions, and (iii) a translation of CLEVR questions and network predictions that pass confidence thresholds into logic programs so that we can compute the answers using an ASP solver. By exploiting choice rules, we consider deterministic and non-deterministic scene encodings. Our experiments show that the non-deterministic scene encoding achieves good results even if the neural networks are trained rather poorly in comparison with the deterministic approach. This is important for building robust VQA systems if network predictions are less-than perfect. Furthermore, we show that restricting non-determinism to reasonable choices allows for more efficient implementations in comparison with related neuro-symbolic approaches without loosing much accuracy. This work is under consideration for acceptance in TPLP.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fair Shares: Feasibility, Domination and Incentives</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07519">arxiv:2205.07519</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Moshe Babaioff, Uriel Feige</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider fair allocation of a set $M$ of indivisible goods to $n$ equally-entitled agents, with no monetary transfers. Every agent $i$ has a valuation $v_i$ from some given class of valuation functions. A share $s$ is a function that maps a pair $(v_i,n)$ to a value, with the interpretation that if an allocation of $M$ to $n$ agents fails to give agent $i$ a bundle of value at least equal to $s(v_i,n)$, this serves as evidence that the allocation is not fair towards $i$. For such an interpretation to make sense, we would like the share to be feasible, meaning that for any valuations in the class, there is an allocation that gives every agent at least her share. The maximin share was a natural candidate for a feasible share for additive valuations. However, Kurokawa, Procaccia and Wang [2018] show that it is not feasible.
  We initiate a systematic study of the family of feasible shares. We say that a share is \emph{self maximizing} if truth-telling maximizes the implied guarantee. We show that every feasible share is dominated by some self-maximizing and feasible share. We seek to identify those self-maximizing feasible shares that are polynomial time computable, and offer the highest share values. We show that a SM-dominating feasible share -- one that dominates every self-maximizing (SM) feasible share -- does not exist for additive valuations (and beyond). Consequently, we relax the domination property to that of domination up to a multiplicative factor of $ρ$ (called $ρ$-dominating). For additive valuations we present shares that are feasible, self-maximizing and polynomial-time computable. For $n$ agents we present such a share that is $\frac{2n}{3n-1}$-dominating. For two agents we present such a share that is $(1 - ε)$-dominating. Moreover, for these shares we present poly-time algorithms that compute allocations that give every agent at least her share.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fusing Multiscale Texture and Residual Descriptors for Multilevel 2D Barcode Rebroadcasting Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.11242">arxiv:2205.11242</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anselmo Ferreira, Changcheng Chen, Mauro Barni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nowadays, 2D barcodes have been widely used for advertisement, mobile payment, and product authentication. However, in applications related to product authentication, an authentic 2D barcode can be illegally copied and attached to a counterfeited product in such a way to bypass the authentication scheme. In this paper, we employ a proprietary 2D barcode pattern and use multimedia forensics methods to analyse the scanning and printing artefacts resulting from the copy (rebroadcasting) attack. A diverse and complementary feature set is proposed to quantify the barcode texture distortions introduced during the illegal copying process. The proposed features are composed of global and local descriptors, which characterize the multi-scale texture appearance and the points of interest distribution, respectively. The proposed descriptors are compared against some existing texture descriptors and deep learning-based approaches under various scenarios, such as cross-datasets and cross-size. Experimental results highlight the practicality of the proposed method in real-world settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Poincaré Heterogeneous Graph Neural Networks for Sequential Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.11233">arxiv:2205.11233</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Naicheng Guo, Xiaolei Liu, Shaoshuai Li, Qiongxu Ma, Kaixin Gao, Bing Han, Lin Zheng, Xiaobo Guo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sequential recommendation (SR) learns users' preferences by capturing the sequential patterns from users' behaviors evolution. As discussed in many works, user-item interactions of SR generally present the intrinsic power-law distribution, which can be ascended to hierarchy-like structures. Previous methods usually handle such hierarchical information by making user-item sectionalization empirically under Euclidean space, which may cause distortion of user-item representation in real online scenarios. In this paper, we propose a Poincaré-based heterogeneous graph neural network named PHGR to model the sequential pattern information as well as hierarchical information contained in the data of SR scenarios simultaneously. Specifically, for the purpose of explicitly capturing the hierarchical information, we first construct a weighted user-item heterogeneous graph by aliening all the user-item interactions to improve the perception domain of each user from a global view. Then the output of the global representation would be used to complement the local directed item-item homogeneous graph convolution. By defining a novel hyperbolic inner product operator, the global and local graph representation learning are directly conducted in Poincaré ball instead of commonly used projection operation between Poincaré ball and Euclidean space, which could alleviate the cumulative error issue of general bidirectional translation process. Moreover, for the purpose of explicitly capturing the sequential dependency information, we design two types of temporal attention operations under Poincaré ball space. Empirical evaluations on datasets from the public and financial industry show that PHGR outperforms several comparison methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Artificial Neural Network Functionalized by Evolution</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.10118">arxiv:2205.10118</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Fabien Furfaro, Avner Bar-Hen, Geoffroy Berthelot</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The topology of artificial neural networks has a significant effect on their performance. Characterizing efficient topology is a field of promising research in Artificial Intelligence. However, it is not a trivial task and it is mainly experimented on through convolutional neural networks. We propose a hybrid model which combines the tensor calculus of feed-forward neural networks with Pseudo-Darwinian mechanisms. This allows for finding topologies that are well adapted for elaboration of strategies, control problems or pattern recognition tasks. In particular, the model can provide adapted topologies at early evolutionary stages, and 'structural convergence', which can found applications in robotics, big-data and artificial life.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Head Attention Neural Network for Smartphone Invariant Indoor Localization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08069">arxiv:2205.08069</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Saideep Tiku, Danish Gufran, Sudeep Pasricha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Smartphones together with RSSI fingerprinting serve as an efficient approach for delivering a low-cost and high-accuracy indoor localization solution. However, a few critical challenges have prevented the wide-spread proliferation of this technology in the public domain. One such critical challenge is device heterogeneity, i.e., the variation in the RSSI signal characteristics captured across different smartphone devices. In the real-world, the smartphones or IoT devices used to capture RSSI fingerprints typically vary across users of an indoor localization service. Conventional indoor localization solutions may not be able to cope with device-induced variations which can degrade their localization accuracy. We propose a multi-head attention neural network-based indoor localization framework that is resilient to device heterogeneity. An in-depth analysis of our proposed framework across a variety of indoor environments demonstrates up to 35% accuracy improvement compared to state-of-the-art indoor localization techniques.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Perfect Spectral Clustering with Discrete Covariates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08047">arxiv:2205.08047</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jonathan Hehir, Xiaoyue Niu, Aleksandra Slavkovic</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Among community detection methods, spectral clustering enjoys two desirable properties: computational efficiency and theoretical guarantees of consistency. Most studies of spectral clustering consider only the edges of a network as input to the algorithm. Here we consider the problem of performing community detection in the presence of discrete node covariates, where network structure is determined by a combination of a latent block model structure and homophily on the observed covariates. We propose a spectral algorithm that we prove achieves perfect clustering with high probability on a class of large, sparse networks with discrete covariates, effectively separating latent network structure from homophily on observed covariates. To our knowledge, our method is the first to offer a guarantee of consistent latent structure recovery using spectral clustering in the setting where edge formation is dependent on both latent and observed factors.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Shape complexity in cluster analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08046">arxiv:2205.08046</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Eduardo J. Aguilar, Valmir C. Barbosa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In cluster analysis, a common first step is to scale the data aiming to better partition them into clusters. Even though many different techniques have throughout many years been introduced to this end, it is probably fair to say that the workhorse in this preprocessing phase has been to divide the data by the standard deviation along each dimension. Like division by the standard deviation, the great majority of scaling techniques can be said to have roots in some sort of statistical take on the data. Here we explore the use of multidimensional shapes of data, aiming to obtain scaling factors for use prior to clustering by some method, like k-means, that makes explicit use of distances between samples. We borrow from the field of cosmology and related areas the recently introduced notion of shape complexity, which in the variant we use is a relatively simple, data-dependent nonlinear function that we show can be used to help with the determination of appropriate scaling factors. Focusing on what might be called "midrange" distances, we formulate a constrained nonlinear programming problem and use it to produce candidate scaling-factor sets that can be sifted on the basis of further considerations of the data, say via expert knowledge. We give results on some iconic data sets, highlighting the strengths and potential weaknesses of the new approach. These results are generally positive across all the data sets used.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Algebraic Constructions of Neural Networks with Small Weights</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08032">arxiv:2205.08032</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kordag Mehmet Kilic, Jin Sima, Jehoshua Bruck</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural gates compute functions based on weighted sums of the input variables. The expressive power of neural gates (number of distinct functions it can compute) depends on the weight sizes and, in general, large weights (exponential in the number of inputs) are required. Studying the trade-offs among the weight sizes, circuit size and depth is a well-studied topic both in circuit complexity theory and the practice of neural computation. We propose a new approach for studying these complexity trade-offs by considering a related algebraic framework. Specifically, given a single linear equation with arbitrary coefficients, we would like to express it using a system of linear equations with smaller (even constant) coefficients. The techniques we developed are based on Siegel's Lemma for the bounds, anti-concentration inequalities for the existential results and extensions of Sylvester-type Hadamard matrices for the constructions.
  We explicitly construct a constant weight, optimal size matrix to compute the EQUALITY function (checking if two integers expressed in binary are equal). Computing EQUALITY with a single linear equation requires exponentially large weights. In addition, we prove the existence of the best-known weight size (linear) matrices to compute the COMPARISON function (comparing between two integers expressed in binary). In the context of the circuit complexity theory, our results improve the upper bounds on the weight sizes for the best-known circuit sizes for EQUALITY and COMPARISON.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distributed Feature Selection for High-dimensional Additive Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07932">arxiv:2205.07932</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yifan He, Yong Zhou, Yang Feng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Distributed statistical learning is a common strategy for handling massive data where we divide the learning task into multiple local machines and aggregate the results afterward. However, most existing work considers the case where the samples are divided. In this work, we propose a new algorithm, DDAC-SpAM, that divides features under the high-dimensional sparse additive model. The new algorithm contains three steps: divide, decorrelate, and conquer. We show that after the decorrelation operation, every local estimator can recover the sparsity pattern for each additive component consistently without imposing strict constraints to the correlation structure among variables. Theoretical analysis of the aggregated estimator and empirical results on synthetic and real data illustrate that the DDAC-SpAM algorithm is effective and competitive in fitting sparse additive models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fat-Tailed Variational Inference with Anisotropic Tail Adaptive Flows</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07918">arxiv:2205.07918</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Feynman Liang, Liam Hodgkinson, Michael W. Mahoney</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While fat-tailed densities commonly arise as posterior and marginal distributions in robust models and scale mixtures, they present challenges when Gaussian-based variational inference fails to capture tail decay accurately. We first improve previous theory on tails of Lipschitz flows by quantifying how the tails affect the rate of tail decay and by expanding the theory to non-Lipschitz polynomial flows. Then, we develop an alternative theory for multivariate tail parameters which is sensitive to tail-anisotropy. In doing so, we unveil a fundamental problem which plagues many existing flow-based methods: they can only model tail-isotropic distributions (i.e., distributions having the same tail parameter in every direction). To mitigate this and enable modeling of tail-anisotropic targets, we propose anisotropic tail-adaptive flows (ATAF). Experimental results on both synthetic and real-world targets confirm that ATAF is competitive with prior work while also exhibiting appropriate tail-anisotropy.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decision Making for Hierarchical Multi-label Classification with Multidimensional Local Precision Rate</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07833">arxiv:2205.07833</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yuting Ye, Christine Ho, Ci-Ren Jiang, Wayne Tai Lee, Haiyan Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hierarchical multi-label classification (HMC) has drawn increasing attention in the past few decades. It is applicable when hierarchical relationships among classes are available and need to be incorporated along with the multi-label classification whereby each object is assigned to one or more classes. There are two key challenges in HMC: i) optimizing the classification accuracy, and meanwhile ii) ensuring the given class hierarchy. To address these challenges, in this article, we introduce a new statistic called the multidimensional local precision rate (mLPR) for each object in each class. We show that classification decisions made by simply sorting objects across classes in descending order of their true mLPRs can, in theory, ensure the class hierarchy and lead to the maximization of CATCH, an objective function we introduce that is related to the area under a hit curve. This approach is the first of its kind that handles both challenges in one objective function without additional constraints, thanks to the desirable statistical properties of CATCH and mLPR. In practice, however, true mLPRs are not available. In response, we introduce HierRank, a new algorithm that maximizes an empirical version of CATCH using estimated mLPRs while respecting the hierarchy. The performance of this approach was evaluated on a synthetic data set and two real data sets; ours was found to be superior to several comparison methods on evaluation criteria based on metrics such as precision, recall, and $F_1$ score.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Gradient-based Counterfactual Explanations using Tractable Probabilistic Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07774">arxiv:2205.07774</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiaoting Shao, Kristian Kersting</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Counterfactual examples are an appealing class of post-hoc explanations for machine learning models. Given input $x$ of class $y_1$, its counterfactual is a contrastive example $x^\prime$ of another class $y_0$. Current approaches primarily solve this task by a complex optimization: define an objective function based on the loss of the counterfactual outcome $y_0$ with hard or soft constraints, then optimize this function as a black-box. This "deep learning" approach, however, is rather slow, sometimes tricky, and may result in unrealistic counterfactual examples. In this work, we propose a novel approach to deal with these problems using only two gradient computations based on tractable probabilistic models. First, we compute an unconstrained counterfactual $u$ of $x$ to induce the counterfactual outcome $y_0$. Then, we adapt $u$ to higher density regions, resulting in $x^{\prime}$. Empirical evidence demonstrates the dominant advantages of our approach.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>JR2net: A Joint Non-Linear Representation and Recovery Network for Compressive Spectral Imaging</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07770">arxiv:2205.07770</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Brayan Monroy, Jorge Bacca, Henry Arguello</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning models are state-of-the-art in compressive spectral imaging (CSI) recovery. These methods use a deep neural network (DNN) as an image generator to learn non-linear mapping from compressed measurements to the spectral image. For instance, the deep spectral prior approach uses a convolutional autoencoder network (CAE) in the optimization algorithm to recover the spectral image by using a non-linear representation. However, the CAE training is detached from the recovery problem, which does not guarantee optimal representation of the spectral images for the CSI problem. This work proposes a joint non-linear representation and recovery network (JR2net), linking the representation and recovery task into a single optimization problem. JR2net consists of an optimization-inspired network following an ADMM formulation that learns a non-linear low-dimensional representation and simultaneously performs the spectral image recovery, trained via the end-to-end approach. Experimental results show the superiority of the proposed method with improvements up to 2.57 dB in PSNR and performance around 2000 times faster than state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Algorithms for Planning with Participation Constraints</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07767">arxiv:2205.07767</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hanrui Zhang, Yu Cheng, Vincent Conitzer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the problem of planning with participation constraints introduced in [Zhang et al., 2022]. In this problem, a principal chooses actions in a Markov decision process, resulting in separate utilities for the principal and the agent. However, the agent can and will choose to end the process whenever his expected onward utility becomes negative. The principal seeks to compute and commit to a policy that maximizes her expected utility, under the constraint that the agent should always want to continue participating. We provide the first polynomial-time exact algorithm for this problem for finite-horizon settings, where previously only an additive $\varepsilon$-approximation algorithm was known. Our approach can also be extended to the (discounted) infinite-horizon case, for which we give an algorithm that runs in time polynomial in the size of the input and $\log(1/\varepsilon)$, and returns a policy that is optimal up to an additive error of $\varepsilon$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On the inability of Gaussian process regression to optimally learn compositional functions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07764">arxiv:2205.07764</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Matteo Giordano, Kolyan Ray, Johannes Schmidt-Hieber</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We rigorously prove that deep Gaussian process priors can outperform Gaussian process priors if the target function has a compositional structure. To this end, we study information-theoretic lower bounds for posterior contraction rates for Gaussian process regression in a continuous regression model. We show that if the true function is a generalized additive function, then the posterior based on any mean-zero Gaussian process can only recover the truth at a rate that is strictly slower than the minimax rate by a factor that is polynomially suboptimal in the sample size $n$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalizing to Evolving Domains with Latent Structure-Aware Sequential Autoencoder</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07649">arxiv:2205.07649</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tiexin Qin, Shiqi Wang, Haoliang Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Domain generalization aims to improve the generalization capability of machine learning systems to out-of-distribution (OOD) data. Existing domain generalization techniques embark upon stationary and discrete environments to tackle the generalization issue caused by OOD data. However, many real-world tasks in non-stationary environments (e.g. self-driven car system, sensor measures) involve more complex and continuously evolving domain drift, which raises new challenges for the problem of domain generalization. In this paper, we formulate the aforementioned setting as the problem of evolving domain generalization. Specifically, we propose to introduce a probabilistic framework called Latent Structure-aware Sequential Autoencoder (LSSAE) to tackle the problem of evolving domain generalization via exploring the underlying continuous structure in the latent space of deep neural networks, where we aim to identify two major factors namely covariate shift and concept shift accounting for distribution shift in non-stationary environments. Experimental results on both synthetic and real-world datasets show that LSSAE can lead to superior performances based on the evolving domain generalization setting.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Assessing the Limits of the Distributional Hypothesis in Semantic Spaces: Trait-based Relational Knowledge and the Impact of Co-occurrences</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07603">arxiv:2205.07603</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mark Anderson, Jose Camacho-Collados</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The increase in performance in NLP due to the prevalence of distributional models and deep learning has brought with it a reciprocal decrease in interpretability. This has spurred a focus on what neural networks learn about natural language with less of a focus on how. Some work has focused on the data used to develop data-driven models, but typically this line of work aims to highlight issues with the data, e.g. highlighting and offsetting harmful biases. This work contributes to the relatively untrodden path of what is required in data for models to capture meaningful representations of natural language. This entails evaluating how well English and Spanish semantic spaces capture a particular type of relational knowledge, namely the traits associated with concepts (e.g. bananas-yellow), and exploring the role of co-occurrences in this context.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Qualitative Differences Between Evolutionary Strategies and Reinforcement Learning Methods for Control of Autonomous Agents</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07592">arxiv:2205.07592</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nicola Milano, Stefano Nolfi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we analyze the qualitative differences between evolutionary strategies and reinforcement learning algorithms by focusing on two popular state-of-the-art algorithms: the OpenAI-ES evolutionary strategy and the Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) reinforcement learning algorithm -- the most similar methods of the two families. We analyze how the methods differ with respect to: (i) general efficacy, (ii) ability to cope with sparse rewards, (iii) propensity/capacity to discover minimal solutions, (iv) dependency on reward shaping, and (v) ability to cope with variations of the environmental conditions. The analysis of the performance and of the behavioral strategies displayed by the agents trained with the two methods on benchmark problems enable us to demonstrate qualitative differences which were not identified in previous studies, to identify the relative weakness of the two methods, and to propose ways to ameliorate some of those weakness. We show that the characteristics of the reward function has a strong impact which vary qualitatively not only for the OpenAI-ES and the PPO but also for alternative reinforcement learning algorithms, thus demonstrating the importance of optimizing the characteristic of the reward function to the algorithm used.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The AI Teacher Test: Measuring the Pedagogical Ability of Blender and GPT-3 in Educational Dialogues</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07540">arxiv:2205.07540</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Anaïs Tack, Chris Piech</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** How can we test whether state-of-the-art generative models, such as Blender and GPT-3, are good AI teachers, capable of replying to a student in an educational dialogue? Designing an AI teacher test is challenging: although evaluation methods are much-needed, there is no off-the-shelf solution to measuring pedagogical ability. This paper reports on a first attempt at an AI teacher test. We built a solution around the insight that you can run conversational agents in parallel to human teachers in real-world dialogues, simulate how different agents would respond to a student, and compare these counterpart responses in terms of three abilities: speak like a teacher, understand a student, help a student. Our method builds on the reliability of comparative judgments in education and uses a probabilistic model and Bayesian sampling to infer estimates of pedagogical ability. We find that, even though conversational agents (Blender in particular) perform well on conversational uptake, they are quantifiably worse than real teachers on several pedagogical dimensions, especially with regard to helpfulness (Blender: Δ ability = -0.75; GPT-3: Δ ability = -0.93).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Wasserstein t-SNE</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07531">arxiv:2205.07531</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Fynn Bachmann, Philipp Hennig, Dmitry Kobak</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Scientific datasets often have hierarchical structure: for example, in surveys, individual participants (samples) might be grouped at a higher level (units) such as their geographical region. In these settings, the interest is often in exploring the structure on the unit level rather than on the sample level. Units can be compared based on the distance between their means, however this ignores the within-unit distribution of samples. Here we develop an approach for exploratory analysis of hierarchical datasets using the Wasserstein distance metric that takes into account the shapes of within-unit distributions. We use t-SNE to construct 2D embeddings of the units, based on the matrix of pairwise Wasserstein distances between them. The distance matrix can be efficiently computed by approximating each unit with a Gaussian distribution, but we also provide a scalable method to compute exact Wasserstein distances. We use synthetic data to demonstrate the effectiveness of our Wasserstein t-SNE, and apply it to data from the 2017 German parliamentary election, considering polling stations as samples and voting districts as units. The resulting embedding uncovers meaningful structure in the data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A model aggregation approach for high-dimensional large-scale optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07525">arxiv:2205.07525</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Haowei Wang, Ercong Zhang, Szu Hui Ng, Giulia Pedrielli</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian optimization (BO) has been widely used in machine learning and simulation optimization. With the increase in computational resources and storage capacities in these fields, high-dimensional and large-scale problems are becoming increasingly common. In this study, we propose a model aggregation method in the Bayesian optimization (MamBO) algorithm for efficiently solving high-dimensional large-scale optimization problems. MamBO uses a combination of subsampling and subspace embeddings to collectively address high dimensionality and large-scale issues; in addition, a model aggregation method is employed to address the surrogate model uncertainty issue that arises when embedding is applied. This surrogate model uncertainty issue is largely ignored in the embedding literature and practice, and it is exacerbated when the problem is high-dimensional and data are limited. Our proposed model aggregation method reduces these lower-dimensional surrogate model risks and improves the robustness of the BO algorithm. We derive an asymptotic bound for the proposed aggregated surrogate model and prove the convergence of MamBO. Benchmark numerical experiments indicate that our algorithm achieves superior or comparable performance to other commonly used high-dimensional BO algorithms. Moreover, we apply MamBO to a cascade classifier of a machine learning algorithm for face detection, and the results reveal that MamBO finds settings that achieve higher classification accuracy than the benchmark settings and is computationally faster than other high-dimensional BO algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>KGRGRL: A User's Permission Reasoning Method Based on Knowledge Graph Reward Guidance Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07502">arxiv:2205.07502</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lei Zhang, Yu Pan, Yi Liu, Qibin Zheng, Zhisong Pan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In general, multiple domain cyberspace security assessments can be implemented by reasoning user's permissions. However, while existing methods include some information from the physical and social domains, they do not provide a comprehensive representation of cyberspace. Existing reasoning methods are also based on expert-given rules, resulting in inefficiency and a low degree of intelligence. To address this challenge, we create a Knowledge Graph (KG) of multiple domain cyberspace in order to provide a standard semantic description of the multiple domain cyberspace. Following that, we proposed a user's permissions reasoning method based on reinforcement learning. All permissions in cyberspace are represented as nodes, and an agent is trained to find all permissions that user can have according to user's initial permissions and cyberspace KG. We set 10 reward setting rules based on the features of cyberspace KG in the reinforcement learning of reward information setting, so that the agent can better locate user's all permissions and avoid blindly finding user's permissions. The results of the experiments showed that the proposed method can successfully reason about user's permissions and increase the intelligence level of the user's permissions reasoning method. At the same time, the F1 value of the proposed method is 6% greater than that of the Translating Embedding (TransE) method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Ergodic variational flows</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07475">arxiv:2205.07475</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zuheng Xu, Naitong Chen, Trevor Campbell</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This work presents a new class of variational family -- ergodic variational flows -- that not only enables tractable i.i.d. sampling and density evaluation, but also comes with MCMC-like convergence guarantees. Ergodic variational flows consist of a mixture of repeated applications of a measure-preserving and ergodic map to an initial reference distribution. We provide mild conditions under which the variational distribution converges weakly and in total variation to the target as the number of steps in the flow increases; this convergence holds regardless of the value of variational parameters, although different parameter values may result in faster or slower convergence. Further, we develop a particular instantiation of the general family using Hamiltonian dynamics combined with deterministic momentum refreshment. Simulated and real data experiments provide an empirical verification of the convergence theory and demonstrate that samples produced by the method are of comparable quality to a state-of-the-art MCMC method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Adaptive Convolutional Dictionary Network for CT Metal Artifact Reduction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07471">arxiv:2205.07471</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hong Wang, Yuexiang Li, Deyu Meng, Yefeng Zheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Inspired by the great success of deep neural networks, learning-based methods have gained promising performances for metal artifact reduction (MAR) in computed tomography (CT) images. However, most of the existing approaches put less emphasis on modelling and embedding the intrinsic prior knowledge underlying this specific MAR task into their network designs. Against this issue, we propose an adaptive convolutional dictionary network (ACDNet), which leverages both model-based and learning-based methods. Specifically, we explore the prior structures of metal artifacts, e.g., non-local repetitive streaking patterns, and encode them as an explicit weighted convolutional dictionary model. Then, a simple-yet-effective algorithm is carefully designed to solve the model. By unfolding every iterative substep of the proposed algorithm into a network module, we explicitly embed the prior structure into a deep network, \emph{i.e.,} a clear interpretability for the MAR task. Furthermore, our ACDNet can automatically learn the prior for artifact-free CT images via training data and adaptively adjust the representation kernels for each input CT image based on its content. Hence, our method inherits the clear interpretability of model-based methods and maintains the powerful representation ability of learning-based methods. Comprehensive experiments executed on synthetic and clinical datasets show the superiority of our ACDNet in terms of effectiveness and model generalization. {\color{blue}{\textit{Code is available at {\url{https://github.com/hongwang01/ACDNet}.}}}}

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Gradient Descent Optimizes Infinite-Depth ReLU Implicit Networks with Linear Widths</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07463">arxiv:2205.07463</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tianxiang Gao, Hongyang Gao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Implicit deep learning has recently become popular in the machine learning community since these implicit models can achieve competitive performance with state-of-the-art deep networks while using significantly less memory and computational resources. However, our theoretical understanding of when and how first-order methods such as gradient descent (GD) converge on \textit{nonlinear} implicit networks is limited. Although this type of problem has been studied in standard feed-forward networks, the case of implicit models is still intriguing because implicit networks have \textit{infinitely} many layers. The corresponding equilibrium equation probably admits no or multiple solutions during training. This paper studies the convergence of both gradient flow (GF) and gradient descent for nonlinear ReLU activated implicit networks. To deal with the well-posedness problem, we introduce a fixed scalar to scale the weight matrix of the implicit layer and show that there exists a small enough scaling constant, keeping the equilibrium equation well-posed throughout training. As a result, we prove that both GF and GD converge to a global minimum at a linear rate if the width $m$ of the implicit network is \textit{linear} in the sample size $N$, i.e., $m=Ω(N)$.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Silicon Photonic Accelerator for Convolutional Neural Networks with Heterogeneous Quantization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.11244">arxiv:2205.11244</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Febin Sunny, Mahdi Nikdast, Sudeep Pasricha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Parameter quantization in convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can help generate efficient models with lower memory footprint and computational complexity. But, homogeneous quantization can result in significant degradation of CNN model accuracy. In contrast, heterogeneous quantization represents a promising approach to realize compact, quantized models with higher inference accuracies. In this paper, we propose HQNNA, a CNN accelerator based on non-coherent silicon photonics that can accelerate both homogeneously quantized and heterogeneously quantized CNN models. Our analyses show that HQNNA achieves up to 73.8x better energy-per-bit and 159.5x better throughput-energy efficiency than state-of-the-art photonic CNN accelerators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Topology-aware Graph Neural Networks for Learning Feasible and Adaptive ac-OPF Solutions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.10129">arxiv:2205.10129</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Shaohui Liu, Chengyang Wu, Hao Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Solving the optimal power flow (OPF) problem is a fundamental task to ensure the system efficiency and reliability in real-time electricity grid operations. We develop a new topology-informed graph neural network (GNN) approach for predicting the optimal solutions of real-time ac-OPF problem. To incorporate grid topology to the NN model, the proposed GNN-for-OPF framework innovatively exploits the locality property of locational marginal prices and voltage magnitude. Furthermore, we develop a physics-aware (ac-)flow feasibility regularization approach for general OPF learning. The advantages of our proposed designs include reduced model complexity, improved generalizability and feasibility guarantees. By providing the analytical understanding on the graph subspace stability under grid topology contingency, we show the proposed GNN can quickly adapt to varying grid topology by an efficient re-training strategy. Numerical tests on various test systems of different sizes have validated the prediction accuracy, improved flow feasibility, and topology adaptivity capability of our proposed GNN-based learning framework.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automated Mobility Context Detection with Inertial Signals</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08409">arxiv:2205.08409</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Antonio Bevilacqua, Lisa Alcock, Brian Caulfield, Eran Gazit, Clint Hansen, Neil Ireson, Georgiana Ifrim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Remote monitoring of motor functions is a powerful approach for health assessment, especially among the elderly population or among subjects affected by pathologies that negatively impact their walking capabilities. This is further supported by the continuous development of wearable sensor devices, which are getting progressively smaller, cheaper, and more energy efficient. The external environment and mobility context have an impact on walking performance, hence one of the biggest challenges when remotely analysing gait episodes is the ability to detect the context within which those episodes occurred. The primary goal of this paper is the investigation of context detection for remote monitoring of daily motor functions. We aim to understand whether inertial signals sampled with wearable accelerometers, provide reliable information to classify gait-related activities as either indoor or outdoor. We explore two different approaches to this task: (1) using gait descriptors and features extracted from the input inertial signals sampled during walking episodes, together with classic machine learning algorithms, and (2) treating the input inertial signals as time series data and leveraging end-to-end state-of-the-art time series classifiers. We directly compare the two approaches through a set of experiments based on data collected from 9 healthy individuals. Our results indicate that the indoor/outdoor context can be successfully derived from inertial data streams. We also observe that time series classification models achieve better accuracy than any other feature-based models, while preserving efficiency and ease of use.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multiscale reconstruction of porous media based on multiple dictionaries learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08278">arxiv:2205.08278</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Pengcheng Yan, Qizhi Teng, Xiaohai He, Zhenchuan Ma, Ningning Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Digital modeling of the microstructure is important for studying the physical and transport properties of porous media. Multiscale modeling for porous media can accurately characterize macro-pores and micro-pores in a large-FoV (field of view) high-resolution three-dimensional pore structure model. This paper proposes a multiscale reconstruction algorithm based on multiple dictionaries learning, in which edge patterns and micro-pore patterns from homology high-resolution pore structure are introduced into low-resolution pore structure to build a fine multiscale pore structure model. The qualitative and quantitative comparisons of the experimental results show that the results of multiscale reconstruction are similar to the real high-resolution pore structure in terms of complex pore geometry and pore surface morphology. The geometric, topological and permeability properties of multiscale reconstruction results are almost identical to those of the real high-resolution pore structures. The experiments also demonstrate the proposal algorithm is capable of multiscale reconstruction without regard to the size of the input. This work provides an effective method for fine multiscale modeling of porous media.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Survey on Machine Learning for Geo-Distributed Cloud Data Center Management</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08072">arxiv:2205.08072</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ninad Hogade, Sudeep Pasricha</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Cloud workloads today are typically managed in a distributed environment and processed across geographically distributed data centers. Cloud service providers have been distributing data centers globally to reduce operating costs while also improving quality of service by using intelligent workload and resource management strategies. Such large scale and complex orchestration of software workload and hardware resources remains a difficult problem to solve efficiently. Researchers and practitioners have been trying to address this problem by proposing a variety of cloud management techniques. Mathematical optimization techniques have historically been used to address cloud management issues. But these techniques are difficult to scale to geo-distributed problem sizes and have limited applicability in dynamic heterogeneous system environments, forcing cloud service providers to explore intelligent data-driven and Machine Learning (ML) based alternatives. The characterization, prediction, control, and optimization of complex, heterogeneous, and ever-changing distributed cloud resources and workloads employing ML methodologies have received much attention in recent years. In this article, we review the state-of-the-art ML techniques for the cloud data center management problem. We examine the challenges and the issues in current research focused on ML for cloud management and explore strategies for addressing these issues. We also discuss advantages and disadvantages of ML techniques presented in the recent literature and make recommendations for future research directions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automatic Error Classification and Root Cause Determination while Replaying Recorded Workload Data at SAP HANA</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08029">arxiv:2205.08029</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Neetha Jambigi, Thomas Bach, Felix Schabernack, Michael Felderer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Capturing customer workloads of database systems to replay these workloads during internal testing can be beneficial for software quality assurance. However, we experienced that such replays can produce a large amount of false positive alerts that make the results unreliable or time consuming to analyze. Therefore, we design a machine learning based approach that attributes root causes to the alerts. This provides several benefits for quality assurance and allows for example to classify whether an alert is true positive or false positive. Our approach considerably reduces manual effort and improves the overall quality assurance for the database system SAP HANA. We discuss the problem, the design and result of our approach, and we present practical limitations that may require further research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Many Field Packet Classification with Decomposition and Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07973">arxiv:2205.07973</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hasibul Jamil, Ning Yang, Ning Weng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Scalable packet classification is a key requirement to support scalable network applications like firewalls, intrusion detection, and differentiated services. With ever increasing in the line-rate in core networks, it becomes a great challenge to design a scalable packet classification solution using hand-tuned heuristics approaches. In this paper, we present a scalable learning-based packet classification engine by building an efficient data structure for different ruleset with many fields. Our method consists of the decomposition of fields into subsets and building separate decision trees on those subsets using a deep reinforcement learning procedure. To decompose given fields of a ruleset, we consider different grouping metrics like standard deviation of individual fields and introduce a novel metric called diversity index (DI). We examine different decomposition schemes and construct decision trees for each scheme using deep reinforcement learning and compare the results. The results show that the SD decomposition metrics results in 11.5% faster than DI metrics, 25% faster than random 2 and 40% faster than random 1. Furthermore, our learning-based selection method can be applied to varying rulesets due to its ruleset independence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast and realistic large-scale structure from machine-learning-augmented random field simulations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07898">arxiv:2205.07898</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Davide Piras, Benjamin Joachimi, Francisco Villaescusa-Navarro</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Producing thousands of simulations of the dark matter distribution in the Universe with increasing precision is a challenging but critical task to facilitate the exploitation of current and forthcoming cosmological surveys. Many inexpensive substitutes to full $N$-body simulations have been proposed, even though they often fail to reproduce the statistics of the smaller, non-linear scales. Among these alternatives, a common approximation is represented by the lognormal distribution, which comes with its own limitations as well, while being extremely fast to compute even for high-resolution density fields. In this work, we train a machine learning model to transform projected lognormal dark matter density fields to more realistic dark matter maps, as obtained from full $N$-body simulations. We detail the procedure that we follow to generate highly correlated pairs of lognormal and simulated maps, which we use as our training data, exploiting the information of the Fourier phases. We demonstrate the performance of our model comparing various statistical tests with different field resolutions, redshifts and cosmological parameters, proving its robustness and explaining its current limitations. The augmented lognormal random fields reproduce the power spectrum up to wavenumbers of $1 \ h \ \rm{Mpc}^{-1}$, the bispectrum and the peak counts within 10%, and always within the error bars, of the fiducial target simulations. Finally, we describe how we plan to integrate our proposed model with existing tools to yield more accurate spherical random fields for weak lensing analysis, going beyond the lognormal approximation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Expected Frequency Matrices of Elections: Computation, Geometry, and Preference Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07831">arxiv:2205.07831</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Niclas Boehmer, Robert Bredereck, Edith Elkind, Piotr Faliszewski, Stanisław Szufa</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We use the "map of elections" approach of Szufa et al. (AAMAS 2020) to analyze several well-known vote distributions. For each of them, we give an explicit formula or an efficient algorithm for computing its frequency matrix, which captures the probability that a given candidate appears in a given position in a sampled vote. We use these matrices to draw the "skeleton map" of distributions, evaluate its robustness, and analyze its properties. We further use them to identify the nature of several real-world elections.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GraphHD: Efficient graph classification using hyperdimensional computing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07826">arxiv:2205.07826</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Igor Nunes, Mike Heddes, Tony Givargis, Alexandru Nicolau, Alex Veidenbaum</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Hyperdimensional Computing (HDC) developed by Kanerva is a computational model for machine learning inspired by neuroscience. HDC exploits characteristics of biological neural systems such as high-dimensionality, randomness and a holographic representation of information to achieve a good balance between accuracy, efficiency and robustness. HDC models have already been proven to be useful in different learning applications, especially in resource-limited settings such as the increasingly popular Internet of Things (IoT). One class of learning tasks that is missing from the current body of work on HDC is graph classification. Graphs are among the most important forms of information representation, yet, to this day, HDC algorithms have not been applied to the graph learning problem in a general sense. Moreover, graph learning in IoT and sensor networks, with limited compute capabilities, introduce challenges to the overall design methodology. In this paper, we present GraphHD$-$a baseline approach for graph classification with HDC. We evaluate GraphHD on real-world graph classification problems. Our results show that when compared to the state-of-the-art Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) the proposed model achieves comparable accuracy, while training and inference times are on average 14.6$\times$ and 2.0$\times$ faster, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prioritizing Corners in OoD Detectors via Symbolic String Manipulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07736">arxiv:2205.07736</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chih-Hong Cheng, Changshun Wu, Emmanouil Seferis, Saddek Bensalem</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** For safety assurance of deep neural networks (DNNs), out-of-distribution (OoD) monitoring techniques are essential as they filter spurious input that is distant from the training dataset. This paper studies the problem of systematically testing OoD monitors to avoid cases where an input data point is tested as in-distribution by the monitor, but the DNN produces spurious output predictions. We consider the definition of "in-distribution" characterized in the feature space by a union of hyperrectangles learned from the training dataset. Thus the testing is reduced to finding corners in hyperrectangles distant from the available training data in the feature space. Concretely, we encode the abstract location of every data point as a finite-length binary string, and the union of all binary strings is stored compactly using binary decision diagrams (BDDs). We demonstrate how to use BDDs to symbolically extract corners distant from all data points within the training set. Apart from test case generation, we explain how to use the proposed corners to fine-tune the DNN to ensure that it does not predict overly confidently. The result is evaluated over examples such as number and traffic sign recognition.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Hyperdimensional computing encoding for feature selection on the use case of epileptic seizure detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07654">arxiv:2205.07654</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Una Pale, Tomas Teijeiro, David Atienza</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The healthcare landscape is moving from the reactive interventions focused on symptoms treatment to a more proactive prevention, from one-size-fits-all to personalized medicine, and from centralized to distributed paradigms. Wearable IoT devices and novel algorithms for continuous monitoring are essential components of this transition. Hyperdimensional (HD) computing is an emerging ML paradigm inspired by neuroscience research with various aspects interesting for IoT devices and biomedical applications. Here we explore the not yet addressed topic of optimal encoding of spatio-temporal data, such as electroencephalogram (EEG) signals, and all information it entails to the HD vectors. Further, we demonstrate how the HD computing framework can be used to perform feature selection by choosing an adequate encoding. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first approach to performing feature selection using HD computing in the literature. As a result, we believe it can support the ML community to further foster the research in multiple directions related to feature and channel selection, as well as model interpretability.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning-Based sensitivity analysis and feedback design for drug delivery of mixed therapy of cancer in the presence of high model uncertainties</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07482">arxiv:2205.07482</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mazen Alamir</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, a methodology is proposed that enables to analyze the sensitivity of the outcome of a therapy to unavoidable high dispersion of the patient specific parameters on one hand and to the choice of the parameters that define the drug delivery feedback strategy on the other hand. More precisely, a method is given that enables to extract and rank the most influent parameters that determine the probability of success/failure of a given feedback therapy for a given set of initial conditions over a cloud of realizations of uncertainties. Moreover predictors of the expectations of the amounts of drugs being used can also be derived. This enables to design an efficient stochastic optimization framework that guarantees safe contraction of the tumor while minimizing a weighted sum of the quantities of the different drugs being used. The framework is illustrated and validated using the example of a mixed therapy of cancer involving three combined drugs namely: a chemotherapy drug, an immunology vaccine and an immunotherapy drug. Finally, in this specific case, it is shown that dash-boards can be built in the 2D-space of the most influent state components that summarize the outcomes' probabilities and the associated drug usage as iso-values curves in the reduced state space.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards Lossless ANN-SNN Conversion under Ultra-Low Latency with Dual-Phase Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07473">arxiv:2205.07473</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ziming Wang, Shuang Lian, Yuhao Zhang, Xiaoxin Cui, Rui Yan, Huajin Tang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spiking neural network (SNN) operating with asynchronous discrete events shows higher energy efficiency. A popular approach to implement deep SNNs is ANN-SNN conversion combining both efficient training in ANNs and efficient inference in SNNs. However, the previous works mostly required thousands of time steps to achieve lossless conversion. In this paper, we first identify the underlying cause, i.e., misrepresentation of the negative or overflow residual membrane potential in SNNs. Furthermore, we systematically analyze the conversion error between SNNs and ANNs, and then decompose it into three folds: quantization error, clipping error, and residual membrane potential representation error. With such insights, we propose a dual-phase conversion algorithm to minimize those errors. As a result, our model achieves SOTA in both accuracy and accuracy-delay tradeoff with deep architectures (ResNet and VGG net). Specifically, we report SOTA accuracy within 16$\times$ speedup compared with the latest results. Meanwhile, lossless conversion is performed with at least 2$\times$ faster reasoning performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>$\mathscr{H}$-Consistency Estimation Error of Surrogate Loss Minimizers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.08017">arxiv:2205.08017</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Pranjal Awasthi, Anqi Mao, Mehryar Mohri, Yutao Zhong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We present a detailed study of estimation errors in terms of surrogate loss estimation errors. We refer to such guarantees as $\mathscr{H}$-consistency estimation error bounds, since they account for the hypothesis set $\mathscr{H}$ adopted. These guarantees are significantly stronger than $\mathscr{H}$-calibration or $\mathscr{H}$-consistency. They are also more informative than similar excess error bounds derived in the literature, when $\mathscr{H}$ is the family of all measurable functions. We prove general theorems providing such guarantees, for both the distribution-dependent and distribution-independent settings. We show that our bounds are tight, modulo a convexity assumption. We also show that previous excess error bounds can be recovered as special cases of our general results.
  We then present a series of explicit bounds in the case of the zero-one loss, with multiple choices of the surrogate loss and for both the family of linear functions and neural networks with one hidden-layer. We further prove more favorable distribution-dependent guarantees in that case. We also present a series of explicit bounds in the case of the adversarial loss, with surrogate losses based on the supremum of the $ρ$-margin, hinge or sigmoid loss and for the same two general hypothesis sets. Here too, we prove several enhancements of these guarantees under natural distributional assumptions. Finally, we report the results of simulations illustrating our bounds and their tightness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The use of deep learning in interventional radiotherapy (brachytherapy): a review with a focus on open source and open data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07516">arxiv:2205.07516</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Tobias Fechter, Ilias Sachpazidis, Dimos Baltas</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep learning advanced to one of the most important technologies in almost all medical fields. Especially in areas, related to medical imaging it plays a big role. However, in interventional radiotherapy (brachytherapy) deep learning is still in an early phase. In this review, first, we investigated and scrutinised the role of deep learning in all processes of interventional radiotherapy and directly related fields. Additionally we summarised the most recent developments. To reproduce results of deep learning algorithms both source code and training data must be available. Therefore, a second focus of this work was on the analysis of the availability of open source, open data and open models. In our analysis, we were able to show that deep learning plays already a major role in some areas of interventional radiotherapy, but is still hardly presented in others. Nevertheless, its impact is increasing with the years, partly self-propelled but also influenced by closely related fields. Open source, data and models are growing in number but are still scarce and unevenly distributed among different research groups. The reluctance in publishing code, data and models limits reproducibility and restricts evaluation to mono-institutional datasets. Summarised, deep learning will change positively the workflow of interventional radiotherapy but there is room for improvement when it comes to reproducible results and standardised evaluation methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>$q$-Munchausen Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07467">arxiv:2205.07467</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Lingwei Zhu, Zheng Chen, Eiji Uchibe, Takamitsu Matsubara</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The recently successful Munchausen Reinforcement Learning (M-RL) features implicit Kullback-Leibler (KL) regularization by augmenting the reward function with logarithm of the current stochastic policy. Though significant improvement has been shown with the Boltzmann softmax policy, when the Tsallis sparsemax policy is considered, the augmentation leads to a flat learning curve for almost every problem considered. We show that it is due to the mismatch between the conventional logarithm and the non-logarithmic (generalized) nature of Tsallis entropy. Drawing inspiration from the Tsallis statistics literature, we propose to correct the mismatch of M-RL with the help of $q$-logarithm/exponential functions. The proposed formulation leads to implicit Tsallis KL regularization under the maximum Tsallis entropy framework. We show such formulation of M-RL again achieves superior performance on benchmark problems and sheds light on more general M-RL with various entropic indices $q$.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.05.15]({{ '/2022/05/15/2022.05.15.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.05.17]({{ '/2022/05/17/2022.05.17.html' | relative_url }})