Prev: [2022.01.08]({{ '/2022/01/08/2022.01.08.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.01.10]({{ '/2022/01/10/2022.01.10.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-01-09, created on 2022-01-19


<details><summary><b>Fast solver for J2-perturbed Lambert problem using deep neural network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02942">arxiv:2201.02942</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Bin Yang, Shuang Li, Jinglang Feng, Massimiliano Vasile</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper presents a novel and fast solver for the J2-perturbed Lambert problem. The solver consists of an intelligent initial guess generator combined with a differential correction procedure. The intelligent initial guess generator is a deep neural network that is trained to correct the initial velocity vector coming from the solution of the unperturbed Lambert problem. The differential correction module takes the initial guess and uses a forward shooting procedure to further update the initial velocity and exactly meet the terminal conditions. Eight sample forms are analyzed and compared to find the optimum form to train the neural network on the J2-perturbed Lambert problem. The accuracy and performance of this novel approach will be demonstrated on a representative test case: the solution of a multi-revolution J2-perturbed Lambert problem in the Jupiter system. We will compare the performance of the proposed approach against a classical standard shooting method and a homotopy-based perturbed Lambert algorithm. It will be shown that, for a comparable level of accuracy, the proposed method is significantly faster than the other two.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Emotion Intensity and its Control for Emotional Voice Conversion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03967">arxiv:2201.03967</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Kun Zhou, Berrak Sisman, Rajib Rana, Björn W. Schuller, Haizhou Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Emotional voice conversion (EVC) seeks to convert the emotional state of an utterance while preserving the linguistic content and speaker identity. In EVC, emotions are usually treated as discrete categories overlooking the fact that speech also conveys emotions with various intensity levels that the listener can perceive. In this paper, we aim to explicitly characterize and control the intensity of emotion. We propose to disentangle the speaker style from linguistic content and encode the speaker style into a style embedding in a continuous space that forms the prototype of emotion embedding. We further learn the actual emotion encoder from an emotion-labelled database and study the use of relative attributes to represent fine-grained emotion intensity. To ensure emotional intelligibility, we incorporate emotion classification loss and emotion embedding similarity loss into the training of the EVC network. As desired, the proposed network controls the fine-grained emotion intensity in the output speech. Through both objective and subjective evaluations, we validate the effectiveness of the proposed network for emotional expressiveness and emotion intensity control.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Glance and Focus Networks for Dynamic Visual Recognition</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03014">arxiv:2201.03014</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Gao Huang, Yulin Wang, Kangchen Lv, Haojun Jiang, Wenhui Huang, Pengfei Qi, Shiji Song</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Spatial redundancy widely exists in visual recognition tasks, i.e., discriminative features in an image or video frame usually correspond to only a subset of pixels, while the remaining regions are irrelevant to the task at hand. Therefore, static models which process all the pixels with an equal amount of computation result in considerable redundancy in terms of time and space consumption. In this paper, we formulate the image recognition problem as a sequential coarse-to-fine feature learning process, mimicking the human visual system. Specifically, the proposed Glance and Focus Network (GFNet) first extracts a quick global representation of the input image at a low resolution scale, and then strategically attends to a series of salient (small) regions to learn finer features. The sequential process naturally facilitates adaptive inference at test time, as it can be terminated once the model is sufficiently confident about its prediction, avoiding further redundant computation. It is worth noting that the problem of locating discriminant regions in our model is formulated as a reinforcement learning task, thus requiring no additional manual annotations other than classification labels. GFNet is general and flexible as it is compatible with any off-the-shelf backbone models (such as MobileNets, EfficientNets and TSM), which can be conveniently deployed as the feature extractor. Extensive experiments on a variety of image classification and video recognition tasks and with various backbone models demonstrate the remarkable efficiency of our method. For example, it reduces the average latency of the highly efficient MobileNet-V3 on an iPhone XS Max by 1.3x without sacrificing accuracy. Code and pre-trained models are available at https://github.com/blackfeather-wang/GFNet-Pytorch.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MAXIM: Multi-Axis MLP for Image Processing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02973">arxiv:2201.02973</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Zhengzhong Tu, Hossein Talebi, Han Zhang, Feng Yang, Peyman Milanfar, Alan Bovik, Yinxiao Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent progress on Transformers and multi-layer perceptron (MLP) models provide new network architectural designs for computer vision tasks. Although these models proved to be effective in many vision tasks such as image recognition, there remain challenges in adapting them for low-level vision. The inflexibility to support high-resolution images and limitations of local attention are perhaps the main bottlenecks for using Transformers and MLPs in image restoration. In this work we present a multi-axis MLP based architecture, called MAXIM, that can serve as an efficient and flexible general-purpose vision backbone for image processing tasks. MAXIM uses a UNet-shaped hierarchical structure and supports long-range interactions enabled by spatially-gated MLPs. Specifically, MAXIM contains two MLP-based building blocks: a multi-axis gated MLP that allows for efficient and scalable spatial mixing of local and global visual cues, and a cross-gating block, an alternative to cross-attention, which accounts for cross-feature mutual conditioning. Both these modules are exclusively based on MLPs, but also benefit from being both global and `fully-convolutional', two properties that are desirable for image processing. Our extensive experimental results show that the proposed MAXIM model achieves state-of-the-art performance on more than ten benchmarks across a range of image processing tasks, including denoising, deblurring, deraining, dehazing, and enhancement while requiring fewer or comparable numbers of parameters and FLOPs than competitive models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Towards the Next 1000 Languages in Multilingual Machine Translation: Exploring the Synergy Between Supervised and Self-Supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03110">arxiv:2201.03110</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Aditya Siddhant, Ankur Bapna, Orhan Firat, Yuan Cao, Mia Xu Chen, Isaac Caswell, Xavier Garcia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Achieving universal translation between all human language pairs is the holy-grail of machine translation (MT) research. While recent progress in massively multilingual MT is one step closer to reaching this goal, it is becoming evident that extending a multilingual MT system simply by training on more parallel data is unscalable, since the availability of labeled data for low-resource and non-English-centric language pairs is forbiddingly limited. To this end, we present a pragmatic approach towards building a multilingual MT model that covers hundreds of languages, using a mixture of supervised and self-supervised objectives, depending on the data availability for different language pairs. We demonstrate that the synergy between these two training paradigms enables the model to produce high-quality translations in the zero-resource setting, even surpassing supervised translation quality for low- and mid-resource languages. We conduct a wide array of experiments to understand the effect of the degree of multilingual supervision, domain mismatches and amounts of parallel and monolingual data on the quality of our self-supervised multilingual models. To demonstrate the scalability of the approach, we train models with over 200 languages and demonstrate high performance on zero-resource translation on several previously under-studied languages. We hope our findings will serve as a stepping stone towards enabling translation for the next thousand languages.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Uncovering the Source of Machine Bias</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03092">arxiv:2201.03092</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Xiyang Hu, Yan Huang, Beibei Li, Tian Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We develop a structural econometric model to capture the decision dynamics of human evaluators on an online micro-lending platform, and estimate the model parameters using a real-world dataset. We find two types of biases in gender, preference-based bias and belief-based bias, are present in human evaluators' decisions. Both types of biases are in favor of female applicants. Through counterfactual simulations, we quantify the effect of gender bias on loan granting outcomes and the welfare of the company and the borrowers. Our results imply that both the existence of the preference-based bias and that of the belief-based bias reduce the company's profits. When the preference-based bias is removed, the company earns more profits. When the belief-based bias is removed, the company's profits also increase. Both increases result from raising the approval probability for borrowers, especially male borrowers, who eventually pay back loans. For borrowers, the elimination of either bias decreases the gender gap of the true positive rates in the credit risk evaluation. We also train machine learning algorithms on both the real-world data and the data from the counterfactual simulations. We compare the decisions made by those algorithms to see how evaluators' biases are inherited by the algorithms and reflected in machine-based decisions. We find that machine learning algorithms can mitigate both the preference-based bias and the belief-based bias.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The State of Aerial Surveillance: A Survey</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03080">arxiv:2201.03080</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Kien Nguyen, Clinton Fookes, Sridha Sridharan, Yingli Tian, Feng Liu, Xiaoming Liu, Arun Ross</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The rapid emergence of airborne platforms and imaging sensors are enabling new forms of aerial surveillance due to their unprecedented advantages in scale, mobility, deployment and covert observation capabilities. This paper provides a comprehensive overview of human-centric aerial surveillance tasks from a computer vision and pattern recognition perspective. It aims to provide readers with an in-depth systematic review and technical analysis of the current state of aerial surveillance tasks using drones, UAVs and other airborne platforms. The main object of interest is humans, where single or multiple subjects are to be detected, identified, tracked, re-identified and have their behavior analyzed. More specifically, for each of these four tasks, we first discuss unique challenges in performing these tasks in an aerial setting compared to a ground-based setting. We then review and analyze the aerial datasets publicly available for each task, and delve deep into the approaches in the aerial literature and investigate how they presently address the aerial challenges. We conclude the paper with discussion on the missing gaps and open research questions to inform future research avenues.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust and Resource-Efficient Data-Free Knowledge Distillation by Generative Pseudo Replay</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03019">arxiv:2201.03019</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Kuluhan Binici, Shivam Aggarwal, Nam Trung Pham, Karianto Leman, Tulika Mitra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data-Free Knowledge Distillation (KD) allows knowledge transfer from a trained neural network (teacher) to a more compact one (student) in the absence of original training data. Existing works use a validation set to monitor the accuracy of the student over real data and report the highest performance throughout the entire process. However, validation data may not be available at distillation time either, making it infeasible to record the student snapshot that achieved the peak accuracy. Therefore, a practical data-free KD method should be robust and ideally provide monotonically increasing student accuracy during distillation. This is challenging because the student experiences knowledge degradation due to the distribution shift of the synthetic data. A straightforward approach to overcome this issue is to store and rehearse the generated samples periodically, which increases the memory footprint and creates privacy concerns. We propose to model the distribution of the previously observed synthetic samples with a generative network. In particular, we design a Variational Autoencoder (VAE) with a training objective that is customized to learn the synthetic data representations optimally. The student is rehearsed by the generative pseudo replay technique, with samples produced by the VAE. Hence knowledge degradation can be prevented without storing any samples. Experiments on image classification benchmarks show that our method optimizes the expected value of the distilled model accuracy while eliminating the large memory overhead incurred by the sample-storing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Resolving Camera Position for a Practical Application of Gaze Estimation on Edge Devices</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02946">arxiv:2201.02946</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Linh Van Ma, Tin Trung Tran, Moongu Jeon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most Gaze estimation research only works on a setup condition that a camera perfectly captures eyes gaze. They have not literarily specified how to set up a camera correctly for a given position of a person. In this paper, we carry out a study on gaze estimation with a logical camera setup position. We further bring our research in a practical application by using inexpensive edge devices with a realistic scenario. That is, we first set up a shopping environment where we want to grasp customers gazing behaviors. This setup needs an optimal camera position in order to maintain estimation accuracy from existing gaze estimation research. We then apply the state-of-the-art of few-shot learning gaze estimation to reduce training sampling in the inference phase. In the experiment, we perform our implemented research on NVIDIA Jetson TX2 and achieve a reasonable speed, 12 FPS which is faster compared with our reference work, without much degradation of gaze estimation accuracy. The source code is released at https://github.com/linh-gist/GazeEstimationTX2.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Collaborative Reflection-Augmented Autoencoder Network for Recommender Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03158">arxiv:2201.03158</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Lianghao Xia, Chao Huang, Yong Xu, Huance Xu, Xiang Li, Weiguo Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** As the deep learning techniques have expanded to real-world recommendation tasks, many deep neural network based Collaborative Filtering (CF) models have been developed to project user-item interactions into latent feature space, based on various neural architectures, such as multi-layer perceptron, auto-encoder and graph neural networks. However, the majority of existing collaborative filtering systems are not well designed to handle missing data. Particularly, in order to inject the negative signals in the training phase, these solutions largely rely on negative sampling from unobserved user-item interactions and simply treating them as negative instances, which brings the recommendation performance degradation. To address the issues, we develop a Collaborative Reflection-Augmented Autoencoder Network (CRANet), that is capable of exploring transferable knowledge from observed and unobserved user-item interactions. The network architecture of CRANet is formed of an integrative structure with a reflective receptor network and an information fusion autoencoder module, which endows our recommendation framework with the ability of encoding implicit user's pairwise preference on both interacted and non-interacted items. Additionally, a parametric regularization-based tied-weight scheme is designed to perform robust joint training of the two-stage CRANet model. We finally experimentally validate CRANet on four diverse benchmark datasets corresponding to two recommendation tasks, to show that debiasing the negative signals of user-item interactions improves the performance as compared to various state-of-the-art recommendation techniques. Our source code is available at https://github.com/akaxlh/CRANet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>COVID-19 Infection Segmentation from Chest CT Images Based on Scale Uncertainty</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03053">arxiv:2201.03053</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Masahiro Oda, Tong Zheng, Yuichiro Hayashi, Yoshito Otake, Masahiro Hashimoto, Toshiaki Akashi, Shigeki Aoki, Kensaku Mori</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes a segmentation method of infection regions in the lung from CT volumes of COVID-19 patients. COVID-19 spread worldwide, causing many infected patients and deaths. CT image-based diagnosis of COVID-19 can provide quick and accurate diagnosis results. An automated segmentation method of infection regions in the lung provides a quantitative criterion for diagnosis. Previous methods employ whole 2D image or 3D volume-based processes. Infection regions have a considerable variation in their sizes. Such processes easily miss small infection regions. Patch-based process is effective for segmenting small targets. However, selecting the appropriate patch size is difficult in infection region segmentation. We utilize the scale uncertainty among various receptive field sizes of a segmentation FCN to obtain infection regions. The receptive field sizes can be defined as the patch size and the resolution of volumes where patches are clipped from. This paper proposes an infection segmentation network (ISNet) that performs patch-based segmentation and a scale uncertainty-aware prediction aggregation method that refines the segmentation result. We design ISNet to segment infection regions that have various intensity values. ISNet has multiple encoding paths to process patch volumes normalized by multiple intensity ranges. We collect prediction results generated by ISNets having various receptive field sizes. Scale uncertainty among the prediction results is extracted by the prediction aggregation method. We use an aggregation FCN to generate a refined segmentation result considering scale uncertainty among the predictions. In our experiments using 199 chest CT volumes of COVID-19 cases, the prediction aggregation method improved the dice similarity score from 47.6% to 62.1%.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Applying Artificial Intelligence for Age Estimation in Digital Forensic Investigations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03045">arxiv:2201.03045</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Thomas Grubl, Harjinder Singh Lallie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The precise age estimation of child sexual abuse and exploitation (CSAE) victims is one of the most significant digital forensic challenges. Investigators often need to determine the age of victims by looking at images and interpreting the sexual development stages and other human characteristics. The main priority - safeguarding children -- is often negatively impacted by a huge forensic backlog, cognitive bias and the immense psychological stress that this work can entail. This paper evaluates existing facial image datasets and proposes a new dataset tailored to the needs of similar digital forensic research contributions. This small, diverse dataset of 0 to 20-year-old individuals contains 245 images and is merged with 82 unique images from the FG-NET dataset, thus achieving a total of 327 images with high image diversity and low age range density. The new dataset is tested on the Deep EXpectation (DEX) algorithm pre-trained on the IMDB-WIKI dataset. The overall results for young adolescents aged 10 to 15 and older adolescents/adults aged 16 to 20 are very encouraging -- achieving MAEs as low as 1.79, but also suggest that the accuracy for children aged 0 to 10 needs further work. In order to determine the efficacy of the prototype, valuable input of four digital forensic experts, including two forensic investigators, has been taken into account to improve age estimation results. Further research is required to extend datasets both concerning image density and the equal distribution of factors such as gender and racial diversity.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning class prototypes from Synthetic InSAR with Vision Transformers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03016">arxiv:2201.03016</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Nikolaos Ioannis Bountos, Dimitrios Michail, Ioannis Papoutsis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The detection of early signs of volcanic unrest preceding an eruption, in the form of ground deformation in Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar (InSAR) data is critical for assessing volcanic hazard. In this work we treat this as a binary classification problem of InSAR images, and propose a novel deep learning methodology that exploits a rich source of synthetically generated interferograms to train quality classifiers that perform equally well in real interferograms. The imbalanced nature of the problem, with orders of magnitude fewer positive samples, coupled with the lack of a curated database with labeled InSAR data, sets a challenging task for conventional deep learning architectures. We propose a new framework for domain adaptation, in which we learn class prototypes from synthetic data with vision transformers. We report detection accuracy that surpasses the state of the art on volcanic unrest detection. Moreover, we built upon this knowledge by learning a new, non-linear, projection between the learnt representations and prototype space, using pseudo labels produced by our model from an unlabeled real InSAR dataset. This leads to the new state of the art with $97.1%$ accuracy on our test set. We demonstrate the robustness of our approach by training a simple ResNet-18 Convolutional Neural Network on the unlabeled real InSAR dataset with pseudo-labels generated from our top transformer-prototype model. Our methodology provides a significant improvement in performance without the need of manually labeling any sample, opening the road for further exploitation of synthetic InSAR data in various remote sensing applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Invariance encoding in sliced-Wasserstein space for image classification with limited training data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02980">arxiv:2201.02980</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mohammad Shifat-E-Rabbi, Yan Zhuang, Shiying Li, Abu Hasnat Mohammad Rubaiyat, Xuwang Yin, Gustavo K. Rohde</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are broadly considered to be state-of-the-art generic end-to-end image classification systems. However, they are known to underperform when training data are limited and thus require data augmentation strategies that render the method computationally expensive and not always effective. Rather than using a data augmentation strategy to encode invariances as typically done in machine learning, here we propose to mathematically augment a nearest subspace classification model in sliced-Wasserstein space by exploiting certain mathematical properties of the Radon Cumulative Distribution Transform (R-CDT), a recently introduced image transform. We demonstrate that for a particular type of learning problem, our mathematical solution has advantages over data augmentation with deep CNNs in terms of classification accuracy and computational complexity, and is particularly effective under a limited training data setting. The method is simple, effective, computationally efficient, non-iterative, and requires no parameters to be tuned. Python code implementing our method is available at https://github.com/rohdelab/mathematical_augmentation. Our method is integrated as a part of the software package PyTransKit, which is available at https://github.com/rohdelab/PyTransKit.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distributed Cooperative Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning with Directed Coordination Graph</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.04962">arxiv:2201.04962</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Gangshan Jing, He Bai, Jemin George, Aranya Chakrabortty, Piyush. K. Sharma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing distributed cooperative multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) frameworks usually assume undirected coordination graphs and communication graphs while estimating a global reward via consensus algorithms for policy evaluation. Such a framework may induce expensive communication costs and exhibit poor scalability due to requirement of global consensus. In this work, we study MARLs with directed coordination graphs, and propose a distributed RL algorithm where the local policy evaluations are based on local value functions. The local value function of each agent is obtained by local communication with its neighbors through a directed learning-induced communication graph, without using any consensus algorithm. A zeroth-order optimization (ZOO) approach based on parameter perturbation is employed to achieve gradient estimation. By comparing with existing ZOO-based RL algorithms, we show that our proposed distributed RL algorithm guarantees high scalability. A distributed resource allocation example is shown to illustrate the effectiveness of our algorithm.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimal and Differentially Private Data Acquisition: Central and Local Mechanisms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03968">arxiv:2201.03968</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Alireza Fallah, Ali Makhdoumi, Azarakhsh Malekian, Asuman Ozdaglar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider a platform's problem of collecting data from privacy sensitive users to estimate an underlying parameter of interest. We formulate this question as a Bayesian-optimal mechanism design problem, in which an individual can share her (verifiable) data in exchange for a monetary reward or services, but at the same time has a (private) heterogeneous privacy cost which we quantify using differential privacy. We consider two popular differential privacy settings for providing privacy guarantees for the users: central and local. In both settings, we establish minimax lower bounds for the estimation error and derive (near) optimal estimators for given heterogeneous privacy loss levels for users. Building on this characterization, we pose the mechanism design problem as the optimal selection of an estimator and payments that will elicit truthful reporting of users' privacy sensitivities. Under a regularity condition on the distribution of privacy sensitivities we develop efficient algorithmic mechanisms to solve this problem in both privacy settings. Our mechanism in the central setting can be implemented in time $\mathcal{O}(n \log n)$ where $n$ is the number of users and our mechanism in the local setting admits a Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme (PTAS).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Loss-calibrated expectation propagation for approximate Bayesian decision-making</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03128">arxiv:2201.03128</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Michael J. Morais, Jonathan W. Pillow</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Approximate Bayesian inference methods provide a powerful suite of tools for finding approximations to intractable posterior distributions. However, machine learning applications typically involve selecting actions, which -- in a Bayesian setting -- depend on the posterior distribution only via its contribution to expected utility. A growing body of work on loss-calibrated approximate inference methods has therefore sought to develop posterior approximations sensitive to the influence of the utility function. Here we introduce loss-calibrated expectation propagation (Loss-EP), a loss-calibrated variant of expectation propagation. This method resembles standard EP with an additional factor that "tilts" the posterior towards higher-utility decisions. We show applications to Gaussian process classification under binary utility functions with asymmetric penalties on False Negative and False Positive errors, and show how this asymmetry can have dramatic consequences on what information is "useful" to capture in an approximation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Information-Theoretic Bias Reduction via Causal View of Spurious Correlation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03121">arxiv:2201.03121</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Seonguk Seo, Joon-Young Lee, Bohyung Han</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose an information-theoretic bias measurement technique through a causal interpretation of spurious correlation, which is effective to identify the feature-level algorithmic bias by taking advantage of conditional mutual information. Although several bias measurement methods have been proposed and widely investigated to achieve algorithmic fairness in various tasks such as face recognition, their accuracy- or logit-based metrics are susceptible to leading to trivial prediction score adjustment rather than fundamental bias reduction. Hence, we design a novel debiasing framework against the algorithmic bias, which incorporates a bias regularization loss derived by the proposed information-theoretic bias measurement approach. In addition, we present a simple yet effective unsupervised debiasing technique based on stochastic label noise, which does not require the explicit supervision of bias information. The proposed bias measurement and debiasing approaches are validated in diverse realistic scenarios through extensive experiments on multiple standard benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Stability Based Generalization Bounds for Exponential Family Langevin Dynamics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03064">arxiv:2201.03064</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Arindam Banerjee, Tiancong Chen, Xinyan Li, Yingxue Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study generalization bounds for noisy stochastic mini-batch iterative algorithms based on the notion of stability. Recent years have seen key advances in data-dependent generalization bounds for noisy iterative learning algorithms such as stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics (SGLD) based on stability (Mou et al., 2018; Li et al., 2020) and information theoretic approaches (Xu and Raginsky, 2017; Negrea et al., 2019; Steinke and Zakynthinou, 2020; Haghifam et al., 2020). In this paper, we unify and substantially generalize stability based generalization bounds and make three technical advances. First, we bound the generalization error of general noisy stochastic iterative algorithms (not necessarily gradient descent) in terms of expected (not uniform) stability. The expected stability can in turn be bounded by a Le Cam Style Divergence. Such bounds have a O(1/n) sample dependence unlike many existing bounds with O(1/\sqrt{n}) dependence. Second, we introduce Exponential Family Langevin Dynamics(EFLD) which is a substantial generalization of SGLD and which allows exponential family noise to be used with stochastic gradient descent (SGD). We establish data-dependent expected stability based generalization bounds for general EFLD algorithms. Third, we consider an important special case of EFLD: noisy sign-SGD, which extends sign-SGD using Bernoulli noise over {-1,+1}. Generalization bounds for noisy sign-SGD are implied by that of EFLD and we also establish optimization guarantees for the algorithm. Further, we present empirical results on benchmark datasets to illustrate that our bounds are non-vacuous and quantitatively much sharper than existing bounds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Lung infection and normal region segmentation from CT volumes of COVID-19 cases</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03050">arxiv:2201.03050</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Masahiro Oda, Yuichiro Hayashi, Yoshito Otake, Masahiro Hashimoto, Toshiaki Akashi, Kensaku Mori</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper proposes an automated segmentation method of infection and normal regions in the lung from CT volumes of COVID-19 patients. From December 2019, novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) spreads over the world and giving significant impacts to our economic activities and daily lives. To diagnose the large number of infected patients, diagnosis assistance by computers is needed. Chest CT is effective for diagnosis of viral pneumonia including COVID-19. A quantitative analysis method of condition of the lung from CT volumes by computers is required for diagnosis assistance of COVID-19. This paper proposes an automated segmentation method of infection and normal regions in the lung from CT volumes using a COVID-19 segmentation fully convolutional network (FCN). In diagnosis of lung diseases including COVID-19, analysis of conditions of normal and infection regions in the lung is important. Our method recognizes and segments lung normal and infection regions in CT volumes. To segment infection regions that have various shapes and sizes, we introduced dense pooling connections and dilated convolutions in our FCN. We applied the proposed method to CT volumes of COVID-19 cases. From mild to severe cases of COVID-19, the proposed method correctly segmented normal and infection regions in the lung. Dice scores of normal and infection regions were 0.911 and 0.753, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A hybrid estimation of distribution algorithm for joint stratification and sample allocation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.04068">arxiv:2201.04068</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mervyn O'Luing, Steven Prestwich, S. Armagan Tarim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this study we propose a hybrid estimation of distribution algorithm (HEDA) to solve the joint stratification and sample allocation problem. This is a complex problem in which each the quality of each stratification from the set of all possible stratifications is measured its optimal sample allocation. EDAs are stochastic black-box optimization algorithms which can be used to estimate, build and sample probability models in the search for an optimal stratification. In this paper we enhance the exploitation properties of the EDA by adding a simulated annealing algorithm to make it a hybrid EDA. Results of empirical comparisons for atomic and continuous strata show that the HEDA attains the bests results found so far when compared to benchmark tests on the same data using a grouping genetic algorithm, simulated annealing algorithm or hill-climbing algorithm. However, the execution times and total execution are, in general, higher for the HEDA.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multimodal Representations Learning Based on Mutual Information Maximization and Minimization and Identity Embedding for Multimodal Sentiment Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03969">arxiv:2201.03969</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiahao Zheng, Sen Zhang, Xiaoping Wang, Zhigang Zeng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multimodal sentiment analysis (MSA) is a fundamental complex research problem due to the heterogeneity gap between different modalities and the ambiguity of human emotional expression. Although there have been many successful attempts to construct multimodal representations for MSA, there are still two challenges to be addressed: 1) A more robust multimodal representation needs to be constructed to bridge the heterogeneity gap and cope with the complex multimodal interactions, and 2) the contextual dynamics must be modeled effectively throughout the information flow. In this work, we propose a multimodal representation model based on Mutual information Maximization and Minimization and Identity Embedding (MMMIE). We combine mutual information maximization between modal pairs, and mutual information minimization between input data and corresponding features to mine the modal-invariant and task-related information. Furthermore, Identity Embedding is proposed to prompt the downstream network to perceive the contextual information. Experimental results on two public datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A multi-scale sampling method for accurate and robust deep neural network to predict combustion chemical kinetics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03549">arxiv:2201.03549</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tianhan Zhang, Yuxiao Yi, Yifan Xu, Zhi X. Chen, Yaoyu Zhang, Weinan E, Zhi-Qin John Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Machine learning has long been considered as a black box for predicting combustion chemical kinetics due to the extremely large number of parameters and the lack of evaluation standards and reproducibility. The current work aims to understand two basic questions regarding the deep neural network (DNN) method: what data the DNN needs and how general the DNN method can be. Sampling and preprocessing determine the DNN training dataset, further affect DNN prediction ability. The current work proposes using Box-Cox transformation (BCT) to preprocess the combustion data. In addition, this work compares different sampling methods with or without preprocessing, including the Monte Carlo method, manifold sampling, generative neural network method (cycle-GAN), and newly-proposed multi-scale sampling. Our results reveal that the DNN trained by the manifold data can capture the chemical kinetics in limited configurations but cannot remain robust toward perturbation, which is inevitable for the DNN coupled with the flow field. The Monte Carlo and cycle-GAN samplings can cover a wider phase space but fail to capture small-scale intermediate species, producing poor prediction results. A three-hidden-layer DNN, based on the multi-scale method without specific flame simulation data, allows predicting chemical kinetics in various scenarios and being stable during the temporal evolutions. This single DNN is readily implemented with several CFD codes and validated in various combustors, including (1). zero-dimensional autoignition, (2). one-dimensional freely propagating flame, (3). two-dimensional jet flame with triple-flame structure, and (4). three-dimensional turbulent lifted flames. The results demonstrate the satisfying accuracy and generalization ability of the pre-trained DNN. The Fortran and Python versions of DNN and example code are attached in the supplementary for reproducibility.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhancing Low-Light Images in Real World via Cross-Image Disentanglement</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03145">arxiv:2201.03145</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lanqing Guo, Renjie Wan, Wenhan Yang, Alex Kot, Bihan Wen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Images captured in the low-light condition suffer from low visibility and various imaging artifacts, e.g., real noise. Existing supervised enlightening algorithms require a large set of pixel-aligned training image pairs, which are hard to prepare in practice. Though weakly-supervised or unsupervised methods can alleviate such challenges without using paired training images, some real-world artifacts inevitably get falsely amplified because of the lack of corresponded supervision. In this paper, instead of using perfectly aligned images for training, we creatively employ the misaligned real-world images as the guidance, which are considerably easier to collect. Specifically, we propose a Cross-Image Disentanglement Network (CIDN) to separately extract cross-image brightness and image-specific content features from low/normal-light images. Based on that, CIDN can simultaneously correct the brightness and suppress image artifacts in the feature domain, which largely increases the robustness to the pixel shifts. Furthermore, we collect a new low-light image enhancement dataset consisting of misaligned training images with real-world corruptions. Experimental results show that our model achieves state-of-the-art performances on both the newly proposed dataset and other popular low-light datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Interpretable Federated Learning-based Network Intrusion Detection Framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03134">arxiv:2201.03134</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tian Dong, Song Li, Han Qiu, Jialiang Lu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning-based Network Intrusion Detection Systems (NIDSs) are widely deployed for defending various cyberattacks. Existing learning-based NIDS mainly uses Neural Network (NN) as a classifier that relies on the quality and quantity of cyberattack data. Such NN-based approaches are also hard to interpret for improving efficiency and scalability. In this paper, we design a new local-global computation paradigm, FEDFOREST, a novel learning-based NIDS by combining the interpretable Gradient Boosting Decision Tree (GBDT) and Federated Learning (FL) framework. Specifically, FEDFOREST is composed of multiple clients that extract local cyberattack data features for the server to train models and detect intrusions. A privacy-enhanced technology is also proposed in FEDFOREST to further defeat the privacy of the FL systems. Extensive experiments on 4 cyberattack datasets of different tasks demonstrate that FEDFOREST is effective, efficient, interpretable, and extendable. FEDFOREST ranks first in the collaborative learning and cybersecurity competition 2021 for Chinese college students.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Systematic biases when using deep neural networks for annotating large catalogs of astronomical images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03131">arxiv:2201.03131</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sanchari Dhar, Lior Shamir</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) have become the most common solution for automatic image annotation due to their non-parametric nature, good performance, and their accessibility through libraries such as TensorFlow. Among other fields, DCNNs are also a common approach to the annotation of large astronomical image databases acquired by digital sky surveys. One of the main downsides of DCNNs is the complex non-intuitive rules that make DCNNs act as a ``black box", providing annotations in a manner that is unclear to the user. Therefore, the user is often not able to know what information is used by the DCNNs for the classification. Here we demonstrate that the training of a DCNN is sensitive to the context of the training data such as the location of the objects in the sky. We show that for basic classification of elliptical and spiral galaxies, the sky location of the galaxies used for training affects the behavior of the algorithm, and leads to a small but consistent and statistically significant bias. That bias exhibits itself in the form of cosmological-scale anisotropy in the distribution of basic galaxy morphology. Therefore, while DCNNs are powerful tools for annotating images of extended sources, the construction of training sets for galaxy morphology should take into consideration more aspects than the visual appearance of the object. In any case, catalogs created with deep neural networks that exhibit signs of cosmological anisotropy should be interpreted with the possibility of consistent bias.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Semantic and sentiment analysis of selected Bhagavad Gita translations using BERT-based language framework</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03115">arxiv:2201.03115</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Rohitash Chandra, Venkatesh Kulkarni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It is well known that translations of songs and poems not only breaks rhythm and rhyming patterns, but also results in loss of semantic information. The Bhagavad Gita is an ancient Hindu philosophical text originally written in Sanskrit that features a conversation between Lord Krishna and Arjuna prior to the Mahabharata war. The Bhagavad Gita is also one of the key sacred texts in Hinduism and known as the forefront of the Vedic corpus of Hinduism. In the last two centuries, there has been a lot of interest in Hindu philosophy by western scholars and hence the Bhagavad Gita has been translated in a number of languages. However, there is not much work that validates the quality of the English translations. Recent progress of language models powered by deep learning has enabled not only translations but better understanding of language and texts with semantic and sentiment analysis. Our work is motivated by the recent progress of language models powered by deep learning methods. In this paper, we compare selected translations (mostly from Sanskrit to English) of the Bhagavad Gita using semantic and sentiment analyses. We use hand-labelled sentiment dataset for tuning state-of-art deep learning-based language model known as \textit{bidirectional encoder representations from transformers} (BERT). We use novel sentence embedding models to provide semantic analysis for selected chapters and verses across translations. Finally, we use the aforementioned models for sentiment and semantic analyses and provide visualisation of results. Our results show that although the style and vocabulary in the respective Bhagavad Gita translations vary widely, the sentiment analysis and semantic similarity shows that the message conveyed are mostly similar across the translations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Preserving Domain Private Representation via Mutual Information Maximization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03102">arxiv:2201.03102</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiahong Chen, Jing Wang, Weipeng Lin, Kuangen Zhang, Clarence W. de Silva</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent advances in unsupervised domain adaptation have shown that mitigating the domain divergence by extracting the domain-invariant representation could significantly improve the generalization of a model to an unlabeled data domain. Nevertheless, the existing methods fail to effectively preserve the representation that is private to the label-missing domain, which could adversely affect the generalization. In this paper, we propose an approach to preserve such representation so that the latent distribution of the unlabeled domain could represent both the domain-invariant features and the individual characteristics that are private to the unlabeled domain. In particular, we demonstrate that maximizing the mutual information between the unlabeled domain and its latent space while mitigating the domain divergence can achieve such preservation. We also theoretically and empirically validate that preserving the representation that is private to the unlabeled domain is important and of necessity for the cross-domain generalization. Our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods on several public datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Medication Error Detection Using Contextual Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03035">arxiv:2201.03035</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Yu Jiang, Christian Poellabauer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Medication errors most commonly occur at the ordering or prescribing stage, potentially leading to medical complications and poor health outcomes. While it is possible to catch these errors using different techniques; the focus of this work is on textual and contextual analysis of prescription information to detect and prevent potential medication errors. In this paper, we demonstrate how to use BERT-based contextual language models to detect anomalies in written or spoken text based on a data set extracted from real-world medical data of thousands of patient records. The proposed models are able to learn patterns of text dependency and predict erroneous output based on contextual information such as patient data. The experimental results yield accuracy up to 96.63% for text input and up to 79.55% for speech input, which is satisfactory for most real-world applications.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Meta-Generalization for Multiparty Privacy Learning to Identify Anomaly Multimedia Traffic in Graynet</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03027">arxiv:2201.03027</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Satoshi Kamo, Yiqiang Sheng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Identifying anomaly multimedia traffic in cyberspace is a big challenge in distributed service systems, multiple generation networks and future internet of everything. This letter explores meta-generalization for a multiparty privacy learning model in graynet to improve the performance of anomaly multimedia traffic identification. The multiparty privacy learning model in graynet is a globally shared model that is partitioned, distributed and trained by exchanging multiparty parameters updates with preserving private data. The meta-generalization refers to discovering the inherent attributes of a learning model to reduce its generalization error. In experiments, three meta-generalization principles are tested as follows. The generalization error of the multiparty privacy learning model in graynet is reduced by changing the dimension of byte-level imbedding. Following that, the error is reduced by adapting the depth for extracting packet-level features. Finally, the error is reduced by adjusting the size of support set for preprocessing traffic-level data. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposal outperforms the state-of-the-art learning models for identifying anomaly multimedia traffic.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Privacy-aware Early Detection of COVID-19 through Adversarial Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03004">arxiv:2201.03004</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Omid Rohanian, Samaneh Kouchaki, Andrew Soltan, Jenny Yang, Morteza Rohanian, Yang Yang, David Clifton</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Early detection of COVID-19 is an ongoing area of research that can help with triage, monitoring and general health assessment of potential patients and may reduce operational strain on hospitals that cope with the coronavirus pandemic. Different machine learning techniques have been used in the literature to detect coronavirus using routine clinical data (blood tests, and vital signs). Data breaches and information leakage when using these models can bring reputational damage and cause legal issues for hospitals. In spite of this, protecting healthcare models against leakage of potentially sensitive information is an understudied research area. In this work, we examine two machine learning approaches, intended to predict a patient's COVID-19 status using routinely collected and readily available clinical data. We employ adversarial training to explore robust deep learning architectures that protect attributes related to demographic information about the patients. The two models we examine in this work are intended to preserve sensitive information against adversarial attacks and information leakage. In a series of experiments using datasets from the Oxford University Hospitals, Bedfordshire Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust, and Portsmouth Hospitals University NHS Trust we train and test two neural networks that predict PCR test results using information from basic laboratory blood tests, and vital signs performed on a patients' arrival to hospital. We assess the level of privacy each one of the models can provide and show the efficacy and robustness of our proposed architectures against a comparable baseline. One of our main contributions is that we specifically target the development of effective COVID-19 detection models with built-in mechanisms in order to selectively protect sensitive attributes against adversarial attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Rethink Stealthy Backdoor Attacks in Natural Language Processing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02993">arxiv:2201.02993</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lingfeng Shen, Haiyun Jiang, Lemao Liu, Shuming Shi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, it has been shown that natural language processing (NLP) models are vulnerable to a kind of security threat called the Backdoor Attack, which utilizes a `backdoor trigger' paradigm to mislead the models. The most threatening backdoor attack is the stealthy backdoor, which defines the triggers as text style or syntactic. Although they have achieved an incredible high attack success rate (ASR), we find that the principal factor contributing to their ASR is not the `backdoor trigger' paradigm. Thus the capacity of these stealthy backdoor attacks is overestimated when categorized as backdoor attacks. Therefore, to evaluate the real attack power of backdoor attacks, we propose a new metric called attack successful rate difference (ASRD), which measures the ASR difference between clean state and poison state models. Besides, since the defenses against stealthy backdoor attacks are absent, we propose Trigger Breaker, consisting of two too simple tricks that can defend against stealthy backdoor attacks effectively. Experiments on text classification tasks show that our method achieves significantly better performance than state-of-the-art defense methods against stealthy backdoor attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Survey on Face Recognition Systems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02991">arxiv:2201.02991</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jash Dalvi, Sanket Bafna, Devansh Bagaria, Shyamal Virnodkar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Face Recognition has proven to be one of the most successful technology and has impacted heterogeneous domains. Deep learning has proven to be the most successful at computer vision tasks because of its convolution-based architecture. Since the advent of deep learning, face recognition technology has had a substantial increase in its accuracy. In this paper, some of the most impactful face recognition systems were surveyed. Firstly, the paper gives an overview of a general face recognition system. Secondly, the survey covers various network architectures and training losses that have had a substantial impact. Finally, the paper talks about various databases that are used to evaluate the capabilities of a face recognition system.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An Adaptive Device-Edge Co-Inference Framework Based on Soft Actor-Critic</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02968">arxiv:2201.02968</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Tao Niu, Yinglei Teng, Zhu Han, Panpan Zou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, the applications of deep neural network (DNN) have been very prominent in many fields such as computer vision (CV) and natural language processing (NLP) due to its superior feature extraction performance. However, the high-dimension parameter model and large-scale mathematical calculation restrict the execution efficiency, especially for Internet of Things (IoT) devices. Different from the previous cloud/edge-only pattern that brings huge pressure for uplink communication and device-only fashion that undertakes unaffordable calculation strength, we highlight the collaborative computation between the device and edge for DNN models, which can achieve a good balance between the communication load and execution accuracy. Specifically, a systematic on-demand co-inference framework is proposed to exploit the multi-branch structure, in which the pre-trained Alexnet is right-sized through \emph{early-exit} and partitioned at an intermediate DNN layer. The integer quantization is enforced to further compress transmission bits. As a result, we establish a new Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) optimizer-Soft Actor Critic for discrete (SAC-d), which generates the \emph{exit point}, \emph{partition point}, and \emph{compressing bits} by soft policy iterations. Based on the latency and accuracy aware reward design, such an optimizer can well adapt to the complex environment like dynamic wireless channel and arbitrary CPU processing, and is capable of supporting the 5G URLLC. Real-world experiment on Raspberry Pi 4 and PC shows the outperformance of the proposed solution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust classification with flexible discriminant analysis in heterogeneous data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02967">arxiv:2201.02967</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Pierre Houdouin, Frédéric Pascal, Matthieu Jonckheere, Andrew Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Linear and Quadratic Discriminant Analysis are well-known classical methods but can heavily suffer from non-Gaussian distributions and/or contaminated datasets, mainly because of the underlying Gaussian assumption that is not robust. To fill this gap, this paper presents a new robust discriminant analysis where each data point is drawn by its own arbitrary Elliptically Symmetrical (ES) distribution and its own arbitrary scale parameter. Such a model allows for possibly very heterogeneous, independent but non-identically distributed samples. After deriving a new decision rule, it is shown that maximum-likelihood parameter estimation and classification are very simple, fast and robust compared to state-of-the-art methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Weak Supervision for Affordable Modeling of Electrocardiogram Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02936">arxiv:2201.02936</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mononito Goswami, Benedikt Boecking, Artur Dubrawski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Analysing electrocardiograms (ECGs) is an inexpensive and non-invasive, yet powerful way to diagnose heart disease. ECG studies using Machine Learning to automatically detect abnormal heartbeats so far depend on large, manually annotated datasets. While collecting vast amounts of unlabeled data can be straightforward, the point-by-point annotation of abnormal heartbeats is tedious and expensive. We explore the use of multiple weak supervision sources to learn diagnostic models of abnormal heartbeats via human designed heuristics, without using ground truth labels on individual data points. Our work is among the first to define weak supervision sources directly on time series data. Results show that with as few as six intuitive time series heuristics, we are able to infer high quality probabilistic label estimates for over 100,000 heartbeats with little human effort, and use the estimated labels to train competitive classifiers evaluated on held out test data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning Approach for Efficient Client Selection in Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02932">arxiv:2201.02932</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Sai Qian Zhang, Jieyu Lin, Qi Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Federated learning (FL) is a training technique that enables client devices to jointly learn a shared model by aggregating locally-computed models without exposing their raw data. While most of the existing work focuses on improving the FL model accuracy, in this paper, we focus on the improving the training efficiency, which is often a hurdle for adopting FL in real-world applications. Specifically, we design an efficient FL framework which jointly optimizes model accuracy, processing latency and communication efficiency, all of which are primary design considerations for real implementation of FL. Inspired by the recent success of Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning (MARL) in solving complex control problems, we present \textit{FedMarl}, an MARL-based FL framework which performs efficient run-time client selection. Experiments show that FedMarl can significantly improve model accuracy with much lower processing latency and communication cost.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>RecoMed: A Knowledge-Aware Recommender System for Hypertension Medications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.05461">arxiv:2201.05461</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Maryam Sajde, Hamed Malek, Mehran Mohsenzadeh</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Background and Objective High medicine diversity has always been a significant challenge for prescription, causing confusion or doubt in physicians' decision-making process. This paper aims to develop a medicine recommender system called RecoMed to aid the physician in the prescription process of hypertension by providing information about what medications have been prescribed by other doctors and figuring out what other medicines can be recommended in addition to the one in question. Methods There are two steps to the developed method: First, association rule mining algorithms are employed to find medicine association rules. The second step entails graph mining and clustering to present an enriched recommendation via ATC code, which itself comprises several steps. First, the initial graph is constructed from historical prescription data. Then, data pruning is performed in the second step, after which the medicines with a high repetition rate are removed at the discretion of a general medical practitioner. Next, the medicines are matched to a well-known medicine classification system called the ATC code to provide an enriched recommendation. And finally, the DBSCAN and Louvain algorithms cluster medicines in the final step. Results A list of recommended medicines is provided as the system's output, and physicians can choose one or more of the medicines based on the patient's clinical symptoms. Only the medicines of class 2, related to high blood pressure medications, are used to assess the system's performance. The results obtained from this system have been reviewed and confirmed by an expert in this field.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Supervised Contrastive Learning for Recommendation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03144">arxiv:2201.03144</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Chun Yang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Compared with the traditional collaborative filtering methods, the graph convolution network can explicitly model the interaction between the nodes of the user-item bipartite graph and effectively use higher-order neighbors, which enables the graph neural network to obtain more effective embeddings for recommendation, such as NGCF And LightGCN. However, its representations is very susceptible to the noise of interaction. In response to this problem, SGL explored the self-supervised learning on the user-item graph to improve the robustness of GCN. Although effective, we found that SGL directly applies SimCLR's comparative learning framework. This framework may not be directly applicable to the scenario of the recommendation system, and does not fully consider the uncertainty of user-item interaction.In this work, we aim to consider the application of contrastive learning in the scenario of the recommendation system adequately, making it more suitable for recommendation task. We propose a supervised contrastive learning framework to pre-train the user-item bipartite graph, and then fine-tune the graph convolutional neural network. Specifically, we will compare the similarity between users and items during data preprocessing, and then when applying contrastive learning, not only will the augmented views be regarded as the positive samples, but also a certain number of similar samples will be regarded as the positive samples, which is different from SimCLR who treats other samples in a batch as negative samples. We term this learning method as Supervised Contrastive Learning(SCL) and apply it on the most advanced LightGCN. In addition, in order to consider the uncertainty of node interaction, we also propose a new data augment method called node replication.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Opportunities of Hybrid Model-based Reinforcement Learning for Cell Therapy Manufacturing Process Development and Control</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03116">arxiv:2201.03116</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hua Zheng, Wei Xie, Keqi Wang, Zheng Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Driven by the key challenges of cell therapy manufacturing, including high complexity, high uncertainty, and very limited process data, we propose a stochastic optimization framework named "hybrid-RL" to efficiently guide process development and control. We first create the bioprocess probabilistic knowledge graph that is a hybrid model characterizing the understanding of biomanufacturing process mechanisms and quantifying inherent stochasticity, such as batch-to-batch variation and bioprocess noise. It can capture the key features, including nonlinear reactions, time-varying kinetics, and partially observed bioprocess state. This hybrid model can leverage on existing mechanistic models and facilitate the learning from process data. Given limited process data, a computational sampling approach is used to generate posterior samples quantifying the model estimation uncertainty. Then, we introduce hybrid model-based Bayesian reinforcement learning (RL), accounting for both inherent stochasticity and model uncertainty, to guide optimal, robust, and interpretable decision making, which can overcome the key challenges of cell therapy manufacturing. In the empirical study, cell therapy manufacturing examples are used to demonstrate that the proposed hybrid-RL framework can outperform the classical deterministic mechanistic model assisted process optimization.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Signal Reconstruction from Quantized Noisy Samples of the Discrete Fourier Transform</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03114">arxiv:2201.03114</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Mohak Goyal, Animesh Kumar</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present two variations of an algorithm for signal reconstruction from one-bit or two-bit noisy observations of the discrete Fourier transform (DFT). The one-bit observations of the DFT correspond to the sign of its real part, whereas, the two-bit observations of the DFT correspond to the signs of both the real and imaginary parts of the DFT. We focus on images for analysis and simulations, thus using the sign of the 2D-DFT. This choice of the class of signals is inspired by previous works on this problem. For our algorithm, we show that the expected mean squared error (MSE) in signal reconstruction is asymptotically proportional to the inverse of the sampling rate. The samples are affected by additive zero-mean noise of known distribution. We solve this signal estimation problem by designing an algorithm that uses contraction mapping, based on the Banach fixed point theorem. Numerical tests with four benchmark images are provided to show the effectiveness of our algorithm. Various metrics for image reconstruction quality assessment such as PSNR, SSIM, ESSIM, and MS-SSIM are employed. On all four benchmark images, our algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art in all of these metrics by a significant margin.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enhanced total variation minimization for stable image reconstruction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.02979">arxiv:2201.02979</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Congpei An, Hao-Ning Wu, Xiaoming Yuan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The total variation (TV) regularization has phenomenally boosted various variational models for image processing tasks. We propose combining the backward diffusion process in the earlier literature of image enhancement with the TV regularization and show that the resulting enhanced TV minimization model is particularly effective for reducing the loss of contrast, which is often encountered by models using the TV regularization. We establish stable reconstruction guarantees for the enhanced TV model from noisy subsampled measurements; non-adaptive linear measurements and variable-density sampled Fourier measurements are considered. In particular, under some weaker restricted isometry property conditions, the enhanced TV minimization model is shown to have tighter reconstruction error bounds than various TV-based models for the scenario where the level of noise is significant and the amount of measurements is limited. The advantages of the enhanced TV model are also numerically validated by preliminary experiments on the reconstruction of some synthetic, natural, and medical images.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>$m^\ast$ of two-dimensional electron gas: a neural canonical transformation study</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.03156">arxiv:2201.03156</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Hao Xie, Linfeng Zhang, Lei Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The quasiparticle effective mass $m^\ast$ of interacting electrons is a fundamental quantity in the Fermi liquid theory. However, the precise value of the effective mass of uniform electron gas is still elusive after decades of research. The newly developed neural canonical transformation approach arXiv:2105.08644 offers a principled way to extract the effective mass of electron gas by directly calculating the thermal entropy at low temperature. The approach models a variational many-electron density matrix using two generative neural networks: an autoregressive model for momentum occupation and a normalizing flow for electron coordinates. Our calculation reveals a suppression of effective mass in the two-dimensional spin-polarized electron gas, which is more pronounced than previous reports in the low-density strong-coupling region. This prediction calls for verification in two-dimensional electron gas experiments.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.01.08]({{ '/2022/01/08/2022.01.08.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.01.10]({{ '/2022/01/10/2022.01.10.html' | relative_url }})