Prev: [2022.10.02]({{ '/2022/10/02/2022.10.02.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.10.04]({{ '/2022/10/04/2022.10.04.html' | relative_url }})
{% raw %}
## Summary for 2022-10-03, created on 2022-10-07


<details><summary><b>WaveFit: An Iterative and Non-autoregressive Neural Vocoder based on Fixed-Point Iteration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01029">arxiv:2210.01029</a>
&#x1F4C8; 76 <br>
<p>Yuma Koizumi, Kohei Yatabe, Heiga Zen, Michiel Bacchiani</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Denoising diffusion probabilistic models (DDPMs) and generative adversarial networks (GANs) are popular generative models for neural vocoders. The DDPMs and GANs can be characterized by the iterative denoising framework and adversarial training, respectively. This study proposes a fast and high-quality neural vocoder called \textit{WaveFit}, which integrates the essence of GANs into a DDPM-like iterative framework based on fixed-point iteration. WaveFit iteratively denoises an input signal, and trains a deep neural network (DNN) for minimizing an adversarial loss calculated from intermediate outputs at all iterations. Subjective (side-by-side) listening tests showed no statistically significant differences in naturalness between human natural speech and those synthesized by WaveFit with five iterations. Furthermore, the inference speed of WaveFit was more than 240 times faster than WaveRNN. Audio demos are available at \url{google.github.io/df-conformer/wavefit/}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Complexity-Based Prompting for Multi-Step Reasoning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00720">arxiv:2210.00720</a>
&#x1F4C8; 65 <br>
<p>Yao Fu, Hao Peng, Ashish Sabharwal, Peter Clark, Tushar Khot</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the task of prompting large-scale language models to perform multi-step reasoning. Existing work shows that when prompted with a chain of thoughts (CoT), sequences of short sentences describing intermediate reasoning steps towards a final answer, large language models can generate new reasoning chains and predict answers for new inputs. A central question is which reasoning examples make the most effective prompts. In this work, we propose complexity-based prompting, a simple and effective example selection scheme for multi-step reasoning. We show that prompts with higher reasoning complexity, i.e., chains with more reasoning steps, achieve substantially better performance on math word reasoning tasks over strong baselines. We further extend our complexity-based criteria from prompting (selecting inputs) to decoding (selecting outputs), where we sample multiple reasoning chains from the model, then choose the majority of generated answers from complex reasoning chains (over simple chains). When used to prompt GPT-3, our approach substantially improves multi-step reasoning accuracy, with an 8.6% absolute improvement on GSM8K, and 6.4% on MathQA. Compared with existing example selection schemes like manual tuning or retrieval-based selection, selection based on reasoning complexity is intuitive, easy to implement, and annotation-efficient. Further results demonstrate the robustness of our methods under format perturbation and distribution shift.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Omnigrok: Grokking Beyond Algorithmic Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01117">arxiv:2210.01117</a>
&#x1F4C8; 53 <br>
<p>Ziming Liu, Eric J. Michaud, Max Tegmark</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Grokking, the unusual phenomenon for algorithmic datasets where generalization happens long after overfitting the training data, has remained elusive. We aim to understand grokking by analyzing the loss landscapes of neural networks, identifying the mismatch between training and test losses as the cause for grokking. We refer to this as the "LU mechanism" because training and test losses (against model weight norm) typically resemble "L" and "U", respectively. This simple mechanism can nicely explain many aspects of grokking: data size dependence, weight decay dependence, the emergence of representations, etc. Guided by the intuitive picture, we are able to induce grokking on tasks involving images, language and molecules. In the reverse direction, we are able to eliminate grokking for algorithmic datasets. We attribute the dramatic nature of grokking for algorithmic datasets to representation learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robot Task Planning and Situation Handling in Open Worlds</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01287">arxiv:2210.01287</a>
&#x1F4C8; 24 <br>
<p>Yan Ding, Xiaohan Zhang, Saeid Amiri, Nieqing Cao, Hao Yang, Chad Esselink, Shiqi Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automated task planning algorithms have been developed to help robots complete complex tasks that require multiple actions. Most of those algorithms have been developed for "closed worlds" assuming complete world knowledge is provided. However, the real world is generally open, and the robots frequently encounter unforeseen situations that can potentially break the planner's completeness. This paper introduces a novel algorithm (COWP) for open-world task planning and situation handling that dynamically augments the robot's action knowledge with task-oriented common sense. In particular, common sense is extracted from Large Language Models based on the current task at hand and robot skills. For systematic evaluations, we collected a dataset that includes 561 execution-time situations in a dining domain, where each situation corresponds to a state instance of a robot being potentially unable to complete a task using a solution that normally works. Experimental results show that our approach significantly outperforms competitive baselines from the literature in the success rate of service tasks. Additionally, we have demonstrated COWP using a mobile manipulator. Supplementary materials are available at: https://cowplanning.github.io/

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Random Data Augmentation based Enhancement: A Generalized Enhancement Approach for Medical Datasets</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00824">arxiv:2210.00824</a>
&#x1F4C8; 21 <br>
<p>Sidra Aleem, Teerath Kumar, Suzanne Little, Malika Bendechache, Rob Brennan, Kevin McGuinness</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Over the years, the paradigm of medical image analysis has shifted from manual expertise to automated systems, often using deep learning (DL) systems. The performance of deep learning algorithms is highly dependent on data quality. Particularly for the medical domain, it is an important aspect as medical data is very sensitive to quality and poor quality can lead to misdiagnosis. To improve the diagnostic performance, research has been done both in complex DL architectures and in improving data quality using dataset dependent static hyperparameters. However, the performance is still constrained due to data quality and overfitting of hyperparameters to a specific dataset. To overcome these issues, this paper proposes random data augmentation based enhancement. The main objective is to develop a generalized, data-independent and computationally efficient enhancement approach to improve medical data quality for DL. The quality is enhanced by improving the brightness and contrast of images. In contrast to the existing methods, our method generates enhancement hyperparameters randomly within a defined range, which makes it robust and prevents overfitting to a specific dataset. To evaluate the generalization of the proposed method, we use four medical datasets and compare its performance with state-of-the-art methods for both classification and segmentation tasks. For grayscale imagery, experiments have been performed with: COVID-19 chest X-ray, KiTS19, and for RGB imagery with: LC25000 datasets. Experimental results demonstrate that with the proposed enhancement methodology, DL architectures outperform other existing methods. Our code is publicly available at: https://github.com/aleemsidra/Augmentation-Based-Generalized-Enhancement

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Visual Prompt Tuning for Generative Transfer Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00990">arxiv:2210.00990</a>
&#x1F4C8; 17 <br>
<p>Kihyuk Sohn, Yuan Hao, José Lezama, Luisa Polania, Huiwen Chang, Han Zhang, Irfan Essa, Lu Jiang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Transferring knowledge from an image synthesis model trained on a large dataset is a promising direction for learning generative image models from various domains efficiently. While previous works have studied GAN models, we present a recipe for learning vision transformers by generative knowledge transfer. We base our framework on state-of-the-art generative vision transformers that represent an image as a sequence of visual tokens to the autoregressive or non-autoregressive transformers. To adapt to a new domain, we employ prompt tuning, which prepends learnable tokens called prompt to the image token sequence, and introduce a new prompt design for our task. We study on a variety of visual domains, including visual task adaptation benchmark~\cite{zhai2019large}, with varying amount of training images, and show effectiveness of knowledge transfer and a significantly better image generation quality over existing works.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Recitation-Augmented Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01296">arxiv:2210.01296</a>
&#x1F4C8; 14 <br>
<p>Zhiqing Sun, Xuezhi Wang, Yi Tay, Yiming Yang, Denny Zhou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new paradigm to help Large Language Models (LLMs) generate more accurate factual knowledge without retrieving from an external corpus, called RECITation-augmented gEneration (RECITE). Different from retrieval-augmented language models that retrieve relevant documents before generating the outputs, given an input, RECITE first recites one or several relevant passages from LLMs' own memory via sampling, and then produces the final answers. We show that RECITE is a powerful paradigm for knowledge-intensive NLP tasks. Specifically, we show that by utilizing recitation as the intermediate step, a recite-and-answer scheme can achieve new state-of-the-art performance in various closed-book question answering (CBQA) tasks. In experiments, we verify the effectiveness of RECITE on three pre-trained models (PaLM, UL2, and OPT) and three CBQA tasks (Natural Questions, TriviaQA, and HotpotQA).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimizing Data Collection for Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01234">arxiv:2210.01234</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Rafid Mahmood, James Lucas, Jose M. Alvarez, Sanja Fidler, Marc T. Law</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Modern deep learning systems require huge data sets to achieve impressive performance, but there is little guidance on how much or what kind of data to collect. Over-collecting data incurs unnecessary present costs, while under-collecting may incur future costs and delay workflows. We propose a new paradigm for modeling the data collection workflow as a formal optimal data collection problem that allows designers to specify performance targets, collection costs, a time horizon, and penalties for failing to meet the targets. Additionally, this formulation generalizes to tasks requiring multiple data sources, such as labeled and unlabeled data used in semi-supervised learning. To solve our problem, we develop Learn-Optimize-Collect (LOC), which minimizes expected future collection costs. Finally, we numerically compare our framework to the conventional baseline of estimating data requirements by extrapolating from neural scaling laws. We significantly reduce the risks of failing to meet desired performance targets on several classification, segmentation, and detection tasks, while maintaining low total collection costs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Meta-Learning Priors for Safe Bayesian Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00762">arxiv:2210.00762</a>
&#x1F4C8; 9 <br>
<p>Jonas Rothfuss, Christopher Koenig, Alisa Rupenyan, Andreas Krause</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In robotics, optimizing controller parameters under safety constraints is an important challenge. Safe Bayesian optimization (BO) quantifies uncertainty in the objective and constraints to safely guide exploration in such settings. Hand-designing a suitable probabilistic model can be challenging, however. In the presence of unknown safety constraints, it is crucial to choose reliable model hyper-parameters to avoid safety violations. Here, we propose a data-driven approach to this problem by meta-learning priors for safe BO from offline data. We build on a meta-learning algorithm, F-PACOH, capable of providing reliable uncertainty quantification in settings of data scarcity. As core contribution, we develop a novel framework for choosing safety-compliant priors in a data-riven manner via empirical uncertainty metrics and a frontier search algorithm. On benchmark functions and a high-precision motion system, we demonstrate that our meta-learned priors accelerate the convergence of safe BO approaches while maintaining safety.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>That Sounds Right: Auditory Self-Supervision for Dynamic Robot Manipulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01116">arxiv:2210.01116</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Abitha Thankaraj, Lerrel Pinto</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Learning to produce contact-rich, dynamic behaviors from raw sensory data has been a longstanding challenge in robotics. Prominent approaches primarily focus on using visual or tactile sensing, where unfortunately one fails to capture high-frequency interaction, while the other can be too delicate for large-scale data collection. In this work, we propose a data-centric approach to dynamic manipulation that uses an often ignored source of information: sound. We first collect a dataset of 25k interaction-sound pairs across five dynamic tasks using commodity contact microphones. Then, given this data, we leverage self-supervised learning to accelerate behavior prediction from sound. Our experiments indicate that this self-supervised 'pretraining' is crucial to achieving high performance, with a 34.5% lower MSE than plain supervised learning and a 54.3% lower MSE over visual training. Importantly, we find that when asked to generate desired sound profiles, online rollouts of our models on a UR10 robot can produce dynamic behavior that achieves an average of 11.5% improvement over supervised learning on audio similarity metrics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Hybrid Compositional Reasoning Approach for Interactive Robot Manipulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00858">arxiv:2210.00858</a>
&#x1F4C8; 8 <br>
<p>Georgios Tziafas, Hamidreza Kasaei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper we present a neuro-symbolic (hybrid) compositional reasoning model for coupling language-guided visual reasoning with robot manipulation. A non-expert human user can prompt the robot agent using natural language, providing either a referring expression (REC), a question (VQA) or a grasp action instruction. The model can tackle all cases in a task-agnostic fashion through the utilization of a shared library of primitive skills. Each primitive handles an independent sub-task, such as reasoning about visual attributes, spatial relation comprehension, logic and enumeration, as well as arm control. A language parser maps the input query to an executable program composed of such primitives depending on the context. While some primitives are purely symbolic operations (e.g. counting), others are trainable neural functions (e.g. grounding words to images), therefore marrying the interpretability and systematic generalization benefits of discrete symbolic approaches with the scalability and representational power of deep networks. We generate a synthetic dataset of tabletop scenes to train our approach and perform several evaluation experiments for VQA in the synthetic and a real RGB-D dataset. Results show that the proposed method achieves very high accuracy while being transferable to novel content with few-shot visual fine-tuning. Finally, we integrate our method with a robot framework and demonstrate how it can serve as an interpretable solution for an interactive object picking task, both in simulation and with a real robot.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Representing Spatial Trajectories as Distributions</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01322">arxiv:2210.01322</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Dídac Surís, Carl Vondrick</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a representation learning framework for spatial trajectories. We represent partial observations of trajectories as probability distributions in a learned latent space, which characterize the uncertainty about unobserved parts of the trajectory. Our framework allows us to obtain samples from a trajectory for any continuous point in time, both interpolating and extrapolating. Our flexible approach supports directly modifying specific attributes of a trajectory, such as its pace, as well as combining different partial observations into single representations. Experiments show our method's advantage over baselines in prediction tasks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Data Budgeting for Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00987">arxiv:2210.00987</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Xinyi Zhao, Weixin Liang, James Zou</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Data is the fuel powering AI and creates tremendous value for many domains. However, collecting datasets for AI is a time-consuming, expensive, and complicated endeavor. For practitioners, data investment remains to be a leap of faith in practice. In this work, we study the data budgeting problem and formulate it as two sub-problems: predicting (1) what is the saturating performance if given enough data, and (2) how many data points are needed to reach near the saturating performance. Different from traditional dataset-independent methods like PowerLaw, we proposed a learning method to solve data budgeting problems. To support and systematically evaluate the learning-based method for data budgeting, we curate a large collection of 383 tabular ML datasets, along with their data vs performance curves. Our empirical evaluation shows that it is possible to perform data budgeting given a small pilot study dataset with as few as $50$ data points.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generalizing Bayesian Optimization with Decision-theoretic Entropies</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01383">arxiv:2210.01383</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Willie Neiswanger, Lantao Yu, Shengjia Zhao, Chenlin Meng, Stefano Ermon</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian optimization (BO) is a popular method for efficiently inferring optima of an expensive black-box function via a sequence of queries. Existing information-theoretic BO procedures aim to make queries that most reduce the uncertainty about optima, where the uncertainty is captured by Shannon entropy. However, an optimal measure of uncertainty would, ideally, factor in how we intend to use the inferred quantity in some downstream procedure. In this paper, we instead consider a generalization of Shannon entropy from work in statistical decision theory (DeGroot 1962, Rao 1984), which contains a broad class of uncertainty measures parameterized by a problem-specific loss function corresponding to a downstream task. We first show that special cases of this entropy lead to popular acquisition functions used in BO procedures such as knowledge gradient, expected improvement, and entropy search. We then show how alternative choices for the loss yield a flexible family of acquisition functions that can be customized for use in novel optimization settings. Additionally, we develop gradient-based methods to efficiently optimize our proposed family of acquisition functions, and demonstrate strong empirical performance on a diverse set of sequential decision making tasks, including variants of top-$k$ optimization, multi-level set estimation, and sequence search.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Active Learning for Regression with Aggregated Outputs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01329">arxiv:2210.01329</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Tomoharu Iwata</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Due to the privacy protection or the difficulty of data collection, we cannot observe individual outputs for each instance, but we can observe aggregated outputs that are summed over multiple instances in a set in some real-world applications. To reduce the labeling cost for training regression models for such aggregated data, we propose an active learning method that sequentially selects sets to be labeled to improve the predictive performance with fewer labeled sets. For the selection measurement, the proposed method uses the mutual information, which quantifies the reduction of the uncertainty of the model parameters by observing the aggregated output. With Bayesian linear basis functions for modeling outputs given an input, which include approximated Gaussian processes and neural networks, we can efficiently calculate the mutual information in a closed form. With the experiments using various datasets, we demonstrate that the proposed method achieves better predictive performance with fewer labeled sets than existing methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NCVX: A General-Purpose Optimization Solver for Constrained Machine and Deep Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00973">arxiv:2210.00973</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Buyun Liang, Tim Mitchell, Ju Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Imposing explicit constraints is relatively new but increasingly pressing in deep learning, stimulated by, e.g., trustworthy AI that performs robust optimization over complicated perturbation sets and scientific applications that need to respect physical laws and constraints. However, it can be hard to reliably solve constrained deep learning problems without optimization expertise. The existing deep learning frameworks do not admit constraints. General-purpose optimization packages can handle constraints but do not perform auto-differentiation and have trouble dealing with nonsmoothness. In this paper, we introduce a new software package called NCVX, whose initial release contains the solver PyGRANSO, a PyTorch-enabled general-purpose optimization package for constrained machine/deep learning problems, the first of its kind. NCVX inherits auto-differentiation, GPU acceleration, and tensor variables from PyTorch, and is built on freely available and widely used open-source frameworks. NCVX is available at https://ncvx.org, with detailed documentation and numerous examples from machine/deep learning and other fields.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>How Relevant is Selective Memory Population in Lifelong Language Learning?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00940">arxiv:2210.00940</a>
&#x1F4C8; 6 <br>
<p>Vladimir Araujo, Helena Balabin, Julio Hurtado, Alvaro Soto, Marie-Francine Moens</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Lifelong language learning seeks to have models continuously learn multiple tasks in a sequential order without suffering from catastrophic forgetting. State-of-the-art approaches rely on sparse experience replay as the primary approach to prevent forgetting. Experience replay usually adopts sampling methods for the memory population; however, the effect of the chosen sampling strategy on model performance has not yet been studied. In this paper, we investigate how relevant the selective memory population is in the lifelong learning process of text classification and question-answering tasks. We found that methods that randomly store a uniform number of samples from the entire data stream lead to high performances, especially for low memory size, which is consistent with computer vision studies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Less is More: Task-aware Layer-wise Distillation for Language Model Compression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01351">arxiv:2210.01351</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Chen Liang, Simiao Zuo, Qingru Zhang, Pengcheng He, Weizhu Chen, Tuo Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Layer-wise distillation is a powerful tool to compress large models (i.e. teacher models) into small ones (i.e., student models). The student distills knowledge from the teacher by mimicking the hidden representations of the teacher at every intermediate layer. However, layer-wise distillation is difficult. Since the student has a smaller model capacity than the teacher, it is often under-fitted. Furthermore, the hidden representations of the teacher contain redundant information that the student does not necessarily need for the target task's learning. To address these challenges, we propose a novel Task-aware layEr-wise Distillation (TED). TED designs task-aware filters to align the hidden representations of the student and the teacher at each layer. The filters select the knowledge that is useful for the target task from the hidden representations. As such, TED reduces the knowledge gap between the two models and helps the student to fit better on the target task. We evaluate TED in two scenarios: continual pre-training and fine-tuning. TED demonstrates significant and consistent improvements over existing distillation methods in both scenarios.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convolutional networks inherit frequency sensitivity from image statistics</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01257">arxiv:2210.01257</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Charles Godfrey, Elise Bishoff, Myles Mckay, Davis Brown, Grayson Jorgenson, Henry Kvinge, Eleanor Byler</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** It is widely acknowledged that trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have different levels of sensitivity to signals of different frequency. In particular, a number of empirical studies have documented CNNs sensitivity to low-frequency signals. In this work we show with theory and experiments that this observed sensitivity is a consequence of the frequency distribution of natural images, which is known to have most of its power concentrated in low-to-mid frequencies. Our theoretical analysis relies on representations of the layers of a CNN in frequency space, an idea that has previously been used to accelerate computations and study implicit bias of network training algorithms, but to the best of our knowledge has not been applied in the domain of model robustness.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Robust Active Distillation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01213">arxiv:2210.01213</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Cenk Baykal, Khoa Trinh, Fotis Iliopoulos, Gaurav Menghani, Erik Vee</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Distilling knowledge from a large teacher model to a lightweight one is a widely successful approach for generating compact, powerful models in the semi-supervised learning setting where a limited amount of labeled data is available. In large-scale applications, however, the teacher tends to provide a large number of incorrect soft-labels that impairs student performance. The sheer size of the teacher additionally constrains the number of soft-labels that can be queried due to prohibitive computational and/or financial costs. The difficulty in achieving simultaneous \emph{efficiency} (i.e., minimizing soft-label queries) and \emph{robustness} (i.e., avoiding student inaccuracies due to incorrect labels) hurts the widespread application of knowledge distillation to many modern tasks. In this paper, we present a parameter-free approach with provable guarantees to query the soft-labels of points that are simultaneously informative and correctly labeled by the teacher. At the core of our work lies a game-theoretic formulation that explicitly considers the inherent trade-off between the informativeness and correctness of input instances. We establish bounds on the expected performance of our approach that hold even in worst-case distillation instances. We present empirical evaluations on popular benchmarks that demonstrate the improved distillation performance enabled by our work relative to that of state-of-the-art active learning and active distillation methods.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PersA-FL: Personalized Asynchronous Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01176">arxiv:2210.01176</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mohammad Taha Toghani, Soomin Lee, César A. Uribe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the personalized federated learning problem under asynchronous updates. In this problem, each client seeks to obtain a personalized model that simultaneously outperforms local and global models. We consider two optimization-based frameworks for personalization: (i) Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning (MAML) and (ii) Moreau Envelope (ME). MAML involves learning a joint model adapted for each client through fine-tuning, whereas ME requires a bi-level optimization problem with implicit gradients to enforce personalization via regularized losses. We focus on improving the scalability of personalized federated learning by removing the synchronous communication assumption. Moreover, we extend the studied function class by removing boundedness assumptions on the gradient norm. Our main technical contribution is a unified proof for asynchronous federated learning with bounded staleness that we apply to MAML and ME personalization frameworks. For the smooth and non-convex functions class, we show the convergence of our method to a first-order stationary point. We illustrate the performance of our method and its tolerance to staleness through experiments for classification tasks over heterogeneous datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning Minimally-Violating Continuous Control for Infeasible Linear Temporal Logic Specifications</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01162">arxiv:2210.01162</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Mingyu Cai, Makai Mann, Zachary Serlin, Kevin Leahy, Cristian-Ioan Vasile</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper explores continuous-time control synthesis for target-driven navigation to satisfy complex high-level tasks expressed as linear temporal logic (LTL). We propose a model-free framework using deep reinforcement learning (DRL) where the underlying dynamic system is unknown (an opaque box). Unlike prior work, this paper considers scenarios where the given LTL specification might be infeasible and therefore cannot be accomplished globally. Instead of modifying the given LTL formula, we provide a general DRL-based approach to satisfy it with minimal violation.
  %\mminline{Need to decide if we're comfortable calling these "guarantees" due to the stochastic policy. I'm not repeating this comment everywhere that says "guarantees" but there are multiple places.}
  To do this, we transform a previously multi-objective DRL problem, which requires simultaneous automata satisfaction and minimum violation cost, into a single objective. By guiding the DRL agent with a sampling-based path planning algorithm for the potentially infeasible LTL task, the proposed approach mitigates the myopic tendencies of DRL, which are often an issue when learning general LTL tasks that can have long or infinite horizons. This is achieved by decomposing an infeasible LTL formula into several reach-avoid sub-tasks with shorter horizons, which can be trained in a modular DRL architecture. Furthermore, we overcome the challenge of the exploration process for DRL in complex and cluttered environments by using path planners to design rewards that are dense in the configuration space. The benefits of the presented approach are demonstrated through testing on various complex nonlinear systems and compared with state-of-the-art baselines. The Video demonstration can be found on YouTube Channel:\url{https://youtu.be/jBhx6Nv224E}.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Language-Aware Soft Prompting for Vision & Language Foundation Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01115">arxiv:2210.01115</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Adrian Bulat, Georgios Tzimiropoulos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper is on soft prompt learning for Vision \& Language (V&L) models. Similarly to their NLP counterparts, V\&L models can be adapted to a downstream task by learning soft continuous prompts using a few training examples. Current methods learn the soft prompts by minimizing a cross-entropy loss using as class weights the features obtained by passing the prompts plus the class names through the text encoder. Such methods, however, significantly overfit the training data suffering from large accuracy degradation when tested on unseen classes from the same domain. Our main contribution, in this paper, is a surprisingly simple approach to alleviate this problem: we use a second cross entropy loss to minimize the distance between the learned soft prompts and a set of hand-engineered manual prompts (obtained by prompt engineering). The proposed loss can be interpreted in multiple ways including as a regularizer, as a means for language-based augmentation, and as a way of learning more discriminative class centroids. Importantly, our formulation is inherently amenable to including, during training, virtual classes, i.e. class names for which no visual samples are available, further increasing the robustness of the learned prompts. Through extensive evaluations on 11 datasets, we show that our approach (a) significantly outperforms all prior works on soft prompting, and (b) matches and surpasses, for the first time, the accuracy on novel classes obtained by hand-crafted prompts and CLIP for the majority of the test datasets. Code will be made available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Latent State Marginalization as a Low-cost Approach for Improving Exploration</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00999">arxiv:2210.00999</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Dinghuai Zhang, Aaron Courville, Yoshua Bengio, Qinqing Zheng, Amy Zhang, Ricky T. Q. Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While the maximum entropy (MaxEnt) reinforcement learning (RL) framework -- often touted for its exploration and robustness capabilities -- is usually motivated from a probabilistic perspective, the use of deep probabilistic models has not gained much traction in practice due to their inherent complexity. In this work, we propose the adoption of latent variable policies within the MaxEnt framework, which we show can provably approximate any policy distribution, and additionally, naturally emerges under the use of world models with a latent belief state. We discuss why latent variable policies are difficult to train, how naive approaches can fail, then subsequently introduce a series of improvements centered around low-cost marginalization of the latent state, allowing us to make full use of the latent state at minimal additional cost. We instantiate our method under the actor-critic framework, marginalizing both the actor and critic. The resulting algorithm, referred to as Stochastic Marginal Actor-Critic (SMAC), is simple yet effective. We experimentally validate our method on continuous control tasks, showing that effective marginalization can lead to better exploration and more robust training.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient Bayes Inference in Neural Networks through Adaptive Importance Sampling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00993">arxiv:2210.00993</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yunshi Huang, Emilie Chouzenoux, Victor Elvira, Jean-Christophe Pesquet</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian neural networks (BNNs) have received an increased interest in the last years. In BNNs, a complete posterior distribution of the unknown weight and bias parameters of the network is produced during the training stage. This probabilistic estimation offers several advantages with respect to point-wise estimates, in particular, the ability to provide uncertainty quantification when predicting new data. This feature inherent to the Bayesian paradigm, is useful in countless machine learning applications. It is particularly appealing in areas where decision-making has a crucial impact, such as medical healthcare or autonomous driving. The main challenge of BNNs is the computational cost of the training procedure since Bayesian techniques often face a severe curse of dimensionality. Adaptive importance sampling (AIS) is one of the most prominent Monte Carlo methodologies benefiting from sounded convergence guarantees and ease for adaptation. This work aims to show that AIS constitutes a successful approach for designing BNNs. More precisely, we propose a novel algorithm PMCnet that includes an efficient adaptation mechanism, exploiting geometric information on the complex (often multimodal) posterior distribution. Numerical results illustrate the excellent performance and the improved exploration capabilities of the proposed method for both shallow and deep neural networks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Optimal consumption-investment choices under wealth-driven risk aversion</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00950">arxiv:2210.00950</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Ruoxin Xiao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** CRRA utility where the risk aversion coefficient is a constant is commonly seen in various economics models. But wealth-driven risk aversion rarely shows up in investor's investment problems. This paper mainly focus on numerical solutions to the optimal consumption-investment choices under wealth-driven aversion done by neural network. A jump-diffusion model is used to simulate the artificial data that is needed for the neural network training. The WDRA Model is set up for describing the investment problem and there are two parameters that require to be optimized, which are the investment rate of the wealth on the risky assets and the consumption during the investment time horizon. Under this model, neural network LSTM with one objective function is implemented and shows promising results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Smooth image-to-image translations with latent space interpolations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00841">arxiv:2210.00841</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Yahui Liu, Enver Sangineto, Yajing Chen, Linchao Bao, Haoxian Zhang, Nicu Sebe, Bruno Lepri, Marco De Nadai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-domain image-to-image (I2I) translations can transform a source image according to the style of a target domain. One important, desired characteristic of these transformations, is their graduality, which corresponds to a smooth change between the source and the target image when their respective latent-space representations are linearly interpolated. However, state-of-the-art methods usually perform poorly when evaluated using inter-domain interpolations, often producing abrupt changes in the appearance or non-realistic intermediate images. In this paper, we argue that one of the main reasons behind this problem is the lack of sufficient inter-domain training data and we propose two different regularization methods to alleviate this issue: a new shrinkage loss, which compacts the latent space, and a Mixup data-augmentation strategy, which flattens the style representations between domains. We also propose a new metric to quantitatively evaluate the degree of the interpolation smoothness, an aspect which is not sufficiently covered by the existing I2I translation metrics. Using both our proposed metric and standard evaluation protocols, we show that our regularization techniques can improve the state-of-the-art multi-domain I2I translations by a large margin. Our code will be made publicly available upon the acceptance of this article.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Multi Camera Unsupervised Domain Adaptation Pipeline for Object Detection in Cultural Sites through Adversarial Learning and Self-Training</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00808">arxiv:2210.00808</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Giovanni Pasqualino, Antonino Furnari, Giovanni Maria Farinella</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Object detection algorithms allow to enable many interesting applications which can be implemented in different devices, such as smartphones and wearable devices. In the context of a cultural site, implementing these algorithms in a wearable device, such as a pair of smart glasses, allow to enable the use of augmented reality (AR) to show extra information about the artworks and enrich the visitors' experience during their tour. However, object detection algorithms require to be trained on many well annotated examples to achieve reasonable results. This brings a major limitation since the annotation process requires human supervision which makes it expensive in terms of time and costs. A possible solution to reduce these costs consist in exploiting tools to automatically generate synthetic labeled images from a 3D model of the site. However, models trained with synthetic data do not generalize on real images acquired in the target scenario in which they are supposed to be used. Furthermore, object detectors should be able to work with different wearable devices or different mobile devices, which makes generalization even harder. In this paper, we present a new dataset collected in a cultural site to study the problem of domain adaptation for object detection in the presence of multiple unlabeled target domains corresponding to different cameras and a labeled source domain obtained considering synthetic images for training purposes. We present a new domain adaptation method which outperforms current state-of-the-art approaches combining the benefits of aligning the domains at the feature and pixel level with a self-training process. We release the dataset at the following link https://iplab.dmi.unict.it/OBJ-MDA/ and the code of the proposed architecture at https://github.com/fpv-iplab/STMDA-RetinaNet.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Extraneousness-Aware Imitation Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01379">arxiv:2210.01379</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ray Chen Zheng, Kaizhe Hu, Zhecheng Yuan, Boyuan Chen, Huazhe Xu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual imitation learning provides an effective framework to learn skills from demonstrations. However, the quality of the provided demonstrations usually significantly affects the ability of an agent to acquire desired skills. Therefore, the standard visual imitation learning assumes near-optimal demonstrations, which are expensive or sometimes prohibitive to collect. Previous works propose to learn from noisy demonstrations; however, the noise is usually assumed to follow a context-independent distribution such as a uniform or gaussian distribution. In this paper, we consider another crucial yet underexplored setting -- imitation learning with task-irrelevant yet locally consistent segments in the demonstrations (e.g., wiping sweat while cutting potatoes in a cooking tutorial). We argue that such noise is common in real world data and term them "extraneous" segments. To tackle this problem, we introduce Extraneousness-Aware Imitation Learning (EIL), a self-supervised approach that learns visuomotor policies from third-person demonstrations with extraneous subsequences. EIL learns action-conditioned observation embeddings in a self-supervised manner and retrieves task-relevant observations across visual demonstrations while excluding the extraneous ones. Experimental results show that EIL outperforms strong baselines and achieves comparable policies to those trained with perfect demonstration on both simulated and real-world robot control tasks. The project page can be found at https://sites.google.com/view/eil-website.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Connecting Surrogate Safety Measures to Crash Probablity via Causal Probabilistic Time Series Prediction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01363">arxiv:2210.01363</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Jiajian Lu, Offer Grembek, Mark Hansen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Surrogate safety measures can provide fast and pro-active safety analysis and give insights on the pre-crash process and crash failure mechanism by studying near misses. However, validating surrogate safety measures by connecting them to crashes is still an open question. This paper proposed a method to connect surrogate safety measures to crash probability using probabilistic time series prediction. The method used sequences of speed, acceleration and time-to-collision to estimate the probability density functions of those variables with transformer masked autoregressive flow (transformer-MAF). The autoregressive structure mimicked the causal relationship between condition, action and crash outcome and the probability density functions are used to calculate the conditional action probability, crash probability and conditional crash probability. The predicted sequence is accurate and the estimated probability is reasonable under both traffic conflict context and normal interaction context and the conditional crash probability shows the effectiveness of evasive action to avoid crashes in a counterfactual experiment.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Pay Self-Attention to Audio-Visual Navigation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01353">arxiv:2210.01353</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yinfeng Yu, Lele Cao, Fuchun Sun, Xiaohong Liu, Liejun Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Audio-visual embodied navigation, as a hot research topic, aims training a robot to reach an audio target using egocentric visual (from the sensors mounted on the robot) and audio (emitted from the target) input. The audio-visual information fusion strategy is naturally important to the navigation performance, but the state-of-the-art methods still simply concatenate the visual and audio features, potentially ignoring the direct impact of context. Moreover, the existing approaches requires either phase-wise training or additional aid (e.g. topology graph and sound semantics). Up till this date, the work that deals with the more challenging setup with moving target(s) is still rare. As a result, we propose an end-to-end framework FSAAVN (feature self-attention audio-visual navigation) to learn chasing after a moving audio target using a context-aware audio-visual fusion strategy implemented as a self-attention module. Our thorough experiments validate the superior performance (both quantitatively and qualitatively) of FSAAVN in comparison with the state-of-the-arts, and also provide unique insights about the choice of visual modalities, visual/audio encoder backbones and fusion patterns.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Distance Based Image Classification: A solution to generative classification's conundrum?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01349">arxiv:2210.01349</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Wen-Yan Lin, Siying Liu, Bing Tian Dai, Hongdong Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Most classifiers rely on discriminative boundaries that separate instances of each class from everything else. We argue that discriminative boundaries are counter-intuitive as they define semantics by what-they-are-not; and should be replaced by generative classifiers which define semantics by what-they-are. Unfortunately, generative classifiers are significantly less accurate. This may be caused by the tendency of generative models to focus on easy to model semantic generative factors and ignore non-semantic factors that are important but difficult to model. We propose a new generative model in which semantic factors are accommodated by shell theory's hierarchical generative process and non-semantic factors by an instance specific noise term. We use the model to develop a classification scheme which suppresses the impact of noise while preserving semantic cues. The result is a surprisingly accurate generative classifier, that takes the form of a modified nearest-neighbor algorithm; we term it distance classification. Unlike discriminative classifiers, a distance classifier: defines semantics by what-they-are; is amenable to incremental updates; and scales well with the number of classes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Structural Estimation of Markov Decision Processes in High-Dimensional State Space with Finite-Time Guarantees</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01282">arxiv:2210.01282</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Siliang Zeng, Mingyi Hong, Alfredo Garcia</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider the task of estimating a structural model of dynamic decisions by a human agent based upon the observable history of implemented actions and visited states. This problem has an inherent nested structure: in the inner problem, an optimal policy for a given reward function is identified while in the outer problem, a measure of fit is maximized. Several approaches have been proposed to alleviate the computational burden of this nested-loop structure, but these methods still suffer from high complexity when the state space is either discrete with large cardinality or continuous in high dimensions. Other approaches in the inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) literature emphasize policy estimation at the expense of reduced reward estimation accuracy. In this paper we propose a single-loop estimation algorithm with finite time guarantees that is equipped to deal with high-dimensional state spaces without compromising reward estimation accuracy. In the proposed algorithm, each policy improvement step is followed by a stochastic gradient step for likelihood maximization. We show that the proposed algorithm converges to a stationary solution with a finite-time guarantee. Further, if the reward is parameterized linearly, we show that the algorithm approximates the maximum likelihood estimator sublinearly. Finally, by using robotics control problems in MuJoCo and their transfer settings, we show that the proposed algorithm achieves superior performance compared with other IRL and imitation learning benchmarks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Interpretable Deep Tracking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01266">arxiv:2210.01266</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Benjamin Thérien, Krzysztof Czarnecki</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Imagine experiencing a crash as the passenger of an autonomous vehicle. Wouldn't you want to know why it happened? Current end-to-end optimizable deep neural networks (DNNs) in 3D detection, multi-object tracking, and motion forecasting provide little to no explanations about how they make their decisions. To help bridge this gap, we design an end-to-end optimizable multi-object tracking architecture and training protocol inspired by the recently proposed method of interchange intervention training (IIT). By enumerating different tracking decisions and associated reasoning procedures, we can train individual networks to reason about the possible decisions via IIT. Each network's decisions can be explained by the high-level structural causal model (SCM) it is trained in alignment with. Moreover, our proposed model learns to rank these outcomes, leveraging the promise of deep learning in end-to-end training, while being inherently interpretable.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding Prior Bias and Choice Paralysis in Transformer-based Language Representation Models through Four Experimental Probes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01258">arxiv:2210.01258</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ke Shen, Mayank Kejriwal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent work on transformer-based neural networks has led to impressive advances on multiple-choice natural language understanding (NLU) problems, such as Question Answering (QA) and abductive reasoning. Despite these advances, there is limited work still on understanding whether these models respond to perturbed multiple-choice instances in a sufficiently robust manner that would allow them to be trusted in real-world situations. We present four confusion probes, inspired by similar phenomena first identified in the behavioral science community, to test for problems such as prior bias and choice paralysis. Experimentally, we probe a widely used transformer-based multiple-choice NLU system using four established benchmark datasets. Here we show that the model exhibits significant prior bias and to a lesser, but still highly significant degree, choice paralysis, in addition to other problems. Our results suggest that stronger testing protocols and additional benchmarks may be necessary before the language models are used in front-facing systems or decision making with real world consequences.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Random orthogonal additive filters: a solution to the vanishing/exploding gradient of deep neural networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01245">arxiv:2210.01245</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Andrea Ceni</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Since the recognition in the early nineties of the vanishing/exploding (V/E) gradient issue plaguing the training of neural networks (NNs), significant efforts have been exerted to overcome this obstacle. However, a clear solution to the V/E issue remained elusive so far. In this manuscript a new architecture of NN is proposed, designed to mathematically prevent the V/E issue to occur. The pursuit of approximate dynamical isometry, i.e. parameter configurations where the singular values of the input-output Jacobian are tightly distributed around 1, leads to the derivation of a NN's architecture that shares common traits with the popular Residual Network model. Instead of skipping connections between layers, the idea is to filter the previous activations orthogonally and add them to the nonlinear activations of the next layer, realising a convex combination between them. Remarkably, the impossibility for the gradient updates to either vanish or explode is demonstrated with analytical bounds that hold even in the infinite depth case. The effectiveness of this method is empirically proved by means of training via backpropagation an extremely deep multilayer perceptron of 50k layers, and an Elman NN to learn long-term dependencies in the input of 10k time steps in the past. Compared with other architectures specifically devised to deal with the V/E problem, e.g. LSTMs for recurrent NNs, the proposed model is way simpler yet more effective. Surprisingly, a single layer vanilla RNN can be enhanced to reach state of the art performance, while converging super fast; for instance on the psMNIST task, it is possible to get test accuracy of over 94% in the first epoch, and over 98% after just 10 epochs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Learning over time using a neuromorphic adaptive control algorithm for robotic arms</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01243">arxiv:2210.01243</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Lazar Supic, Terrence C. Stewart</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we explore the ability of a robot arm to learn the underlying operation space defined by the positions (x, y, z) that the arm's end-effector can reach, including disturbances, by deploying and thoroughly evaluating a Spiking Neural Network SNN-based adaptive control algorithm. While traditional control algorithms for robotics have limitations in both adapting to new and dynamic environments, we show that the robot arm can learn the operational space and complete tasks faster over time. We also demonstrate that the adaptive robot control algorithm based on SNNs enables a fast response while maintaining energy efficiency. We obtained these results by performing an extensive search of the adaptive algorithm parameter space, and evaluating algorithm performance for different SNN network sizes, learning rates, dynamic robot arm trajectories, and response times. We show that the robot arm learns to complete tasks 15% faster in specific experiment scenarios such as scenarios with six or nine random target points.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Interpretable Option Discovery using Deep Q-Learning and Variational Autoencoders</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01231">arxiv:2210.01231</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Per-Arne Andersen, Ole-Christoffer Granmo, Morten Goodwin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep Reinforcement Learning (RL) is unquestionably a robust framework to train autonomous agents in a wide variety of disciplines. However, traditional deep and shallow model-free RL algorithms suffer from low sample efficiency and inadequate generalization for sparse state spaces. The options framework with temporal abstractions is perhaps the most promising method to solve these problems, but it still has noticeable shortcomings. It only guarantees local convergence, and it is challenging to automate initiation and termination conditions, which in practice are commonly hand-crafted.
  Our proposal, the Deep Variational Q-Network (DVQN), combines deep generative- and reinforcement learning. The algorithm finds good policies from a Gaussian distributed latent-space, which is especially useful for defining options. The DVQN algorithm uses MSE with KL-divergence as regularization, combined with traditional Q-Learning updates. The algorithm learns a latent-space that represents good policies with state clusters for options. We show that the DVQN algorithm is a promising approach for identifying initiation and termination conditions for option-based reinforcement learning. Experiments show that the DVQN algorithm, with automatic initiation and termination, has comparable performance to Rainbow and can maintain stability when trained for extended periods after convergence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Extending Compositional Attention Networks for Social Reasoning in Videos</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01191">arxiv:2210.01191</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Christina Sartzetaki, Georgios Paraskevopoulos, Alexandros Potamianos</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a novel deep architecture for the task of reasoning about social interactions in videos. We leverage the multi-step reasoning capabilities of Compositional Attention Networks (MAC), and propose a multimodal extension (MAC-X). MAC-X is based on a recurrent cell that performs iterative mid-level fusion of input modalities (visual, auditory, text) over multiple reasoning steps, by use of a temporal attention mechanism. We then combine MAC-X with LSTMs for temporal input processing in an end-to-end architecture. Our ablation studies show that the proposed MAC-X architecture can effectively leverage multimodal input cues using mid-level fusion mechanisms. We apply MAC-X to the task of Social Video Question Answering in the Social IQ dataset and obtain a 2.5% absolute improvement in terms of binary accuracy over the current state-of-the-art.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Supervised Contrastive Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01189">arxiv:2210.01189</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Kaiwen Zha, Peng Cao, Yuzhe Yang, Dina Katabi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep regression models typically learn in an end-to-end fashion and do not explicitly try to learn a regression-aware representation. Their representations tend to be fragmented and fail to capture the continuous nature of regression tasks. In this paper, we propose Supervised Contrastive Regression (SupCR), a framework that learns a regression-aware representation by contrasting samples against each other based on their target distance. SupCR is orthogonal to existing regression models, and can be used in combination with such models to improve performance. Extensive experiments using five real-world regression datasets that span computer vision, human-computer interaction, and healthcare show that using SupCR achieves the state-of-the-art performance and consistently improves prior regression baselines on all datasets, tasks, and input modalities. SupCR also improves robustness to data corruptions, resilience to reduced training data, performance on transfer learning, and generalization to unseen targets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unbounded Gradients in Federated Leaning with Buffered Asynchronous Aggregation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01161">arxiv:2210.01161</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Mohammad Taha Toghani, César A. Uribe</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Synchronous updates may compromise the efficiency of cross-device federated learning once the number of active clients increases. The \textit{FedBuff} algorithm (Nguyen et al., 2022) alleviates this problem by allowing asynchronous updates (staleness), which enhances the scalability of training while preserving privacy via secure aggregation. We revisit the \textit{FedBuff} algorithm for asynchronous federated learning and extend the existing analysis by removing the boundedness assumptions from the gradient norm. This paper presents a theoretical analysis of the convergence rate of this algorithm when heterogeneity in data, batch size, and delay are considered.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Decompiling x86 Deep Neural Network Executables</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01075">arxiv:2210.01075</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zhibo Liu, Yuanyuan Yuan, Shuai Wang, Xiaofei Xie, Lei Ma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Due to their widespread use on heterogeneous hardware devices, deep learning (DL) models are compiled into executables by DL compilers to fully leverage low-level hardware primitives. This approach allows DL computations to be undertaken at low cost across a variety of computing platforms, including CPUs, GPUs, and various hardware accelerators.
  We present BTD (Bin to DNN), a decompiler for deep neural network (DNN) executables. BTD takes DNN executables and outputs full model specifications, including types of DNN operators, network topology, dimensions, and parameters that are (nearly) identical to those of the input models. BTD delivers a practical framework to process DNN executables compiled by different DL compilers and with full optimizations enabled on x86 platforms. It employs learning-based techniques to infer DNN operators, dynamic analysis to reveal network architectures, and symbolic execution to facilitate inferring dimensions and parameters of DNN operators.
  Our evaluation reveals that BTD enables accurate recovery of full specifications of complex DNNs with millions of parameters (e.g., ResNet). The recovered DNN specifications can be re-compiled into a new DNN executable exhibiting identical behavior to the input executable. We show that BTD can boost two representative attacks, adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing, against DNN executables. We also demonstrate cross-architecture legacy code reuse using BTD, and envision BTD being used for other critical downstream tasks like DNN security hardening and patching.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Faster Last-iterate Convergence of Policy Optimization in Zero-Sum Markov Games</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01050">arxiv:2210.01050</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Shicong Cen, Yuejie Chi, Simon S. Du, Lin Xiao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning (MARL) -- where multiple agents learn to interact in a shared dynamic environment -- permeates across a wide range of critical applications. While there has been substantial progress on understanding the global convergence of policy optimization methods in single-agent RL, designing and analysis of efficient policy optimization algorithms in the MARL setting present significant challenges, which unfortunately, remain highly inadequately addressed by existing theory. In this paper, we focus on the most basic setting of competitive multi-agent RL, namely two-player zero-sum Markov games, and study equilibrium finding algorithms in both the infinite-horizon discounted setting and the finite-horizon episodic setting. We propose a single-loop policy optimization method with symmetric updates from both agents, where the policy is updated via the entropy-regularized optimistic multiplicative weights update (OMWU) method and the value is updated on a slower timescale. We show that, in the full-information tabular setting, the proposed method achieves a finite-time last-iterate linear convergence to the quantal response equilibrium of the regularized problem, which translates to a sublinear last-iterate convergence to the Nash equilibrium by controlling the amount of regularization. Our convergence results improve upon the best known iteration complexities, and lead to a better understanding of policy optimization in competitive Markov games.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Expediting Large-Scale Vision Transformer for Dense Prediction without Fine-tuning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01035">arxiv:2210.01035</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Weicong Liang, Yuhui Yuan, Henghui Ding, Xiao Luo, Weihong Lin, Ding Jia, Zheng Zhang, Chao Zhang, Han Hu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Vision transformers have recently achieved competitive results across various vision tasks but still suffer from heavy computation costs when processing a large number of tokens. Many advanced approaches have been developed to reduce the total number of tokens in large-scale vision transformers, especially for image classification tasks. Typically, they select a small group of essential tokens according to their relevance with the class token, then fine-tune the weights of the vision transformer. Such fine-tuning is less practical for dense prediction due to the much heavier computation and GPU memory cost than image classification. In this paper, we focus on a more challenging problem, i.e., accelerating large-scale vision transformers for dense prediction without any additional re-training or fine-tuning. In response to the fact that high-resolution representations are necessary for dense prediction, we present two non-parametric operators, a token clustering layer to decrease the number of tokens and a token reconstruction layer to increase the number of tokens. The following steps are performed to achieve this: (i) we use the token clustering layer to cluster the neighboring tokens together, resulting in low-resolution representations that maintain the spatial structures; (ii) we apply the following transformer layers only to these low-resolution representations or clustered tokens; and (iii) we use the token reconstruction layer to re-create the high-resolution representations from the refined low-resolution representations. The results obtained by our method are promising on five dense prediction tasks, including object detection, semantic segmentation, panoptic segmentation, instance segmentation, and depth estimation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Reward Learning with Trees: Methods and Evaluation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01007">arxiv:2210.01007</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tom Bewley, Jonathan Lawry, Arthur Richards, Rachel Craddock, Ian Henderson</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent efforts to learn reward functions from human feedback have tended to use deep neural networks, whose lack of transparency hampers our ability to explain agent behaviour or verify alignment. We explore the merits of learning intrinsically interpretable tree models instead. We develop a recently proposed method for learning reward trees from preference labels, and show it to be broadly competitive with neural networks on challenging high-dimensional tasks, with good robustness to limited or corrupted data. Having found that reward tree learning can be done effectively in complex settings, we then consider why it should be used, demonstrating that the interpretable reward structure gives significant scope for traceability, verification and explanation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Neural network for determining an asteroid mineral composition from reflectance spectra</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01006">arxiv:2210.01006</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>David Korda, Antti Penttilä, Arto Klami, Tomáš Kohout</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Chemical and mineral compositions of asteroids reflect the formation and history of our Solar System. This knowledge is also important for planetary defence and in-space resource utilisation. We aim to develop a fast and robust neural-network-based method for deriving the mineral modal and chemical compositions of silicate materials from their visible and near-infrared spectra. The method should be able to process raw spectra without significant pre-processing. We designed a convolutional neural network with two hidden layers for the analysis of the spectra, and trained it using labelled reflectance spectra. For the training, we used a dataset that consisted of reflectance spectra of real silicate samples stored in the RELAB and C-Tape databases, namely olivine, orthopyroxene, clinopyroxene, their mixtures, and olivine-pyroxene-rich meteorites. We used the model on two datasets. First, we evaluated the model reliability on a test dataset where we compared the model classification with known compositional reference values. The individual classification results are mostly within 10 percentage-point intervals around the correct values. Second, we classified the reflectance spectra of S-complex (Q-type and V-type, also including A-type) asteroids with known Bus-DeMeo taxonomy classes. The predicted mineral chemical composition of S-type and Q-type asteroids agree with the chemical composition of ordinary chondrites. The modal abundances of V-type and A-type asteroids show a dominant contribution of orthopyroxene and olivine, respectively. Additionally, our predictions of the mineral modal composition of S-type and Q-type asteroids show an apparent depletion of olivine related to the attenuation of its diagnostic absorptions with space weathering. This trend is consistent with previous results of the slower pyroxene response to space weathering relative to olivine.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ASGNN: Graph Neural Networks with Adaptive Structure</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01002">arxiv:2210.01002</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zepeng Zhang, Songtao Lu, Zengfeng Huang, Ziping Zhao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The graph neural network (GNN) models have presented impressive achievements in numerous machine learning tasks. However, many existing GNN models are shown to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks, which creates a stringent need to build robust GNN architectures. In this work, we propose a novel interpretable message passing scheme with adaptive structure (ASMP) to defend against adversarial attacks on graph structure. Layers in ASMP are derived based on optimization steps that minimize an objective function that learns the node feature and the graph structure simultaneously. ASMP is adaptive in the sense that the message passing process in different layers is able to be carried out over dynamically adjusted graphs. Such property allows more fine-grained handling of the noisy (or perturbed) graph structure and hence improves the robustness. Convergence properties of the ASMP scheme are theoretically established. Integrating ASMP with neural networks can lead to a new family of GNN models with adaptive structure (ASGNN). Extensive experiments on semi-supervised node classification tasks demonstrate that the proposed ASGNN outperforms the state-of-the-art GNN architectures in terms of classification performance under various adversarial attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Online Self-Concordant and Relatively Smooth Minimization, With Applications to Online Portfolio Selection and Learning Quantum States</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00997">arxiv:2210.00997</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Chung-En Tsai, Hao-Chung Cheng, Yen-Huan Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Consider an online convex optimization problem where the loss functions are self-concordant barriers, smooth relative to a convex function $h$, and possibly non-Lipschitz. We analyze the regret of online mirror descent with $h$. Then, based on the result, we prove the following in a unified manner. Denote by $T$ the time horizon and $d$ the parameter dimension. 1. For online portfolio selection, the regret of $\widetilde{\text{EG}}$, a variant of exponentiated gradient due to Helmbold et al., is $\tilde{O} ( T^{2/3} d^{1/3} )$ when $T > 4 d / \log d$. This improves on the original $\tilde{O} ( T^{3/4} d^{1/2} )$ regret bound for $\widetilde{\text{EG}}$. 2. For online portfolio selection, the regret of online mirror descent with the logarithmic barrier is $\tilde{O}(\sqrt{T d})$. The regret bound is the same as that of Soft-Bayes due to Orseau et al. up to logarithmic terms. 3. For online learning quantum states with the logarithmic loss, the regret of online mirror descent with the log-determinant function is also $\tilde{O} ( \sqrt{T d} )$. Its per-iteration time is shorter than all existing algorithms we know.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>UnGANable: Defending Against GAN-based Face Manipulation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00957">arxiv:2210.00957</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Zheng Li, Ning Yu, Ahmed Salem, Michael Backes, Mario Fritz, Yang Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deepfakes pose severe threats of visual misinformation to our society. One representative deepfake application is face manipulation that modifies a victim's facial attributes in an image, e.g., changing her age or hair color. The state-of-the-art face manipulation techniques rely on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). In this paper, we propose the first defense system, namely UnGANable, against GAN-inversion-based face manipulation. In specific, UnGANable focuses on defending GAN inversion, an essential step for face manipulation. Its core technique is to search for alternative images (called cloaked images) around the original images (called target images) in image space. When posted online, these cloaked images can jeopardize the GAN inversion process. We consider two state-of-the-art inversion techniques including optimization-based inversion and hybrid inversion, and design five different defenses under five scenarios depending on the defender's background knowledge. Extensive experiments on four popular GAN models trained on two benchmark face datasets show that UnGANable achieves remarkable effectiveness and utility performance, and outperforms multiple baseline methods. We further investigate four adaptive adversaries to bypass UnGANable and show that some of them are slightly effective.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>PAC-Bayes with Unbounded Losses through Supermartingales</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00928">arxiv:2210.00928</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Maxime Haddouche, Benjamin Guedj</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While PAC-Bayes is now an established learning framework for bounded losses, its extension to the case of unbounded losses (as simple as the squared loss on an unbounded space) remains largely uncharted and has attracted a growing interest in recent years. We contribute to this line of work by developing an extention of Markov's inequality for supermartingales, which we use to establish a novel PAC-Bayesian generalisation bound holding for unbounded losses. We show that this bound extends, unifies and even improves on existing PAC-Bayesian bounds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Obstacle Avoidance for Robotic Manipulator in Joint Space via Improved Proximal Policy Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00803">arxiv:2210.00803</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Yongliang Wang, Hamidreza Kasaei</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reaching tasks with random targets and obstacles can still be challenging when the robotic arm is operating in unstructured environments. In contrast to traditional model-based methods, model-free reinforcement learning methods do not require complex inverse kinematics or dynamics equations to be calculated. In this paper, we train a deep neural network via an improved Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) algorithm, which aims to map from task space to joint space for a 6-DoF manipulator. In particular, we modify the original PPO and design an effective representation for environmental inputs and outputs to train the robot faster in a larger workspace. Firstly, a type of action ensemble is adopted to improve output efficiency. Secondly, the policy is designed to join in value function updates directly. Finally, the distance between obstacles and links of the manipulator is calculated based on a geometry method as part of the representation of states. Since training such a task in real-robot is time-consuming and strenuous, we develop a simulation environment to train the model. We choose Gazebo as our first simulation environment since it often produces a smaller Sim-to-Real gap than other simulators. However, the training process in Gazebo is time-consuming and takes a long time. Therefore, to address this limitation, we propose a Sim-to-Sim method to reduce the training time significantly. The trained model is finally used in a real-robot setup without fine-tuning. Experimental results showed that using our method, the robot was capable of tracking a single target or reaching multiple targets in unstructured environments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fully Transformer Network for Change Detection of Remote Sensing Images</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00757">arxiv:2210.00757</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Tianyu Yan, Zifu Wan, Pingping Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, change detection (CD) of remote sensing images have achieved great progress with the advances of deep learning. However, current methods generally deliver incomplete CD regions and irregular CD boundaries due to the limited representation ability of the extracted visual features. To relieve these issues, in this work we propose a novel learning framework named Fully Transformer Network (FTN) for remote sensing image CD, which improves the feature extraction from a global view and combines multi-level visual features in a pyramid manner. More specifically, the proposed framework first utilizes the advantages of Transformers in long-range dependency modeling. It can help to learn more discriminative global-level features and obtain complete CD regions. Then, we introduce a pyramid structure to aggregate multi-level visual features from Transformers for feature enhancement. The pyramid structure grafted with a Progressive Attention Module (PAM) can improve the feature representation ability with additional interdependencies through channel attentions. Finally, to better train the framework, we utilize the deeply-supervised learning with multiple boundaryaware loss functions. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed method achieves a new state-of-the-art performance on four public CD benchmarks. For model reproduction, the source code is released at https://github.com/AI-Zhpp/FTN.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Offline Reinforcement Learning with Differentiable Function Approximation is Provably Efficient</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00750">arxiv:2210.00750</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Ming Yin, Mengdi Wang, Yu-Xiang Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Offline reinforcement learning, which aims at optimizing sequential decision-making strategies with historical data, has been extensively applied in real-life applications. State-Of-The-Art algorithms usually leverage powerful function approximators (e.g. neural networks) to alleviate the sample complexity hurdle for better empirical performances. Despite the successes, a more systematic understanding of the statistical complexity for function approximation remains lacking. Towards bridging the gap, we take a step by considering offline reinforcement learning with differentiable function class approximation (DFA). This function class naturally incorporates a wide range of models with nonlinear/nonconvex structures. Most importantly, we show offline RL with differentiable function approximation is provably efficient by analyzing the pessimistic fitted Q-learning (PFQL) algorithm, and our results provide the theoretical basis for understanding a variety of practical heuristics that rely on Fitted Q-Iteration style design. In addition, we further improve our guarantee with a tighter instance-dependent characterization. We hope our work could draw interest in studying reinforcement learning with differentiable function approximation beyond the scope of current research.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A large sample theory for infinitesimal gradient boosting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00736">arxiv:2210.00736</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Clement Dombry, Jean-Jil Duchamps</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Infinitesimal gradient boosting is defined as the vanishing-learning-rate limit of the popular tree-based gradient boosting algorithm from machine learning (Dombry and Duchamps, 2021). It is characterized as the solution of a nonlinear ordinary differential equation in a infinite-dimensional function space where the infinitesimal boosting operator driving the dynamics depends on the training sample. We consider the asymptotic behavior of the model in the large sample limit and prove its convergence to a deterministic process. This infinite population limit is again characterized by a differential equation that depends on the population distribution. We explore some properties of this population limit: we prove that the dynamics makes the test error decrease and we consider its long time behavior.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sentiment Analysis of ESG disclosures on Stock Market</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00731">arxiv:2210.00731</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Sudeep R. Bapat, Saumya Kothari, Rushil Bansal</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we look at the impact of Environment, Social and Governance related news articles and social media data on the stock market performance. We pick four stocks of companies which are widely known in their domain to understand the complete effect of ESG as the newly opted investment style remains restricted to only the stocks with widespread information. We summarise live data of both twitter tweets and newspaper articles and create a sentiment index using a dictionary technique based on online information for the month of July, 2022. We look at the stock price data for all the four companies and calculate the percentage change in each of them. We also compare the overall sentiment of the company to its percentage change over a specific historical period.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Efficient acoustic feature transformation in mismatched environments using a Guided-GAN</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00721">arxiv:2210.00721</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>Walter Heymans, Marelie H. Davel, Charl van Heerden</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a new framework to improve automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems in resource-scarce environments using a generative adversarial network (GAN) operating on acoustic input features. The GAN is used to enhance the features of mismatched data prior to decoding, or can optionally be used to fine-tune the acoustic model. We achieve improvements that are comparable to multi-style training (MTR), but at a lower computational cost. With less than one hour of data, an ASR system trained on good quality data, and evaluated on mismatched audio is improved by between 11.5% and 19.7% relative word error rate (WER). Experiments demonstrate that the framework can be very useful in under-resourced environments where training data and computational resources are limited. The GAN does not require parallel training data, because it utilises a baseline acoustic model to provide an additional loss term that guides the generator to create acoustic features that are better classified by the baseline.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Toward Edge-Efficient Dense Predictions with Synergistic Multi-Task Neural Architecture Search</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01384">arxiv:2210.01384</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Thanh Vu, Yanqi Zhou, Chunfeng Wen, Yueqi Li, Jan-Michael Frahm</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work, we propose a novel and scalable solution to address the challenges of developing efficient dense predictions on edge platforms. Our first key insight is that MultiTask Learning (MTL) and hardware-aware Neural Architecture Search (NAS) can work in synergy to greatly benefit on-device Dense Predictions (DP). Empirical results reveal that the joint learning of the two paradigms is surprisingly effective at improving DP accuracy, achieving superior performance over both the transfer learning of single-task NAS and prior state-of-the-art approaches in MTL, all with just 1/10th of the computation. To the best of our knowledge, our framework, named EDNAS, is the first to successfully leverage the synergistic relationship of NAS and MTL for DP. Our second key insight is that the standard depth training for multi-task DP can cause significant instability and noise to MTL evaluation. Instead, we propose JAReD, an improved, easy-to-adopt Joint Absolute-Relative Depth loss, that reduces up to 88% of the undesired noise while simultaneously boosting accuracy. We conduct extensive evaluations on standard datasets, benchmark against strong baselines and state-of-the-art approaches, as well as provide an analysis of the discovered optimal architectures.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Beam Management in Ultra-dense mmWave Network via Federated Reinforcement Learning: An Intelligent and Secure Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01307">arxiv:2210.01307</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Qing Xue, Yi-Jing Liu, Yao Sun, Jian Wang, Li Yan, Gang Feng, Shaodan Ma</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deploying ultra-dense networks that operate on millimeter wave (mmWave) band is a promising way to address the tremendous growth on mobile data traffic. However, one key challenge of ultra-dense mmWave network (UDmmN) is beam management due to the high propagation delay, limited beam coverage as well as numerous beams and users. In this paper, a novel systematic beam control scheme is presented to tackle the beam management problem which is difficult due to the nonconvex objective function. We employ double deep Q-network (DDQN) under a federated learning (FL) framework to address the above optimization problem, and thereby fulfilling adaptive and intelligent beam management in UDmmN. In the proposed beam management scheme based on FL (BMFL), the non-rawdata aggregation can theoretically protect user privacy while reducing handoff cost. Moreover, we propose to adopt a data cleaning technique in the local model training for BMFL, with the aim to further strengthen the privacy protection of users while improving the learning convergence speed. Simulation results demonstrate the performance gain of our proposed scheme.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Revealing Unobservables by Deep Learning: Generative Element Extraction Networks (GEEN)</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01300">arxiv:2210.01300</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yingyao Hu, Yang Liu, Jiaxiong Yao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Latent variable models are crucial in scientific research, where a key variable, such as effort, ability, and belief, is unobserved in the sample but needs to be identified. This paper proposes a novel method for estimating realizations of a latent variable $X^*$ in a random sample that contains its multiple measurements. With the key assumption that the measurements are independent conditional on $X^*$, we provide sufficient conditions under which realizations of $X^*$ in the sample are locally unique in a class of deviations, which allows us to identify realizations of $X^*$. To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first to provide such identification in observation. We then use the Kullback-Leibler distance between the two probability densities with and without the conditional independence as the loss function to train a Generative Element Extraction Networks (GEEN) that maps from the observed measurements to realizations of $X^*$ in the sample. The simulation results imply that this proposed estimator works quite well and the estimated values are highly correlated with realizations of $X^*$. Our estimator can be applied to a large class of latent variable models and we expect it will change how people deal with latent variables.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Prompt Learning with Optimal Transport for Vision-Language Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01253">arxiv:2210.01253</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Guangyi Chen, Weiran Yao, Xiangchen Song, Xinyue Li, Yongming Rao, Kun Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** With the increasing attention to large vision-language models such as CLIP, there has been a significant amount of effort dedicated to building efficient prompts. Unlike conventional methods of only learning one single prompt, we propose to learn multiple comprehensive prompts to describe diverse characteristics of categories such as intrinsic attributes or extrinsic contexts. However, directly matching each prompt to the same visual feature is problematic, as it pushes the prompts to converge to one point. To solve this problem, we propose to apply optimal transport to match the vision and text modalities. Specifically, we first model images and the categories with visual and textual feature sets. Then, we apply a two-stage optimization strategy to learn the prompts. In the inner loop, we optimize the optimal transport distance to align visual features and prompts by the Sinkhorn algorithm, while in the outer loop, we learn the prompts by this distance from the supervised data. Extensive experiments are conducted on the few-shot recognition task and the improvement demonstrates the superiority of our method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Force-Aware Interface via Electromyography for Natural VR/AR Interaction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01225">arxiv:2210.01225</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Yunxiang Zhang, Benjamin Liang, Boyuan Chen, Paul Torrens, S. Farokh Atashzar, Dahua Lin, Qi Sun</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While tremendous advances in visual and auditory realism have been made for virtual and augmented reality (VR/AR), introducing a plausible sense of physicality into the virtual world remains challenging. Closing the gap between real-world physicality and immersive virtual experience requires a closed interaction loop: applying user-exerted physical forces to the virtual environment and generating haptic sensations back to the users. However, existing VR/AR solutions either completely ignore the force inputs from the users or rely on obtrusive sensing devices that compromise user experience.
  By identifying users' muscle activation patterns while engaging in VR/AR, we design a learning-based neural interface for natural and intuitive force inputs. Specifically, we show that lightweight electromyography sensors, resting non-invasively on users' forearm skin, inform and establish a robust understanding of their complex hand activities. Fuelled by a neural-network-based model, our interface can decode finger-wise forces in real-time with 3.3% mean error, and generalize to new users with little calibration. Through an interactive psychophysical study, we show that human perception of virtual objects' physical properties, such as stiffness, can be significantly enhanced by our interface. We further demonstrate that our interface enables ubiquitous control via finger tapping. Ultimately, we envision our findings to push forward research towards more realistic physicality in future VR/AR.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Reproducible and Realistic Evaluation of Partial Domain Adaptation Methods</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01210">arxiv:2210.01210</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Tiago Salvador, Kilian Fatras, Ioannis Mitliagkas, Adam Oberman</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) aims at classifying unlabeled target images leveraging source labeled ones. In this work, we consider the Partial Domain Adaptation (PDA) variant, where we have extra source classes not present in the target domain. Most successful algorithms use model selection strategies that rely on target labels to find the best hyper-parameters and/or models along training. However, these strategies violate the main assumption in PDA: only unlabeled target domain samples are available. Moreover, there are also inconsistencies in the experimental settings - architecture, hyper-parameter tuning, number of runs - yielding unfair comparisons. The main goal of this work is to provide a realistic evaluation of PDA methods with the different model selection strategies under a consistent evaluation protocol. We evaluate 7 representative PDA algorithms on 2 different real-world datasets using 7 different model selection strategies. Our two main findings are: (i) without target labels for model selection, the accuracy of the methods decreases up to 30 percentage points; (ii) only one method and model selection pair performs well on both datasets. Experiments were performed with our PyTorch framework, BenchmarkPDA, which we open source.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>New Paradigms for Exploiting Parallel Experiments in Bayesian Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01071">arxiv:2210.01071</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Leonardo D. González, Victor M. Zavala</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bayesian optimization (BO) is one of the most effective methods for closed-loop experimental design and black-box optimization. However, a key limitation of BO is that it is an inherently sequential algorithm (one experiment is proposed per round) and thus cannot directly exploit high-throughput (parallel) experiments. Diverse modifications to the BO framework have been proposed in the literature to enable exploitation of parallel experiments but such approaches are limited in the degree of parallelization that they can achieve and can lead to redundant experiments (thus wasting resources and potentially compromising performance). In this work, we present new parallel BO paradigms that exploit the structure of the system to partition the design space. Specifically, we propose an approach that partitions the design space by following the level sets of the performance function and an approach that exploits partially-separable structures of the performance function found. We conduct extensive numerical experiments using a reactor case study to benchmark the effectiveness of these approaches against a variety of state-of-the-art parallel algorithms reported in the literature. Our computational results show that our approaches significantly reduce the required search time and increase the probability of finding a global (rather than local) solution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Comparative Study of Hierarchical Risk Parity Portfolio and Eigen Portfolio on the NIFTY 50 Stocks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00984">arxiv:2210.00984</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Jaydip Sen, Abhishek Dutta</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Portfolio optimization has been an area of research that has attracted a lot of attention from researchers and financial analysts. Designing an optimum portfolio is a complex task since it not only involves accurate forecasting of future stock returns and risks but also needs to optimize them. This paper presents a systematic approach to portfolio optimization using two approaches, the hierarchical risk parity algorithm and the Eigen portfolio on seven sectors of the Indian stock market. The portfolios are built following the two approaches to historical stock prices from Jan 1, 2016, to Dec 31, 2020. The portfolio performances are evaluated on the test data from Jan 1, 2021, to Nov 1, 2021. The backtesting results of the portfolios indicate that the performance of the HRP portfolio is superior to that of its Eigen counterpart on both training and test data for the majority of the sectors studied.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Simple Pooling Front-ends For Efficient Audio Classification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00943">arxiv:2210.00943</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xubo Liu, Haohe Liu, Qiuqiang Kong, Xinhao Mei, Mark D. Plumbley, Wenwu Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, there has been increasing interest in building efficient audio neural networks for on-device scenarios. While most existing approaches are designed to reduce the size of audio neural networks using methods such as model pruning. In this work, we show that instead of reducing model size using complex methods, eliminating the temporal redundancy in the input audio features (e.g., Mel-spectrogram) could be an effective approach for efficient audio classification. To do so, we proposed a family of simple pooling front-ends (SimPFs) which use simple non-parametric pooling operations to reduce the redundant information within the Mel-spectrogram. We perform extensive experiments on four audio classification tasks to evaluate the performance of SimPFs. Experimental results show that SimPFs can achieve a reduction in more than half of the FLOPs for off-the-shelf audio neural networks, with negligible degradation or even decent improvement in audio classification performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>BVI-VFI: A Video Quality Database for Video Frame Interpolation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00823">arxiv:2210.00823</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Duolikun Danier, Fan Zhang, David Bull</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Video frame interpolation (VFI) is a fundamental research topic in video processing, which is currently attracting increased attention across the research community. While the development of more advanced VFI algorithms has been extensively researched, there remains little understanding of how humans perceive the quality of interpolated content and how well existing objective quality assessment methods perform when measuring the perceived quality. In order to narrow this research gap, we have developed a new video quality database named BVI-VFI, which contains 540 distorted sequences generated by applying five commonly used VFI algorithms to 36 diverse source videos with various spatial resolutions and frame rates. We collected more than 10,800 quality ratings for these videos through a large scale subjective study involving 189 human subjects. Based on the collected subjective scores, we further analysed the influence of VFI algorithms and frame rates on the perceptual quality of interpolated videos. Moreover, we benchmarked the performance of 28 classic and state-of-the-art objective image/video quality metrics on the new database, and demonstrated the urgent requirement for more accurate bespoke quality assessment methods for VFI. To facilitate further research in this area, we have made BVI-VFI publicly available at https://github.com/danielism97/BVI-VFI-database.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Push-Pull: Characterizing the Adversarial Robustness for Audio-Visual Active Speaker Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00753">arxiv:2210.00753</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Xuanjun Chen, Haibin Wu, Helen Meng, Hung-yi Lee, Jyh-Shing Roger Jang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Audio-visual active speaker detection (AVASD) is well-developed, and now is an indispensable front-end for several multi-modal applications. However, to the best of our knowledge, the adversarial robustness of AVASD models hasn't been investigated, not to mention the effective defense against such attacks. In this paper, we are the first to reveal the vulnerability of AVASD models under audio-only, visual-only, and audio-visual adversarial attacks through extensive experiments. What's more, we also propose a novel audio-visual interaction loss (AVIL) for making attackers difficult to find feasible adversarial examples under an allocated attack budget. The loss aims at pushing the inter-class embeddings to be dispersed, namely non-speech and speech clusters, sufficiently disentangled, and pulling the intra-class embeddings as close as possible to keep them compact. Experimental results show the AVIL outperforms the adversarial training by 33.14 mAP (%) under multi-modal attacks.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Statistical Efficiency of Score Matching: The View from Isoperimetry</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00726">arxiv:2210.00726</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Frederic Koehler, Alexander Heckett, Andrej Risteski</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Deep generative models parametrized up to a normalizing constant (e.g. energy-based models) are difficult to train by maximizing the likelihood of the data because the likelihood and/or gradients thereof cannot be explicitly or efficiently written down. Score matching is a training method, whereby instead of fitting the likelihood $\log p(x)$ for the training data, we instead fit the score function $\nabla_x \log p(x)$ -- obviating the need to evaluate the partition function. Though this estimator is known to be consistent, its unclear whether (and when) its statistical efficiency is comparable to that of maximum likelihood -- which is known to be (asymptotically) optimal. We initiate this line of inquiry in this paper, and show a tight connection between statistical efficiency of score matching and the isoperimetric properties of the distribution being estimated -- i.e. the Poincaré, log-Sobolev and isoperimetric constant -- quantities which govern the mixing time of Markov processes like Langevin dynamics. Roughly, we show that the score matching estimator is statistically comparable to the maximum likelihood when the distribution has a small isoperimetric constant. Conversely, if the distribution has a large isoperimetric constant -- even for simple families of distributions like exponential families with rich enough sufficient statistics -- score matching will be substantially less efficient than maximum likelihood. We suitably formalize these results both in the finite sample regime, and in the asymptotic regime. Finally, we identify a direct parallel in the discrete setting, where we connect the statistical properties of pseudolikelihood estimation with approximate tensorization of entropy and the Glauber dynamics.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>GenDexGrasp: Generalizable Dexterous Grasping</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00722">arxiv:2210.00722</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Puhao Li, Tengyu Liu, Yuyang Li, Yiran Geng, Yixin Zhu, Yaodong Yang, Siyuan Huang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Generating dexterous grasping has been a long-standing and challenging robotic task. Despite recent progress, existing methods primarily suffer from two issues. First, most prior arts focus on a specific type of robot hand, lacking the generalizable capability of handling unseen ones. Second, prior arts oftentimes fail to rapidly generate diverse grasps with a high success rate. To jointly tackle these challenges with a unified solution, we propose GenDexGrasp, a novel hand-agnostic grasping algorithm for generalizable grasping. GenDexGrasp is trained on our proposed large-scale multi-hand grasping dataset MultiDex synthesized with force closure optimization. By leveraging the contact map as a hand-agnostic intermediate representation, GenDexGrasp efficiently generates diverse and plausible grasping poses with a high success rate and can transfer among diverse multi-fingered robotic hands. Compared with previous methods, GenDexGrasp achieves a three-way trade-off among success rate, inference speed, and diversity. Code is available at https://github.com/tengyu-liu/GenDexGrasp.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>On Attacking Out-Domain Uncertainty Estimation in Deep Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.02191">arxiv:2210.02191</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Huimin Zeng, Zhenrui Yue, Yang Zhang, Ziyi Kou, Lanyu Shang, Dong Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In many applications with real-world consequences, it is crucial to develop reliable uncertainty estimation for the predictions made by the AI decision systems. Targeting at the goal of estimating uncertainty, various deep neural network (DNN) based uncertainty estimation algorithms have been proposed. However, the robustness of the uncertainty returned by these algorithms has not been systematically explored. In this work, to raise the awareness of the research community on robust uncertainty estimation, we show that state-of-the-art uncertainty estimation algorithms could fail catastrophically under our proposed adversarial attack despite their impressive performance on uncertainty estimation. In particular, we aim at attacking the out-domain uncertainty estimation: under our attack, the uncertainty model would be fooled to make high-confident predictions for the out-domain data, which they originally would have rejected. Extensive experimental results on various benchmark image datasets show that the uncertainty estimated by state-of-the-art methods could be easily corrupted by our attack.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improved High-Probability Regret for Adversarial Bandits with Time-Varying Feedback Graphs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01376">arxiv:2210.01376</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Haipeng Luo, Hanghang Tong, Mengxiao Zhang, Yuheng Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study high-probability regret bounds for adversarial $K$-armed bandits with time-varying feedback graphs over $T$ rounds. For general strongly observable graphs, we develop an algorithm that achieves the optimal regret $\widetilde{\mathcal{O}}((\sum_{t=1}^Tα_t)^{1/2}+\max_{t\in[T]}α_t)$ with high probability, where $α_t$ is the independence number of the feedback graph at round $t$. Compared to the best existing result [Neu, 2015] which only considers graphs with self-loops for all nodes, our result not only holds more generally, but importantly also removes any $\text{poly}(K)$ dependence that can be prohibitively large for applications such as contextual bandits. Furthermore, we also develop the first algorithm that achieves the optimal high-probability regret bound for weakly observable graphs, which even improves the best expected regret bound of [Alon et al., 2015] by removing the $\mathcal{O}(\sqrt{KT})$ term with a refined analysis. Our algorithms are based on the online mirror descent framework, but importantly with an innovative combination of several techniques. Notably, while earlier works use optimistic biased loss estimators for achieving high-probability bounds, we find it important to use a pessimistic one for nodes without self-loop in a strongly observable graph.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Fast Saturating Gate for Learning Long Time Scales with Recurrent Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01348">arxiv:2210.01348</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kentaro Ohno, Sekitoshi Kanai, Yasutoshi Ida</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Gate functions in recurrent models, such as an LSTM and GRU, play a central role in learning various time scales in modeling time series data by using a bounded activation function. However, it is difficult to train gates to capture extremely long time scales due to gradient vanishing of the bounded function for large inputs, which is known as the saturation problem. We closely analyze the relation between saturation of the gate function and efficiency of the training. We prove that the gradient vanishing of the gate function can be mitigated by accelerating the convergence of the saturating function, i.e., making the output of the function converge to 0 or 1 faster. Based on the analysis results, we propose a gate function called fast gate that has a doubly exponential convergence rate with respect to inputs by simple function composition. We empirically show that our method outperforms previous methods in accuracy and computational efficiency on benchmark tasks involving extremely long time scales.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automated Medical Device Display Reading Using Deep Learning Object Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01325">arxiv:2210.01325</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Lucas P. Moreira</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Telemedicine and mobile health applications, especially during the quarantine imposed by the covid-19 pandemic, led to an increase on the need of transferring health monitor readings from patients to specialists. Considering that most home medical devices use seven-segment displays, an automatic display reading algorithm should provide a more reliable tool for remote health care. This work proposes an end-to-end method for detection and reading seven-segment displays from medical devices based on deep learning object detection models. Two state of the art model families, EfficientDet and EfficientDet-lite, previously trained with the MS-COCO dataset, were fine-tuned on a dataset comprised by medical devices photos taken with mobile digital cameras, to simulate real case applications. Evaluation of the trained model show high efficiency, where all models achieved more than 98% of detection precision and more than 98% classification accuracy, with model EfficientDet-lite1 showing 100% detection precision and 100% correct digit classification for a test set of 104 images and 438 digits.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>ASAP: Accurate semantic segmentation for real time performance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01323">arxiv:2210.01323</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jaehyun Park, Subin Lee, Eon Kim, Byeongjun Moon, Dabeen Yu, Yeonseung Yu, Junghwan Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Feature fusion modules from encoder and self-attention module have been adopted in semantic segmentation. However, the computation of these modules is costly and has operational limitations in real-time environments. In addition, segmentation performance is limited in autonomous driving environments with a lot of contextual information perpendicular to the road surface, such as people, buildings, and general objects. In this paper, we propose an efficient feature fusion method, Feature Fusion with Different Norms (FFDN) that utilizes rich global context of multi-level scale and vertical pooling module before self-attention that preserves most contextual information while reducing the complexity of global context encoding in the vertical direction. By doing this, we could handle the properties of representation in global space and reduce additional computational cost. In addition, we analyze low performance in challenging cases including small and vertically featured objects. We achieve the mean Interaction of-union(mIoU) of 73.1 and the Frame Per Second(FPS) of 191, which are comparable results with state-of-the-arts on Cityscapes test datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Nuisances via Negativa: Adjusting for Spurious Correlations via Data Augmentation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01302">arxiv:2210.01302</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Aahlad Puli, Nitish Joshi, He He, Rajesh Ranganath</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** There exist features that are related to the label in the same way across different settings for that task; these are semantic features or semantics. Features with varying relationships to the label are nuisances. For example, in detecting cows from natural images, the shape of the head is a semantic and because images of cows often have grass backgrounds but only in certain settings, the background is a nuisance. Relationships between a nuisance and the label are unstable across settings and, consequently, models that exploit nuisance-label relationships face performance degradation when these relationships change. Direct knowledge of a nuisance helps build models that are robust to such changes, but knowledge of a nuisance requires extra annotations beyond the label and the covariates. In this paper, we develop an alternative way to produce robust models by data augmentation. These data augmentations corrupt semantic information to produce models that identify and adjust for where nuisances drive predictions. We study semantic corruptions in powering different robust-modeling methods for multiple out-of distribution (OOD) tasks like classifying waterbirds, natural language inference, and detecting Cardiomegaly in chest X-rays.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Max-Quantile Grouped Infinite-Arm Bandits</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01295">arxiv:2210.01295</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ivan Lau, Yan Hao Ling, Mayank Shrivastava, Jonathan Scarlett</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we consider a bandit problem in which there are a number of groups each consisting of infinitely many arms. Whenever a new arm is requested from a given group, its mean reward is drawn from an unknown reservoir distribution (different for each group), and the uncertainty in the arm's mean reward can only be reduced via subsequent pulls of the arm. The goal is to identify the infinite-arm group whose reservoir distribution has the highest $(1-α)$-quantile (e.g., median if $α= \frac{1}{2}$), using as few total arm pulls as possible. We introduce a two-step algorithm that first requests a fixed number of arms from each group and then runs a finite-arm grouped max-quantile bandit algorithm. We characterize both the instance-dependent and worst-case regret, and provide a matching lower bound for the latter, while discussing various strengths, weaknesses, algorithmic improvements, and potential lower bounds associated with our instance-dependent upper bounds.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A systematic review of the use of Deep Learning in Satellite Imagery for Agriculture</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01272">arxiv:2210.01272</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Brandon Victor, Zhen He, Aiden Nibali</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Agricultural research is essential for increasing food production to meet the requirements of an increasing population in the coming decades. Recently, satellite technology has been improving rapidly and deep learning has seen much success in generic computer vision tasks and many application areas which presents an important opportunity to improve analysis of agricultural land. Here we present a systematic review of 150 studies to find the current uses of deep learning on satellite imagery for agricultural research. Although we identify 5 categories of agricultural monitoring tasks, the majority of the research interest is in crop segmentation and yield prediction. We found that, when used, modern deep learning methods consistently outperformed traditional machine learning across most tasks; the only exception was that Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Recurrent Neural Networks did not consistently outperform Random Forests (RF) for yield prediction. The reviewed studies have largely adopted methodologies from generic computer vision, except for one major omission: benchmark datasets are not utilised to evaluate models across studies, making it difficult to compare results. Additionally, some studies have specifically utilised the extra spectral resolution available in satellite imagery, but other divergent properties of satellite images - such as the hugely different scales of spatial patterns - are not being taken advantage of in the reviewed studies.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>And what if two musical versions don't share melody, harmony, rhythm, or lyrics ?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01256">arxiv:2210.01256</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Mathilde Abrassart, Guillaume Doras</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Version identification (VI) has seen substantial progress over the past few years. On the one hand, the introduction of the metric learning paradigm has favored the emergence of scalable yet accurate VI systems. On the other hand, using features focusing on specific aspects of musical pieces, such as melody, harmony, or lyrics, yielded interpretable and promising performances. In this work, we build upon these recent advances and propose a metric learning-based system systematically leveraging four dimensions commonly admitted to convey musical similarity between versions: melodic line, harmonic structure, rhythmic patterns, and lyrics. We describe our deliberately simple model architecture, and we show in particular that an approximated representation of the lyrics is an efficient proxy to discriminate between versions and non-versions. We then describe how these features complement each other and yield new state-of-the-art performances on two publicly available datasets. We finally suggest that a VI system using a combination of melodic, harmonic, rhythmic and lyrics features could theoretically reach the optimal performances obtainable on these datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>LOPR: Latent Occupancy PRediction using Generative Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01249">arxiv:2210.01249</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Bernard Lange, Masha Itkina, Mykel J. Kochenderfer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Environment prediction frameworks are essential for autonomous vehicles to facilitate safe maneuvers in a dynamic environment. Previous approaches have used occupancy grid maps as a bird's eye-view representation of the scene and optimized the prediction architectures directly in pixel space. Although these methods have had some success in spatiotemporal prediction, they are, at times, hindered by unrealistic and incorrect predictions. We postulate that the quality and realism of the forecasted occupancy grids can be improved with the use of generative models. We propose a framework that decomposes occupancy grid prediction into task-independent low-dimensional representation learning and task-dependent prediction in the latent space. We demonstrate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on the real-world autonomous driving dataset, NuScenes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bayes-optimal limits in structured PCA, and how to reach them</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01237">arxiv:2210.01237</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jean Barbier, Francesco Camilli, Marco Mondelli, Manuel Saenz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the paradigmatic spiked matrix model of principal components analysis, where the rank-one signal is corrupted by additive noise. While the noise is typically taken from a Wigner matrix with independent entries, here the potential acting on the eigenvalues has a quadratic plus a quartic component. The quartic term induces strong correlations between the matrix elements, which makes the setting relevant for applications but analytically challenging. Our work provides the first characterization of the Bayes-optimal limits for inference in this model with structured noise. If the signal prior is rotational-invariant, then we show that a spectral estimator is optimal. In contrast, for more general priors, the existing approximate message passing algorithm (AMP) falls short of achieving the information-theoretic limits, and we provide a justification for this sub-optimality. Finally, by generalizing the theory of Thouless-Anderson-Palmer equations, we cure the issue by proposing a novel AMP which matches the theoretical limits. Our information-theoretic analysis is based on the replica method, a powerful heuristic from statistical mechanics; instead, the novel AMP comes with a rigorous state evolution analysis tracking its performance in the high-dimensional limit. Even if we focus on a specific noise distribution, our methodology can be generalized to a wide class of trace ensembles, at the cost of more involved expressions.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CaiRL: A High-Performance Reinforcement Learning Environment Toolkit</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01235">arxiv:2210.01235</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Per-Arne Andersen, Morten Goodwin, Ole-Christoffer Granmo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper addresses the dire need for a platform that efficiently provides a framework for running reinforcement learning (RL) experiments. We propose the CaiRL Environment Toolkit as an efficient, compatible, and more sustainable alternative for training learning agents and propose methods to develop more efficient environment simulations.
  There is an increasing focus on developing sustainable artificial intelligence. However, little effort has been made to improve the efficiency of running environment simulations. The most popular development toolkit for reinforcement learning, OpenAI Gym, is built using Python, a powerful but slow programming language. We propose a toolkit written in C++ with the same flexibility level but works orders of magnitude faster to make up for Python's inefficiency. This would drastically cut climate emissions. 
  CaiRL also presents the first reinforcement learning toolkit with a built-in JVM and Flash support for running legacy flash games for reinforcement learning research. We demonstrate the effectiveness of CaiRL in the classic control benchmark, comparing the execution speed to OpenAI Gym. Furthermore, we illustrate that CaiRL can act as a drop-in replacement for OpenAI Gym to leverage significantly faster training speeds because of the reduced environment computation time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Sparsity by Redundancy: Solving $L_1$ with a Simple Reparametrization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01212">arxiv:2210.01212</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Liu Ziyin, Zihao Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We identify and prove a general principle: $L_1$ sparsity can be achieved using a redundant parametrization plus $L_2$ penalty. Our results lead to a simple algorithm, \textit{spred}, that seamlessly integrates $L_1$ regularization into any modern deep learning framework. Practically, we demonstrate (1) the efficiency of \textit{spred} in optimizing conventional tasks such as lasso and sparse coding, (2) benchmark our method for nonlinear feature selection of six gene selection tasks, and (3) illustrate the usage of the method for achieving structured and unstructured sparsity in deep learning in an end-to-end manner. Conceptually, our result bridges the gap in understanding the inductive bias of the redundant parametrization common in deep learning and conventional statistical learning.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Automatic Assessment of Functional Movement Screening Exercises with Deep Learning Architectures</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01209">arxiv:2210.01209</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Andreas Spilz, MIchael Munz</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** (1) Background: The success of physiotherapy depends on the regular and correct performance of movement exercises. A system that automatically evaluates these could support the therapy. Previous approaches in this area rarely rely on Deep Learning methods and do not yet fully use their potential. (2) Methods: Using a measurement system consisting of 17 IMUs, a dataset of four Functional Movement Screening (FMS) exercises is recorded. Exercise execution is evaluated by physiotherapists using the FMS criteria. This dataset is used to train a neural network that assigns the correct FMS score to an exercise repetition. We use an architecture consisting of CNN, LSTM and Dense layers. Based on this framework, we apply various methods to optimize the performance of the network. For the optimization, we perform a extensive hyperparameter optimization. In addition, we are comparing different CNN structures that have been specifically adapted for use with IMU data. Finally, the developed network is trained with the data of different FMS exercises and the performance is compared. (3) Results: The evaluation shows that the presented approach achieves a convincing performance in the classification of unknown repetitions of already known subjects. However, the trained network is yet unable to achieve consistent performance on the data of a previously unknown subjects. Additionally, it can be seen that the performance of the network differs significantly depending on the exercise it is trained for.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Introducing Vision Transformer for Alzheimer's Disease classification task with 3D input</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01177">arxiv:2210.01177</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Zilun Zhang, Farzad Khalvati</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many high-performance classification models utilize complex CNN-based architectures for Alzheimer's Disease classification. We aim to investigate two relevant questions regarding classification of Alzheimer's Disease using MRI: "Do Vision Transformer-based models perform better than CNN-based models?" and "Is it possible to use a shallow 3D CNN-based model to obtain satisfying results?" To achieve these goals, we propose two models that can take in and process 3D MRI scans: Convolutional Voxel Vision Transformer (CVVT) architecture, and ConvNet3D-4, a shallow 4-block 3D CNN-based model. Our results indicate that the shallow 3D CNN-based models are sufficient to achieve good classification results for Alzheimer's Disease using MRI scans.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>NARF22: Neural Articulated Radiance Fields for Configuration-Aware Rendering</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01166">arxiv:2210.01166</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Stanley Lewis, Jana Pavlasek, Odest Chadwicke Jenkins</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Articulated objects pose a unique challenge for robotic perception and manipulation. Their increased number of degrees-of-freedom makes tasks such as localization computationally difficult, while also making the process of real-world dataset collection unscalable. With the aim of addressing these scalability issues, we propose Neural Articulated Radiance Fields (NARF22), a pipeline which uses a fully-differentiable, configuration-parameterized Neural Radiance Field (NeRF) as a means of providing high quality renderings of articulated objects. NARF22 requires no explicit knowledge of the object structure at inference time. We propose a two-stage parts-based training mechanism which allows the object rendering models to generalize well across the configuration space even if the underlying training data has as few as one configuration represented. We demonstrate the efficacy of NARF22 by training configurable renderers on a real-world articulated tool dataset collected via a Fetch mobile manipulation robot. We show the applicability of the model to gradient-based inference methods through a configuration estimation and 6 degree-of-freedom pose refinement task. The project webpage is available at: https://progress.eecs.umich.edu/projects/narf/.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MultiGuard: Provably Robust Multi-label Classification against Adversarial Examples</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01111">arxiv:2210.01111</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jinyuan Jia, Wenjie Qu, Neil Zhenqiang Gong</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Multi-label classification, which predicts a set of labels for an input, has many applications. However, multiple recent studies showed that multi-label classification is vulnerable to adversarial examples. In particular, an attacker can manipulate the labels predicted by a multi-label classifier for an input via adding carefully crafted, human-imperceptible perturbation to it. Existing provable defenses for multi-class classification achieve sub-optimal provable robustness guarantees when generalized to multi-label classification. In this work, we propose MultiGuard, the first provably robust defense against adversarial examples to multi-label classification. Our MultiGuard leverages randomized smoothing, which is the state-of-the-art technique to build provably robust classifiers. Specifically, given an arbitrary multi-label classifier, our MultiGuard builds a smoothed multi-label classifier via adding random noise to the input. We consider isotropic Gaussian noise in this work. Our major theoretical contribution is that we show a certain number of ground truth labels of an input are provably in the set of labels predicted by our MultiGuard when the $\ell_2$-norm of the adversarial perturbation added to the input is bounded. Moreover, we design an algorithm to compute our provable robustness guarantees. Empirically, we evaluate our MultiGuard on VOC 2007, MS-COCO, and NUS-WIDE benchmark datasets. Our code is available at: \url{https://github.com/quwenjie/MultiGuard}

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SemEval 2023 Task 9: Multilingual Tweet Intimacy Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01108">arxiv:2210.01108</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jiaxin Pei, Vítor Silva, Maarten Bos, Yozon Liu, Leonardo Neves, David Jurgens, Francesco Barbieri</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose MINT, a new Multilingual INTimacy analysis dataset covering 13,384 tweets in 10 languages including English, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Korean, Dutch, Chinese, Hindi, and Arabic. We benchmarked a list of popular multilingual pre-trained language models. The dataset is released along with the SemEval 2023 Task 9: Multilingual Tweet Intimacy Analysis (https://sites.google.com/umich.edu/semeval-2023-tweet-intimacy).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding Influence Functions and Datamodels via Harmonic Analysis</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01072">arxiv:2210.01072</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Nikunj Saunshi, Arushi Gupta, Mark Braverman, Sanjeev Arora</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Influence functions estimate effect of individual data points on predictions of the model on test data and were adapted to deep learning in Koh and Liang [2017]. They have been used for detecting data poisoning, detecting helpful and harmful examples, influence of groups of datapoints, etc. Recently, Ilyas et al. [2022] introduced a linear regression method they termed datamodels to predict the effect of training points on outputs on test data. The current paper seeks to provide a better theoretical understanding of such interesting empirical phenomena. The primary tool is harmonic analysis and the idea of noise stability. Contributions include: (a) Exact characterization of the learnt datamodel in terms of Fourier coefficients. (b) An efficient method to estimate the residual error and quality of the optimum linear datamodel without having to train the datamodel. (c) New insights into when influences of groups of datapoints may or may not add up linearly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Long Tail of Context: Does it Exist and Matter?</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01023">arxiv:2210.01023</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Konstantin Bauman, Alexey Vasilev, Alexander Tuzhilin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Context has been an important topic in recommender systems over the past two decades. A standard representational approach to context assumes that contextual variables and their structures are known in an application. Most of the prior CARS papers following representational approach manually selected and considered only a few crucial contextual variables in an application, such as time, location, and company of a person. This prior work demonstrated significant recommendation performance improvements when various CARS-based methods have been deployed in numerous applications. However, some recommender systems applications deal with a much bigger and broader types of contexts, and manually identifying and capturing a few contextual variables is not sufficient in such cases. In this paper, we study such ``context-rich'' applications dealing with a large variety of different types of contexts. We demonstrate that supporting only a few most important contextual variables, although useful, is not sufficient. In our study, we focus on the application that recommends various banking products to commercial customers within the context of dialogues initiated by customer service representatives. In this application, we managed to identify over two hundred types of contextual variables. Sorting those variables by their importance forms the Long Tail of Context (LTC). In this paper, we empirically demonstrate that LTC matters and using all these contextual variables from the Long Tail leads to significant improvements in recommendation performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Dealing with Unknown Variances in Best-Arm Identification</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00974">arxiv:2210.00974</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Marc Jourdan, Rémy Degenne, Emilie Kaufmann</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The problem of identifying the best arm among a collection of items having Gaussian rewards distribution is well understood when the variances are known. Despite its practical relevance for many applications, few works studied it for unknown variances. In this paper we introduce and analyze two approaches to deal with unknown variances, either by plugging in the empirical variance or by adapting the transportation costs. In order to calibrate our two stopping rules, we derive new time-uniform concentration inequalities, which are of independent interest. Then, we illustrate the theoretical and empirical performances of our two sampling rule wrappers on Track-and-Stop and on a Top Two algorithm. Moreover, by quantifying the impact on the sample complexity of not knowing the variances, we reveal that it is rather small.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Machine Learning-powered Course Allocation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00954">arxiv:2210.00954</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Ermis Soumalias, Behnoosh Zamanlooy, Jakob Weissteiner, Sven Seuken</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We introduce a machine learning-powered course allocation mechanism. Concretely, we extend the state-of-the-art Course Match mechanism with a machine learning-based preference elicitation module. In an iterative, asynchronous manner, this module generates pairwise comparison queries that are tailored to each individual student. Regarding incentives, our machine learning-powered course match (MLCM) mechanism retains the attractive strategyproofness in the large property of Course Match. Regarding welfare, we perform computational experiments using a simulator that was fitted to real-world data. We find that, compared to Course Match, MLCM is able to increase average student utility by 4%-9% and minimum student utility by 10%-21%, even with only ten comparison queries.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bias and Extrapolation in Markovian Linear Stochastic Approximation with Constant Stepsizes</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00953">arxiv:2210.00953</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p> Dongyan,  Huo, Yudong Chen, Qiaomin Xie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We consider Linear Stochastic Approximation (LSA) with a constant stepsize and Markovian data. Viewing the joint process of the data and LSA iterate as a time-homogeneous Markov chain, we prove its convergence to a unique limiting and stationary distribution in Wasserstein distance and establish non-asymptotic, geometric convergence rates. Furthermore, we show that the bias vector of this limit admits an infinite series expansion with respect to the stepsize. Consequently, the bias is proportional to the stepsize up to higher order terms. This result stands in contrast with LSA under i.i.d. data, for which the bias vanishes. In the reversible chain setting, we provide a general characterization of the relationship between the bias and the mixing time of the Markovian data, establishing that they are roughly proportional to each other.
  While Polyak-Ruppert tail-averaging reduces the variance of the LSA iterates, it does not affect the bias. The above characterization allows us to show that the bias can be reduced using Richardson-Romberg extrapolation with $m \ge 2$ stepsizes, which eliminates the $m - 1$ leading terms in the bias expansion. This extrapolation scheme leads to an exponentially smaller bias and an improved mean squared error, both in theory and empirically. Our results immediately apply to the Temporal Difference learning algorithm with linear function approximation, Markovian data and constant stepsizes.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CBLab: Scalable Traffic Simulation with Enriched Data Supporting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00896">arxiv:2210.00896</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Chumeng Liang, Zherui Huang, Yicheng Liu, Zhanyu Liu, Guanjie Zheng, Hanyuan Shi, Yuhao Du, Fuliang Li, Zhenhui Li</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Traffic simulation provides interactive data for the optimization of traffic policies. However, existing traffic simulators are limited by their lack of scalability and shortage in input data, which prevents them from generating interactive data from traffic simulation in the scenarios of real large-scale city road networks.
  In this paper, we present City Brain Lab, a toolkit for scalable traffic simulation. CBLab is consist of three components: CBEngine, CBData, and CBScenario. CBEngine is a highly efficient simulators supporting large scale traffic simulation. CBData includes a traffic dataset with road network data of 100 cities all around the world. We also develop a pipeline to conduct one-click transformation from raw road networks to input data of our traffic simulation. Combining CBEngine and CBData allows researchers to run scalable traffic simulation in the road network of real large-scale cities. Based on that, CBScenario implements an interactive environment and several baseline methods for two scenarios of traffic policies respectively, with which traffic policies adaptable for large-scale urban traffic can be trained and tuned. To the best of our knowledge, CBLab is the first infrastructure supporting traffic policy optimization on large-scale urban scenarios. The code is available on Github: https://github.com/CityBrainLab/CityBrainLab.git.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MSRL: Distributed Reinforcement Learning with Dataflow Fragments</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00882">arxiv:2210.00882</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Huanzhou Zhu, Bo Zhao, Gang Chen, Weifeng Chen, Yijie Chen, Liang Shi, Peter Pietzuch, Lei Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement learning~(RL) trains many agents, which is resource-intensive and must scale to large GPU clusters. Different RL training algorithms offer different opportunities for distributing and parallelising the computation. Yet, current distributed RL systems tie the definition of RL algorithms to their distributed execution: they hard-code particular distribution strategies and only accelerate specific parts of the computation (e.g. policy network updates) on GPU workers. Fundamentally, current systems lack abstractions that decouple RL algorithms from their execution.
  We describe MindSpore Reinforcement Learning (MSRL), a distributed RL training system that supports distribution policies that govern how RL training computation is parallelised and distributed on cluster resources, without requiring changes to the algorithm implementation. MSRL introduces the new abstraction of a fragmented dataflow graph, which maps Python functions from an RL algorithm's training loop to parallel computational fragments. Fragments are executed on different devices by translating them to low-level dataflow representations, e.g. computational graphs as supported by deep learning engines, CUDA implementations or multi-threaded CPU processes. We show that MSRL subsumes the distribution strategies of existing systems, while scaling RL training to 64 GPUs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Limitations of gradient descent due to numerical instability of backpropagation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00805">arxiv:2210.00805</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Clemens Karner, Vladimir Kazeev, Philipp Christian Petersen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We study the training of deep neural networks by gradient descent where floating-point arithmetic is used to compute the gradients. In this framework and under realistic assumptions, we demonstrate that it is highly unlikely to find ReLU neural networks that maintain, in the course of training with gradient descent, superlinearly many affine pieces with respect to their number of layers. In virtually all approximation theoretical arguments which yield high order polynomial rates of approximation, sequences of ReLU neural networks with exponentially many affine pieces compared to their numbers of layers are used. As a consequence, we conclude that approximating sequences of ReLU neural networks resulting from gradient descent in practice differ substantially from theoretically constructed sequences. The assumptions and the theoretical results are compared to a numerical study, which yields concurring results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Dynamic Model for Bus Arrival Time Estimation based on Spatial Patterns using Machine Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00733">arxiv:2210.00733</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>B. P. Ashwini, R. Sumathi, H. S. Sudhira</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The notion of smart cities is being adapted globally to provide a better quality of living. A smart city's smart mobility component focuses on providing smooth and safe commuting for its residents and promotes eco-friendly and sustainable alternatives such as public transit (bus). Among several smart applications, a system that provides up-to-the-minute information like bus arrival, travel duration, schedule, etc., improves the reliability of public transit services. Still, this application needs live information on traffic flow, accidents, events, and the location of the buses. Most cities lack the infrastructure to provide these data. In this context, a bus arrival prediction model is proposed for forecasting the arrival time using limited data sets. The location data of public transit buses and spatial characteristics are used for the study. One of the routes of Tumakuru city service, Tumakuru, India, is selected and divided into two spatial patterns: sections with intersections and sections without intersections. The machine learning model XGBoost is modeled for both spatial patterns individually. A model to dynamically predict bus arrival time is developed using the preceding trip information and the machine learning model to estimate the arrival time at a downstream bus stop. The performance of models is compared based on the R-squared values of the predictions made, and the proposed model established superior results. It is suggested to predict bus arrival in the study area. The proposed model can also be extended to other similar cities with limited traffic-related infrastructure.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Privacy-Preserving Feature Coding for Machines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00727">arxiv:2210.00727</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Bardia Azizian, Ivan V. Bajić</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automated machine vision pipelines do not need the exact visual content to perform their tasks. Therefore, there is a potential to remove private information from the data without significantly affecting the machine vision accuracy. We present a novel method to create a privacy-preserving latent representation of an image that could be used by a downstream machine vision model. This latent representation is constructed using adversarial training to prevent accurate reconstruction of the input while preserving the task accuracy. Specifically, we split a Deep Neural Network (DNN) model and insert an autoencoder whose purpose is to both reduce the dimensionality as well as remove information relevant to input reconstruction while minimizing the impact on task accuracy. Our results show that input reconstruction ability can be reduced by about 0.8 dB at the equivalent task accuracy, with degradation concentrated near the edges, which is important for privacy. At the same time, 30% bit savings are achieved compared to coding the features directly.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Are All Losses Created Equal: A Neural Collapse Perspective</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.02192">arxiv:2210.02192</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Jinxin Zhou, Chong You, Xiao Li, Kangning Liu, Sheng Liu, Qing Qu, Zhihui Zhu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** While cross entropy (CE) is the most commonly used loss to train deep neural networks for classification tasks, many alternative losses have been developed to obtain better empirical performance. Among them, which one is the best to use is still a mystery, because there seem to be multiple factors affecting the answer, such as properties of the dataset, the choice of network architecture, and so on. This paper studies the choice of loss function by examining the last-layer features of deep networks, drawing inspiration from a recent line work showing that the global optimal solution of CE and mean-square-error (MSE) losses exhibits a Neural Collapse phenomenon. That is, for sufficiently large networks trained until convergence, (i) all features of the same class collapse to the corresponding class mean and (ii) the means associated with different classes are in a configuration where their pairwise distances are all equal and maximized. We extend such results and show through global solution and landscape analyses that a broad family of loss functions including commonly used label smoothing (LS) and focal loss (FL) exhibits Neural Collapse. Hence, all relevant losses(i.e., CE, LS, FL, MSE) produce equivalent features on training data. Based on the unconstrained feature model assumption, we provide either the global landscape analysis for LS loss or the local landscape analysis for FL loss and show that the (only!) global minimizers are neural collapse solutions, while all other critical points are strict saddles whose Hessian exhibit negative curvature directions either in the global scope for LS loss or in the local scope for FL loss near the optimal solution. The experiments further show that Neural Collapse features obtained from all relevant losses lead to largely identical performance on test data as well, provided that the network is sufficiently large and trained until convergence.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Generalizable Artificial Intelligence Model for COVID-19 Classification Task Using Chest X-ray Radiographs: Evaluated Over Four Clinical Datasets with 15,097 Patients</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.02189">arxiv:2210.02189</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Ran Zhang, Xin Tie, John W. Garrett, Dalton Griner, Zhihua Qi, Nicholas B. Bevins, Scott B. Reeder, Guang-Hong Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Purpose: To answer the long-standing question of whether a model trained from a single clinical site can be generalized to external sites.
  Materials and Methods: 17,537 chest x-ray radiographs (CXRs) from 3,264 COVID-19-positive patients and 4,802 COVID-19-negative patients were collected from a single site for AI model development. The generalizability of the trained model was retrospectively evaluated using four different real-world clinical datasets with a total of 26,633 CXRs from 15,097 patients (3,277 COVID-19-positive patients). The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) was used to assess diagnostic performance.
  Results: The AI model trained using a single-source clinical dataset achieved an AUC of 0.82 (95% CI: 0.80, 0.84) when applied to the internal temporal test set. When applied to datasets from two external clinical sites, an AUC of 0.81 (95% CI: 0.80, 0.82) and 0.82 (95% CI: 0.80, 0.84) were achieved. An AUC of 0.79 (95% CI: 0.77, 0.81) was achieved when applied to a multi-institutional COVID-19 dataset collected by the Medical Imaging and Data Resource Center (MIDRC). A power-law dependence, N^(k )(k is empirically found to be -0.21 to -0.25), indicates a relatively weak performance dependence on the training data sizes.
  Conclusion: COVID-19 classification AI model trained using well-curated data from a single clinical site is generalizable to external clinical sites without a significant drop in performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Enriching Vulnerability Reports Through Automated and Augmented Description Summarization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01260">arxiv:2210.01260</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hattan Althebeiti, David Mohaisen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Security incidents and data breaches are increasing rapidly, and only a fraction of them is being reported. Public vulnerability databases, e.g., national vulnerability database (NVD) and common vulnerability and exposure (CVE), have been leading the effort in documenting vulnerabilities and sharing them to aid defenses. Both are known for many issues, including brief vulnerability descriptions. Those descriptions play an important role in communicating the vulnerability information to security analysts in order to develop the appropriate countermeasure. Many resources provide additional information about vulnerabilities, however, they are not utilized to boost public repositories. In this paper, we devise a pipeline to augment vulnerability description through third party reference (hyperlink) scrapping. To normalize the description, we build a natural language summarization pipeline utilizing a pretrained language model that is fine-tuned using labeled instances and evaluate its performance against both human evaluation (golden standard) and computational metrics, showing initial promising results in terms of summary fluency, completeness, correctness, and understanding.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Plateau in Monotonic Linear Interpolation -- A "Biased" View of Loss Landscape for Deep Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01019">arxiv:2210.01019</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Xiang Wang, Annie N. Wang, Mo Zhou, Rong Ge</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Monotonic linear interpolation (MLI) - on the line connecting a random initialization with the minimizer it converges to, the loss and accuracy are monotonic - is a phenomenon that is commonly observed in the training of neural networks. Such a phenomenon may seem to suggest that optimization of neural networks is easy. In this paper, we show that the MLI property is not necessarily related to the hardness of optimization problems, and empirical observations on MLI for deep neural networks depend heavily on biases. In particular, we show that interpolating both weights and biases linearly leads to very different influences on the final output, and when different classes have different last-layer biases on a deep network, there will be a long plateau in both the loss and accuracy interpolation (which existing theory of MLI cannot explain). We also show how the last-layer biases for different classes can be different even on a perfectly balanced dataset using a simple model. Empirically we demonstrate that similar intuitions hold on practical networks and realistic datasets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Membership Inference Attacks Against Text-to-image Generation Models</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00968">arxiv:2210.00968</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yixin Wu, Ning Yu, Zheng Li, Michael Backes, Yang Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Text-to-image generation models have recently attracted unprecedented attention as they unlatch imaginative applications in all areas of life. However, developing such models requires huge amounts of data that might contain privacy-sensitive information, e.g., face identity. While privacy risks have been extensively demonstrated in the image classification and GAN generation domains, privacy risks in the text-to-image generation domain are largely unexplored. In this paper, we perform the first privacy analysis of text-to-image generation models through the lens of membership inference. Specifically, we propose three key intuitions about membership information and design four attack methodologies accordingly. We conduct comprehensive evaluations on two mainstream text-to-image generation models including sequence-to-sequence modeling and diffusion-based modeling. The empirical results show that all of the proposed attacks can achieve significant performance, in some cases even close to an accuracy of 1, and thus the corresponding risk is much more severe than that shown by existing membership inference attacks. We further conduct an extensive ablation study to analyze the factors that may affect the attack performance, which can guide developers and researchers to be alert to vulnerabilities in text-to-image generation models. All these findings indicate that our proposed attacks pose a realistic privacy threat to the text-to-image generation models.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Improving Sample Quality of Diffusion Models Using Self-Attention Guidance</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00939">arxiv:2210.00939</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Susung Hong, Gyuseong Lee, Wooseok Jang, Seungryong Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Following generative adversarial networks (GANs), a de facto standard model for image generation, denoising diffusion models (DDMs) have been actively researched and attracted strong attention due to their capability to generate images with high quality and diversity. However, the way the internal self-attention mechanism works inside the UNet of DDMs is under-explored. To unveil them, in this paper, we first investigate the self-attention operations within the black-boxed diffusion models and build hypotheses. Next, we verify the hypotheses about the self-attention map by conducting frequency analysis and testing the relationships with the generated objects. In consequence, we find out that the attention map is closely related to the quality of generated images. On the other hand, diffusion guidance methods based on additional information such as labels are proposed to improve the quality of generated images. Inspired by these methods, we present label-free guidance based on the intermediate self-attention map that can guide existing pretrained diffusion models to generate images with higher fidelity. In addition to the enhanced sample quality when used alone, we show that the results are further improved by combining our method with classifier guidance on ImageNet 128x128.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Requirements Engineering for Machine Learning: A Review and Reflection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00859">arxiv:2210.00859</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhongyi Pei, Lin Liu, Chen Wang, Jianmin Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Today, many industrial processes are undergoing digital transformation, which often requires the integration of well-understood domain models and state-of-the-art machine learning technology in business processes. However, requirements elicitation and design decision making about when, where and how to embed various domain models and end-to-end machine learning techniques properly into a given business workflow requires further exploration. This paper aims to provide an overview of the requirements engineering process for machine learning applications in terms of cross domain collaborations. We first review the literature on requirements engineering for machine learning, and then go through the collaborative requirements analysis process step-by-step. An example case of industrial data-driven intelligence applications is also discussed in relation to the aforementioned steps.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>DDoS: A Graph Neural Network based Drug Synergy Prediction Algorithm</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00802">arxiv:2210.00802</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Kyriakos Schwarz, Alicia Pliego-Mendieta, Lara Planas-Paz, Chantal Pauli, Ahmed Allam, Michael Krauthammer</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Background: Drug synergy occurs when the combined effect of two drugs is greater than the sum of the individual drugs' effect. While cell line data measuring the effect of single drugs are readily available, there is relatively less comparable data on drug synergy given the vast amount of possible drug combinations. Thus, there is interest to use computational approaches to predict drug synergy for untested pairs of drugs.
  Methods: We introduce a Graph Neural Network (GNN) based model for drug synergy prediction, which utilizes drug chemical structures and cell line gene expression data. We use information from the largest drug combination database available (DrugComb), combining drug synergy scores in order to construct high confidence benchmark datasets.
  Results: Our proposed solution for drug synergy predictions offers a number of benefits: 1) It is trained on high confidence benchmark dataset. 2) It utilizes 34 distinct drug synergy datasets to learn on a wide variety of drugs and cell lines representations. 3) It learns task-specific drug representations, instead of relying on generalized and pre-computed chemical drug features. 4) It achieves similar or better prediction performance (AUPR scores ranging from 0.777 to 0.964) compared to state-of-the-art baseline models when tested on various benchmark datasets.
  Conclusions: We demonstrate that a GNN based model can provide state-of-the-art drug synergy predictions by learning task-specific representations of drugs.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HPC Storage Service Autotuning Using Variational-Autoencoder-Guided Asynchronous Bayesian Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00798">arxiv:2210.00798</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Matthieu Dorier, Romain Egele, Prasanna Balaprakash, Jaehoon Koo, Sandeep Madireddy, Srinivasan Ramesh, Allen D. Malony, Rob Ross</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Distributed data storage services tailored to specific applications have grown popular in the high-performance computing (HPC) community as a way to address I/O and storage challenges. These services offer a variety of specific interfaces, semantics, and data representations. They also expose many tuning parameters, making it difficult for their users to find the best configuration for a given workload and platform.
  To address this issue, we develop a novel variational-autoencoder-guided asynchronous Bayesian optimization method to tune HPC storage service parameters. Our approach uses transfer learning to leverage prior tuning results and use a dynamically updated surrogate model to explore the large parameter search space in a systematic way.
  We implement our approach within the DeepHyper open-source framework, and apply it to the autotuning of a high-energy physics workflow on Argonne's Theta supercomputer. We show that our transfer-learning approach enables a more than $40\times$ search speedup over random search, compared with a $2.5\times$ to $10\times$ speedup when not using transfer learning. Additionally, we show that our approach is on par with state-of-the-art autotuning frameworks in speed and outperforms them in resource utilization and parallelization capabilities.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Accelerate Reinforcement Learning with PID Controllers in the Pendulum Simulations</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00770">arxiv:2210.00770</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Liping Bai</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a Proportional Integral Derivative (PID) controller-based coaching scheme to expedite reinforcement learning (RL).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>MTSMAE: Masked Autoencoders for Multivariate Time-Series Forecasting</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.02199">arxiv:2210.02199</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Peiwang Tang, Xianchao Zhang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Large-scale self-supervised pre-training Transformer architecture have significantly boosted the performance for various tasks in natural language processing (NLP) and computer vision (CV). However, there is a lack of researches on processing multivariate time-series by pre-trained Transformer, and especially, current study on masking time-series for self-supervised learning is still a gap. Different from language and image processing, the information density of time-series increases the difficulty of research. The challenge goes further with the invalidity of the previous patch embedding and mask methods. In this paper, according to the data characteristics of multivariate time-series, a patch embedding method is proposed, and we present an self-supervised pre-training approach based on Masked Autoencoders (MAE), called MTSMAE, which can improve the performance significantly over supervised learning without pre-training. Evaluating our method on several common multivariate time-series datasets from different fields and with different characteristics, experiment results demonstrate that the performance of our method is significantly better than the best method currently available.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Domain Discrepancy Aware Distillation for Model Aggregation in Federated Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.02190">arxiv:2210.02190</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Shangchao Su, Bin Li, Xiangyang Xue</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Knowledge distillation has recently become popular as a method of model aggregation on the server for federated learning. It is generally assumed that there are abundant public unlabeled data on the server. However, in reality, there exists a domain discrepancy between the datasets of the server domain and a client domain, which limits the performance of knowledge distillation. How to improve the aggregation under such a domain discrepancy setting is still an open problem. In this paper, we first analyze the generalization bound of the aggregation model produced from knowledge distillation for the client domains, and then describe two challenges, server-to-client discrepancy and client-to-client discrepancy, brought to the aggregation model by the domain discrepancies. Following our analysis, we propose an adaptive knowledge aggregation algorithm FedD3A based on domain discrepancy aware distillation to lower the bound. FedD3A performs adaptive weighting at the sample level in each round of FL. For each sample in the server domain, only the client models of its similar domains will be selected for playing the teacher role. To achieve this, we show that the discrepancy between the server-side sample and the client domain can be approximately measured using a subspace projection matrix calculated on each client without accessing its raw data. The server can thus leverage the projection matrices from multiple clients to assign weights to the corresponding teacher models for each server-side sample. We validate FedD3A on two popular cross-domain datasets and show that it outperforms the compared competitors in both cross-silo and cross-device FL settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>CostNet: An End-to-End Framework for Goal-Directed Reinforcement Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01805">arxiv:2210.01805</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Per-Arne Andersen, Morten Goodwin, Ole-Christoffer Granmo</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reinforcement Learning (RL) is a general framework concerned with an agent that seeks to maximize rewards in an environment. The learning typically happens through trial and error using explorative methods, such as epsilon-greedy. There are two approaches, model-based and model-free reinforcement learning, that show concrete results in several disciplines. Model-based RL learns a model of the environment for learning the policy while model-free approaches are fully explorative and exploitative without considering the underlying environment dynamics. Model-free RL works conceptually well in simulated environments, and empirical evidence suggests that trial and error lead to a near-optimal behavior with enough training. On the other hand, model-based RL aims to be sample efficient, and studies show that it requires far less training in the real environment for learning a good policy.
  A significant challenge with RL is that it relies on a well-defined reward function to work well for complex environments and such a reward function is challenging to define. Goal-Directed RL is an alternative method that learns an intrinsic reward function with emphasis on a few explored trajectories that reveals the path to the goal state.
  This paper introduces a novel reinforcement learning algorithm for predicting the distance between two states in a Markov Decision Process. The learned distance function works as an intrinsic reward that fuels the agent's learning. Using the distance-metric as a reward, we show that the algorithm performs comparably to model-free RL while having significantly better sample-efficiently in several test environments.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Federated Graph-based Networks with Shared Embedding</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01803">arxiv:2210.01803</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Tianyi Yu, Pei Lai, Fei Teng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Nowadays, user privacy is becoming an issue that cannot be bypassed for system developers, especially for that of web applications where data can be easily transferred through internet. Thankfully, federated learning proposes an innovative method to train models with distributed devices while data are kept in local storage. However, unlike general neural networks, although graph-based networks have achieved great success in classification tasks and advanced recommendation system, its high performance relies on the rich context provided by a graph structure, which is vulnerable when data attributes are incomplete. Therefore, the latter becomes a realistic problem when implementing federated learning for graph-based networks. Knowing that data embedding is a representation in a different space, we propose our Federated Graph-based Networks with Shared Embedding (Feras), which uses shared embedding data to train the network and avoids the direct sharing of original data. A solid theoretical proof of the convergence of Feras is given in this work. Experiments on different datasets (PPI, Flickr, Reddit) are conducted to show the efficiency of Feras for centralized learning. Finally, Feras enables the training of current graph-based models in the federated learning framework for privacy concern.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Alternating Differentiation for Optimization Layers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01802">arxiv:2210.01802</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Haixiang Sun, Ye Shi, Jingya Wang, Hoang Duong Tuan, H. Vincent Poor, Dacheng Tao</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The idea of embedding optimization problems into deep neural networks as optimization layers to encode constraints and inductive priors has taken hold in recent years. Most existing methods focus on implicitly differentiating Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (KKT) conditions in a way that requires expensive computations on the Jacobian matrix, which can be slow and memory-intensive. In this paper, we developed a new framework, named Alternating Differentiation (Alt-Diff), that differentiates optimization problems (here, specifically in the form of convex optimization problems with polyhedral constraints) in a fast and recursive way. Alt-Diff decouples the differentiation procedure into a primal update and a dual update in an alternating way. Accordingly, Alt-Diff substantially decreases the dimensions of the Jacobian matrix and thus significantly increases the computational speed of implicit differentiation. Further, we present the computational complexity of the forward and backward pass of Alt-Diff and show that Alt-Diff enjoys quadratic computational complexity in the backward pass. Another notable difference between Alt-Diff and state-of-the-arts is that Alt-Diff can be truncated for the optimization layer. We theoretically show that: 1) Alt-Diff can converge to consistent gradients obtained by differentiating KKT conditions; 2) the error between the gradient obtained by the truncated Alt-Diff and by differentiating KKT conditions is upper bounded by the same order of variables' truncation error. Therefore, Alt-Diff can be truncated to further increases computational speed without sacrificing much accuracy. A series of comprehensive experiments demonstrate that Alt-Diff yields results comparable to the state-of-the-arts in far less time.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Is Reinforcement Learning (Not) for Natural Language Processing?: Benchmarks, Baselines, and Building Blocks for Natural Language Policy Optimization</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01241">arxiv:2210.01241</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Rajkumar Ramamurthy, Prithviraj Ammanabrolu, Kianté Brantley, Jack Hessel, Rafet Sifa, Christian Bauckhage, Hannaneh Hajishirzi, Yejin Choi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We tackle the problem of aligning pre-trained large language models (LMs) with human preferences. If we view text generation as a sequential decision-making problem, reinforcement learning (RL) appears to be a natural conceptual framework. However, using RL for LM-based generation faces empirical challenges, including training instability due to the combinatorial action space, as well as a lack of open-source libraries and benchmarks customized for LM alignment. Thus, a question rises in the research community: is RL a practical paradigm for NLP?
  To help answer this, we first introduce an open-source modular library, RL4LMs (Reinforcement Learning for Language Models), for optimizing language generators with RL. The library consists of on-policy RL algorithms that can be used to train any encoder or encoder-decoder LM in the HuggingFace library (Wolf et al. 2020) with an arbitrary reward function. Next, we present the GRUE (General Reinforced-language Understanding Evaluation) benchmark, a set of 6 language generation tasks which are supervised not by target strings, but by reward functions which capture automated measures of human preference.GRUE is the first leaderboard-style evaluation of RL algorithms for NLP tasks. Finally, we introduce an easy-to-use, performant RL algorithm, NLPO (Natural Language Policy Optimization)} that learns to effectively reduce the combinatorial action space in language generation. We show 1) that RL techniques are generally better than supervised methods at aligning LMs to human preferences; and 2) that NLPO exhibits greater stability and performance than previous policy gradient methods (e.g., PPO (Schulman et al. 2017)), based on both automatic and human evaluation.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Estimating the Performance of Entity Resolution Algorithms: Lessons Learned Through PatentsView.org</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.01230">arxiv:2210.01230</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Olivier Binette, Sokhna A York, Emma Hickerson, Youngsoo Baek, Sarvo Madhavan, Christina Jones</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This paper introduces a novel evaluation methodology for entity resolution algorithms. It is motivated by PatentsView.org, a U.S. Patents and Trademarks Office patent data exploration tool that disambiguates patent inventors using an entity resolution algorithm. We provide a data collection methodology and tailored performance estimators that account for sampling biases. Our approach is simple, practical and principled -- key characteristics that allow us to paint the first representative picture of PatentsView's disambiguation performance. This approach is used to inform PatentsView's users of the reliability of the data and to allow the comparison of competing disambiguation algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Analysis of (sub-)Riemannian PDE-G-CNNs</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00935">arxiv:2210.00935</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Gijs Bellaard, Daan Bon, Gautam Pai, Bart Smets, Remco Duits</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Group equivariant convolutional neural networks (G-CNNs) have been successfully applied in geometric deep-learning. Typically, G-CNNs have the advantage over CNNs that they do not waste network capacity on training symmetries that should have been hard-coded in the network. The recently introduced framework of PDE-based G-CNNs (PDE-G-CNNs) generalize G-CNNs. PDE-G-CNNs have the core advantages that they simultaneously 1) reduce network complexity, 2) increase classification performance, 3) provide geometric network interpretability. Their implementations solely consist of linear and morphological convolutions with kernels.
  In this paper we show that the previously suggested approximative morphological kernels do not always approximate the exact kernels accurately. More specifically, depending on the spatial anisotropy of the Riemannian metric, we argue that one must resort to sub-Riemannian approximations. We solve this problem by providing a new approximative kernel that works regardless of the anisotropy. We provide new theorems with better error estimates of the approximative kernels, and prove that they all carry the same reflectional symmetries as the exact ones.
  We test the effectiveness of multiple approximative kernels within the PDE-G-CNN framework on two datasets, and observe an improvement with the new approximative kernel. We report that the PDE-G-CNNs again allow for a considerable reduction of network complexity while having a comparable or better performance than G-CNNs and CNNs on the two datasets. Moreover, PDE-G-CNNs have the advantage of better geometric interpretability over G-CNNs, as the morphological kernels are related to association fields from neurogeometry.

</p>
</details>


{% endraw %}
Prev: [2022.10.02]({{ '/2022/10/02/2022.10.02.html' | relative_url }})  Next: [2022.10.04]({{ '/2022/10/04/2022.10.04.html' | relative_url }})