## Summary for 2021-02-06, created on 2021-12-23


<details><summary><b>COVIDHunter: An Accurate, Flexible, and Environment-Aware Open-Source COVID-19 Outbreak Simulation Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03667">arxiv:2102.03667</a>
&#x1F4C8; 21 <br>
<p>Mohammed Alser, Jeremie S. Kim, Nour Almadhoun Alserr, Stefan W. Tell, Onur Mutlu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Motivation: Early detection and isolation of COVID-19 patients are essential for successful implementation of mitigation strategies and eventually curbing the disease spread. With a limited number of daily COVID19 tests performed in every country, simulating the COVID-19 spread along with the potential effect of each mitigation strategy currently remains one of the most effective ways in managing the healthcare system and guiding policy-makers. We introduce COVIDHunter, a flexible and accurate COVID-19 outbreak simulation model that evaluates the current mitigation measures that are applied to a region and provides suggestions on what strength the upcoming mitigation measure should be. The key idea of COVIDHunter is to quantify the spread of COVID-19 in a geographical region by simulating the average number of new infections caused by an infected person considering the effect of external factors, such as environmental conditions (e.g., climate, temperature, humidity) and mitigation measures.
  Results: Using Switzerland as a case study, COVIDHunter estimates that the policy-makers need to keep the current mitigation measures for at least 30 days to prevent demand from quickly exceeding existing hospital capacity. Relaxing the mitigation measures by 50% for 30 days increases both the daily capacity need for hospital beds and daily number of deaths exponentially by an average of 23.8x, who may occupy ICU beds and ventilators for a period of time. Unlike existing models, the COVIDHunter model accurately monitors and predicts the daily number of cases, hospitalizations, and deaths due to COVID-19. Our model is flexible to configure and simple to modify for modeling different scenarios under different environmental conditions and mitigation measures.
  Availability: https://github.com/CMU-SAFARI/COVIDHunter

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Open-World Semi-Supervised Learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03526">arxiv:2102.03526</a>
&#x1F4C8; 15 <br>
<p>Kaidi Cao, Maria Brbic, Jure Leskovec</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Supervised and semi-supervised learning methods have been traditionally designed for the closed-world setting based on the assumption that unlabeled test data contains only classes previously encountered in the labeled training data. However, the real world is inherently open and dynamic, and thus novel, previously unseen classes may appear in the test data or during the model deployment. Here, we introduce a new open-world semi-supervised learning setting in which the model is required to recognize previously seen classes, as well as to discover novel classes never seen in the labeled dataset. To tackle the problem, we propose ORCA, an approach that learns to simultaneously classify and cluster the data. ORCA classifies examples from the unlabeled dataset to previously seen classes, or forms a novel class by grouping similar examples together. The key idea in ORCA is in introducing uncertainty based adaptive margin that effectively circumvents the bias caused by the imbalance of variance between seen and novel classes/clusters. We demonstrate that ORCA accurately discovers novel classes and assigns samples to previously seen classes on benchmark image classification datasets, including CIFAR and ImageNet. Remarkably, despite solving the harder task ORCA outperforms semi-supervised methods on seen classes, as well as novel class discovery methods on novel classes, achieving 7% and 151% improvements on seen and novel classes in the ImageNet dataset.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>SPADE: A Spectral Method for Black-Box Adversarial Robustness Evaluation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03716">arxiv:2102.03716</a>
&#x1F4C8; 10 <br>
<p>Wuxinlin Cheng, Chenhui Deng, Zhiqiang Zhao, Yaohui Cai, Zhiru Zhang, Zhuo Feng</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** A black-box spectral method is introduced for evaluating the adversarial robustness of a given machine learning (ML) model. Our approach, named SPADE, exploits bijective distance mapping between the input/output graphs constructed for approximating the manifolds corresponding to the input/output data. By leveraging the generalized Courant-Fischer theorem, we propose a SPADE score for evaluating the adversarial robustness of a given model, which is proved to be an upper bound of the best Lipschitz constant under the manifold setting. To reveal the most non-robust data samples highly vulnerable to adversarial attacks, we develop a spectral graph embedding procedure leveraging dominant generalized eigenvectors. This embedding step allows assigning each data sample a robustness score that can be further harnessed for more effective adversarial training. Our experiments show the proposed SPADE method leads to promising empirical results for neural network models that are adversarially trained with the MNIST and CIFAR-10 data sets.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Drug Package Recommendation via Interaction-aware Graph Induction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03577">arxiv:2102.03577</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Zhi Zheng, Chao Wang, Tong Xu, Dazhong Shen, Penggang Qin, Baoxing Huai, Tongzhu Liu, Enhong Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent years have witnessed the rapid accumulation of massive electronic medical records (EMRs), which highly support the intelligent medical services such as drug recommendation. However, prior arts mainly follow the traditional recommendation strategies like collaborative filtering, which usually treat individual drugs as mutually independent, while the latent interactions among drugs, e.g., synergistic or antagonistic effect, have been largely ignored. To that end, in this paper, we target at developing a new paradigm for drug package recommendation with considering the interaction effect within drugs, in which the interaction effects could be affected by patient conditions. Specifically, we first design a pre-training method based on neural collaborative filtering to get the initial embedding of patients and drugs. Then, the drug interaction graph will be initialized based on medical records and domain knowledge. Along this line, we propose a new Drug Package Recommendation (DPR) framework with two variants, respectively DPR on Weighted Graph (DPR-WG) and DPR on Attributed Graph (DPR-AG) to solve the problem, in which each the interactions will be described as signed weights or attribute vectors. In detail, a mask layer is utilized to capture the impact of patient condition, and graph neural networks (GNNs) are leveraged for the final graph induction task to embed the package. Extensive experiments on a real-world data set from a first-rate hospital demonstrate the effectiveness of our DPR framework compared with several competitive baseline methods, and further support the heuristic study for the drug package generation task with adequate performance.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Privacy-Preserving Video Classification with Convolutional Neural Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03513">arxiv:2102.03513</a>
&#x1F4C8; 7 <br>
<p>Sikha Pentyala, Rafael Dowsley, Martine De Cock</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Many video classification applications require access to personal data, thereby posing an invasive security risk to the users' privacy. We propose a privacy-preserving implementation of single-frame method based video classification with convolutional neural networks that allows a party to infer a label from a video without necessitating the video owner to disclose their video to other entities in an unencrypted manner. Similarly, our approach removes the requirement of the classifier owner from revealing their model parameters to outside entities in plaintext. To this end, we combine existing Secure Multi-Party Computation (MPC) protocols for private image classification with our novel MPC protocols for oblivious single-frame selection and secure label aggregation across frames. The result is an end-to-end privacy-preserving video classification pipeline. We evaluate our proposed solution in an application for private human emotion recognition. Our results across a variety of security settings, spanning honest and dishonest majority configurations of the computing parties, and for both passive and active adversaries, demonstrate that videos can be classified with state-of-the-art accuracy, and without leaking sensitive user information.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exclusive Topic Modeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03525">arxiv:2102.03525</a>
&#x1F4C8; 5 <br>
<p>Hao Lei, Ying Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose an Exclusive Topic Modeling (ETM) for unsupervised text classification, which is able to 1) identify the field-specific keywords though less frequently appeared and 2) deliver well-structured topics with exclusive words. In particular, a weighted Lasso penalty is imposed to reduce the dominance of the frequently appearing yet less relevant words automatically, and a pairwise Kullback-Leibler divergence penalty is used to implement topics separation. Simulation studies demonstrate that the ETM detects the field-specific keywords, while LDA fails. When applying to the benchmark NIPS dataset, the topic coherence score on average improves by 22% and 10% for the model with weighted Lasso penalty and pairwise Kullback-Leibler divergence penalty, respectively.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>The Arc of the Data Scientific Universe</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.10050">arxiv:2102.10050</a>
&#x1F4C8; 4 <br>
<p>David Leslie</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper I explore the scaffolding of normative assumptions that supports Sabina Leonelli's implicit appeal to the values of epistemic integrity and the global public good that conjointly animate the ethos of responsible and sustainable data work in the context of COVID-19. Drawing primarily on the writings of sociologist Robert K. Merton, the thinkers of the Vienna Circle, and Charles Sanders Peirce, I make some of these assumptions explicit by telling a longer story about the evolution of social thinking about the normative structure of science from Merton's articulation of his well-known norms (those of universalism, communism, organized skepticism, and disinterestedness) to the present. I show that while Merton's norms and his intertwinement of these with the underlying mechanisms of democratic order provide us with an especially good starting point to explore and clarify the commitments and values of science, Leonelli's broader, more context-responsive, and more holistic vision of the epistemic integrity of data scientific understanding, and her discernment of the global and biospheric scope of its moral-practical reach, move beyond Merton's schema in ways that effectively draw upon important critiques. Stepping past Merton, I argue that a combination of situated universalism, methodological pluralism, strong objectivity, and unbounded communalism must guide the responsible and sustainable data work of the future.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Manifold Learning for Knowledge Discovery and Intelligent Inverse Design of Photonic Nanostructures: Breaking the Geometric Complexity</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.04454">arxiv:2102.04454</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Mohammadreza Zandehshahvar, Yashar Kiarashi, Muliang Zhu, Hossein Maleki, Tyler Brown, Ali Adibi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Here, we present a new approach based on manifold learning for knowledge discovery and inverse design with minimal complexity in photonic nanostructures. Our approach builds on studying sub-manifolds of responses of a class of nanostructures with different design complexities in the latent space to obtain valuable insight about the physics of device operation to guide a more intelligent design. In contrast to the current methods for inverse design of photonic nanostructures, which are limited to pre-selected and usually over-complex structures, we show that our method allows evolution from an initial design towards the simplest structure while solving the inverse problem.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>HGAN: Hybrid Generative Adversarial Network</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03710">arxiv:2102.03710</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Seyed Mehdi Iranmanesh, Nasser M. Nasrabadi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we present a simple approach to train Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) in order to avoid a \textit {mode collapse} issue. Implicit models such as GANs tend to generate better samples compared to explicit models that are trained on tractable data likelihood. However, GANs overlook the explicit data density characteristics which leads to undesirable quantitative evaluations and mode collapse. To bridge this gap, we propose a hybrid generative adversarial network (HGAN) for which we can enforce data density estimation via an autoregressive model and support both adversarial and likelihood framework in a joint training manner which diversify the estimated density in order to cover different modes. We propose to use an adversarial network to \textit {transfer knowledge} from an autoregressive model (teacher) to the generator (student) of a GAN model. A novel deep architecture within the GAN formulation is developed to adversarially distill the autoregressive model information in addition to simple GAN training approach. We conduct extensive experiments on real-world datasets (i.e., MNIST, CIFAR-10, STL-10) to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed HGAN under qualitative and quantitative evaluations. The experimental results show the superiority and competitiveness of our method compared to the baselines.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Jointly Improving Language Understanding and Generation with Quality-Weighted Weak Supervision of Automatic Labeling</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03551">arxiv:2102.03551</a>
&#x1F4C8; 3 <br>
<p>Ernie Chang, Vera Demberg, Alex Marin</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural natural language generation (NLG) and understanding (NLU) models are data-hungry and require massive amounts of annotated data to be competitive. Recent frameworks address this bottleneck with generative models that synthesize weak labels at scale, where a small amount of training labels are expert-curated and the rest of the data is automatically annotated. We follow that approach, by automatically constructing a large-scale weakly-labeled data with a fine-tuned GPT-2, and employ a semi-supervised framework to jointly train the NLG and NLU models. The proposed framework adapts the parameter updates to the models according to the estimated label-quality. On both the E2E and Weather benchmarks, we show that this weakly supervised training paradigm is an effective approach under low resource scenarios and outperforming benchmark systems on both datasets when 100% of training data is used.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>An open access NLP dataset for Arabic dialects : Data collection, labeling, and model construction</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.11000">arxiv:2102.11000</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>ElMehdi Boujou, Hamza Chataoui, Abdellah El Mekki, Saad Benjelloun, Ikram Chairi, Ismail Berrada</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Natural Language Processing (NLP) is today a very active field of research and innovation. Many applications need however big sets of data for supervised learning, suitably labelled for the training purpose. This includes applications for the Arabic language and its national dialects. However, such open access labeled data sets in Arabic and its dialects are lacking in the Data Science ecosystem and this lack can be a burden to innovation and research in this field. In this work, we present an open data set of social data content in several Arabic dialects. This data was collected from the Twitter social network and consists on +50K twits in five (5) national dialects. Furthermore, this data was labeled for several applications, namely dialect detection, topic detection and sentiment analysis. We publish this data as an open access data to encourage innovation and encourage other works in the field of NLP for Arabic dialects and social media. A selection of models were built using this data set and are presented in this paper along with their performances.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Concentrated Document Topic Model</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.04449">arxiv:2102.04449</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Hao Lei, Ying Chen</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We propose a Concentrated Document Topic Model(CDTM) for unsupervised text classification, which is able to produce a concentrated and sparse document topic distribution. In particular, an exponential entropy penalty is imposed on the document topic distribution. Documents that have diverse topic distributions are penalized more, while those having concentrated topics are penalized less. We apply the model to the benchmark NIPS dataset and observe more coherent topics and more concentrated and sparse document-topic distributions than Latent Dirichlet Allocation(LDA).

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Exploratory Data Analysis for Airline Disruption Management</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03711">arxiv:2102.03711</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Kolawole Ogunsina, Ilias Bilionis, Daniel DeLaurentis</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Reliable platforms for data collation during airline schedule operations have significantly increased the quality and quantity of available information for effectively managing airline schedule disruptions. To that effect, this paper applies macroscopic and microscopic techniques by way of basic statistics and machine learning, respectively, to analyze historical scheduling and operations data from a major airline in the United States. Macroscopic results reveal that majority of irregular operations in airline schedule that occurred over a one-year period stemmed from disruptions due to flight delays, while microscopic results validate different modeling assumptions about key drivers for airline disruption management like turnaround as a Gaussian process.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Unsupervised Audio-Visual Subspace Alignment for High-Stakes Deception Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03673">arxiv:2102.03673</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Leena Mathur, Maja J Matarić</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Automated systems that detect deception in high-stakes situations can enhance societal well-being across medical, social work, and legal domains. Existing models for detecting high-stakes deception in videos have been supervised, but labeled datasets to train models can rarely be collected for most real-world applications. To address this problem, we propose the first multimodal unsupervised transfer learning approach that detects real-world, high-stakes deception in videos without using high-stakes labels. Our subspace-alignment (SA) approach adapts audio-visual representations of deception in lab-controlled low-stakes scenarios to detect deception in real-world, high-stakes situations. Our best unsupervised SA models outperform models without SA, outperform human ability, and perform comparably to a number of existing supervised models. Our research demonstrates the potential for introducing subspace-based transfer learning to model high-stakes deception and other social behaviors in real-world contexts with a scarcity of labeled behavioral data.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Speaker attribution with voice profiles by graph-based semi-supervised learning</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03634">arxiv:2102.03634</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Jixuan Wang, Xiong Xiao, Jian Wu, Ranjani Ramamurthy, Frank Rudzicz, Michael Brudno</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Speaker attribution is required in many real-world applications, such as meeting transcription, where speaker identity is assigned to each utterance according to speaker voice profiles. In this paper, we propose to solve the speaker attribution problem by using graph-based semi-supervised learning methods. A graph of speech segments is built for each session, on which segments from voice profiles are represented by labeled nodes while segments from test utterances are unlabeled nodes. The weight of edges between nodes is evaluated by the similarities between the pretrained speaker embeddings of speech segments. Speaker attribution then becomes a semi-supervised learning problem on graphs, on which two graph-based methods are applied: label propagation (LP) and graph neural networks (GNNs). The proposed approaches are able to utilize the structural information of the graph to improve speaker attribution performance. Experimental results on real meeting data show that the graph based approaches reduce speaker attribution error by up to 68% compared to a baseline speaker identification approach that processes each utterance independently.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Understanding Higher-order Structures in Evolving Graphs: A Simplicial Complex based Kernel Estimation Approach</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03609">arxiv:2102.03609</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Manohar Kaul, Masaaki Imaizumi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Dynamic graphs are rife with higher-order interactions, such as co-authorship relationships and protein-protein interactions in biological networks, that naturally arise between more than two nodes at once. In spite of the ubiquitous presence of such higher-order interactions, limited attention has been paid to the higher-order counterpart of the popular pairwise link prediction problem. Existing higher-order structure prediction methods are mostly based on heuristic feature extraction procedures, which work well in practice but lack theoretical guarantees. Such heuristics are primarily focused on predicting links in a static snapshot of the graph. Moreover, these heuristic-based methods fail to effectively utilize and benefit from the knowledge of latent substructures already present within the higher-order structures. In this paper, we overcome these obstacles by capturing higher-order interactions succinctly as \textit{simplices}, model their neighborhood by face-vectors, and develop a nonparametric kernel estimator for simplices that views the evolving graph from the perspective of a time process (i.e., a sequence of graph snapshots). Our method substantially outperforms several baseline higher-order prediction methods. As a theoretical achievement, we prove the consistency and asymptotic normality in terms of the Wasserstein distance of our estimator using Stein's method.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Bootstrapping Statistical Inference for Off-Policy Evaluation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03607">arxiv:2102.03607</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Botao Hao, Xiang Ji, Yaqi Duan, Hao Lu, Csaba Szepesvári, Mengdi Wang</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Bootstrapping provides a flexible and effective approach for assessing the quality of batch reinforcement learning, yet its theoretical property is less understood. In this paper, we study the use of bootstrapping in off-policy evaluation (OPE), and in particular, we focus on the fitted Q-evaluation (FQE) that is known to be minimax-optimal in the tabular and linear-model cases. We propose a bootstrapping FQE method for inferring the distribution of the policy evaluation error and show that this method is asymptotically efficient and distributionally consistent for off-policy statistical inference. To overcome the computation limit of bootstrapping, we further adapt a subsampling procedure that improves the runtime by an order of magnitude. We numerically evaluate the bootrapping method in classical RL environments for confidence interval estimation, estimating the variance of off-policy evaluator, and estimating the correlation between multiple off-policy evaluators.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Online nonparametric regression with Sobolev kernels</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03594">arxiv:2102.03594</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Oleksandr Zadorozhnyi, Pierre Gaillard, Sebastien Gerschinovitz, Alessandro Rudi</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this work we investigate the variation of the online kernelized ridge regression algorithm in the setting of $d-$dimensional adversarial nonparametric regression. We derive the regret upper bounds on the classes of Sobolev spaces $W_{p}^β(\mathcal{X})$, $p\geq 2, β>\frac{d}{p}$. The upper bounds are supported by the minimax regret analysis, which reveals that in the cases $β> \frac{d}{2}$ or $p=\infty$ these rates are (essentially) optimal. Finally, we compare the performance of the kernelized ridge regression forecaster to the known non-parametric forecasters in terms of the regret rates and their computational complexity as well as to the excess risk rates in the setting of statistical (i.i.d.) nonparametric regression.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Scalable Inference of Sparsely-changing Markov Random Fields with Strong Statistical Guarantees</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03585">arxiv:2102.03585</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Salar Fattahi, Andres Gomez</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** In this paper, we study the problem of inferring time-varying Markov random fields (MRF), where the underlying graphical model is both sparse and changes sparsely over time. Most of the existing methods for the inference of time-varying MRFs rely on the regularized maximum likelihood estimation (MLE), that typically suffer from weak statistical guarantees and high computational time. Instead, we introduce a new class of constrained optimization problems for the inference of sparsely-changing MRFs. The proposed optimization problem is formulated based on the exact $\ell_0$ regularization, and can be solved in near-linear time and memory. Moreover, we show that the proposed estimator enjoys a provably small estimation error. As a special case, we derive sharp statistical guarantees for the inference of sparsely-changing Gaussian MRFs (GMRF) in the high-dimensional regime, showing that such problems can be learned with as few as one sample per time. Our proposed method is extremely efficient in practice: it can accurately estimate sparsely-changing graphical models with more than 500 million variables in less than one hour.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Systematic Approach for MRI Brain Tumor Localization, and Segmentation using Deep Learning and Active Contouring</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03532">arxiv:2102.03532</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Shanaka Ramesh Gunasekara, H. N. T. K. Kaldera, Maheshi B. Dissanayake</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** One of the main requirements of tumor extraction is the annotation and segmentation of tumor boundaries correctly. For this purpose, we present a threefold deep learning architecture. First classifiers are implemented with a deep convolutional neural network(CNN) andsecond a region-based convolutional neural network (R-CNN) is performed on the classified images to localize the tumor regions of interest. As the third and final stage, the concentratedtumor boundary is contoured for the segmentation process by using the Chan-Vesesegmentation algorithm. As the typical edge detection algorithms based on gradients of pixel intensity tend to fail in the medical image segmentation process, an active contour algorithm defined with the level set function is proposed. Specifically, Chan- Vese algorithm was applied to detect the tumor boundaries for the segmentation process. To evaluate the performance of the overall system, Dice Score,Rand Index (RI), Variation of Information (VOI), Global Consistency Error (GCE), Boundary Displacement Error (BDE), Mean absolute error (MAE), and Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR) werecalculated by comparing the segmented boundary area which is the final output of the proposed, against the demarcations of the subject specialists which is the gold standard. Overall performance of the proposed architecture for both glioma and meningioma segmentation is with average dice score of 0.92, (also, with RI of 0.9936, VOI of 0.0301, GCE of 0.004, BDE of 2.099, PSNR of 77.076 and MAE of 52.946), pointing to high reliability of the proposed architecture.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Privacy-Preserving Feature Selection with Secure Multiparty Computation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03517">arxiv:2102.03517</a>
&#x1F4C8; 2 <br>
<p>Xiling Li, Rafael Dowsley, Martine De Cock</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Existing work on privacy-preserving machine learning with Secure Multiparty Computation (MPC) is almost exclusively focused on model training and on inference with trained models, thereby overlooking the important data pre-processing stage. In this work, we propose the first MPC based protocol for private feature selection based on the filter method, which is independent of model training, and can be used in combination with any MPC protocol to rank features. We propose an efficient feature scoring protocol based on Gini impurity to this end. To demonstrate the feasibility of our approach for practical data science, we perform experiments with the proposed MPC protocols for feature selection in a commonly used machine-learning-as-a-service configuration where computations are outsourced to multiple servers, with semi-honest and with malicious adversaries. Regarding effectiveness, we show that secure feature selection with the proposed protocols improves the accuracy of classifiers on a variety of real-world data sets, without leaking information about the feature values or even which features were selected. Regarding efficiency, we document runtimes ranging from several seconds to an hour for our protocols to finish, depending on the size of the data set and the security settings.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning for Request Dispatching in Distributed-Controller Software-Defined Networking</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03022">arxiv:2103.03022</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Victoria Huang, Gang Chen, Qiang Fu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recently, distributed controller architectures have been quickly gaining popularity in Software-Defined Networking (SDN). However, the use of distributed controllers introduces a new and important Request Dispatching (RD) problem with the goal for every SDN switch to properly dispatch their requests among all controllers so as to optimize network performance. This goal can be fulfilled by designing an RD policy to guide distribution of requests at each switch. In this paper, we propose a Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning (MA-DRL) approach to automatically design RD policies with high adaptability and performance. This is achieved through a new problem formulation in the form of a Multi-Agent Markov Decision Process (MA-MDP), a new adaptive RD policy design and a new MA-DRL algorithm called MA-PPO. Extensive simulation studies show that our MA-DRL technique can effectively train RD policies to significantly outperform man-made policies, model-based policies, as well as RD policies learned via single-agent DRL algorithms.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Coherence of Working Memory Study Between Deep Neural Network and Neurophysiology</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.10994">arxiv:2102.10994</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Yurui Ming</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The auto feature extraction capability of deep neural networks (DNN) endows them the potentiality for analysing complicated electroencephalogram (EEG) data captured from brain functionality research. This work investigates the potential coherent correspondence between the region-of-interest (ROI) for DNN to explore, and ROI for conventional neurophysiological oriented methods to work with, exemplified in the case of working memory study. The attention mechanism induced by global average pooling (GAP) is applied to a public EEG dataset of working memory, to unveil these coherent ROIs via a classification problem. The result shows the alignment of ROIs from different research disciplines. This work asserts the confidence and promise of utilizing DNN for EEG data analysis, albeit in lack of the interpretation to network operations.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>WiSleep: Scalable Sleep Monitoring and Analytics Using Passive WiFi Sensing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03690">arxiv:2102.03690</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Priyanka Mary Mammen, Camellia Zakaria, Tergel Molom-Ochir, Amee Trivedi, Prashant Shenoy, Rajesh Balan</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Sleep deprivation is a public health concern that significantly impacts one's well-being and performance. Sleep is an intimate experience, and state-of-the-art sleep monitoring solutions are highly-personalized to individual users. With a motivation to expand sleep monitoring at a large-scale and contribute sleep data to public health understanding, we present WiSleep, a sleep monitoring and analytics platform using smartphone network connections that are passively sensed from WiFi infrastructure. We propose an unsupervised ensemble model of Bayesian change point detection to predict sleep and wake-up times. Then, we validate our approach using ground truth from a user study in campus dormitories and a private home. Our results find WiSleep outperforming established methods for users with irregular sleep patterns while yielding comparable accuracy for regular sleepers with an average 79.5\% accuracy. This is comparable to client-side based methods, albeit utilizing only coarse-grained information. Finally, we show that WiSleep can process data from 20,000 users on a single commodity server, allowing it to scale to large campus populations with low server requirements.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Making Intelligent Reflecting Surfaces More Intelligent: A Roadmap Through Reservoir Computing</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03688">arxiv:2102.03688</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhou Zhou, Kangjun Bai, Nima Mohammadi, Yang Yi, Lingjia Liu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** This article introduces a neural network-based signal processing framework for intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) aided wireless communications systems. By modeling radio-frequency (RF) impairments inside the "meta-atoms" of IRS (including nonlinearity and memory effects), we present an approach that generalizes the entire IRS-aided system as a reservoir computing (RC) system, an efficient recurrent neural network (RNN) operating in a state near the "edge of chaos". This framework enables us to take advantage of the nonlinearity of this "fabricated" wireless environment to overcome link degradation due to model mismatch. Accordingly, the randomness of the wireless channel and RF imperfections are naturally embedded into the RC framework, enabling the internal RC dynamics lying on the edge of chaos. Furthermore, several practical issues, such as channel state information acquisition, passive beamforming design, and physical layer reference signal design, are discussed.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Predicting Eye Fixations Under Distortion Using Bayesian Observers</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03675">arxiv:2102.03675</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zhengzhong Tu</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Visual attention is very an essential factor that affects how human perceives visual signals. This report investigates how distortions in an image could distract human's visual attention using Bayesian visual search models, specifically, Maximum-a-posteriori (MAP) \cite{findlay1982global}\cite{eckstein2001quantifying} and Entropy Limit Minimization (ELM) \cite{najemnik2009simple}, which predict eye fixation movements based on a Bayesian probabilistic framework. Experiments on modified MAP and ELM models on JPEG-compressed images containing blocking or ringing artifacts were conducted and we observed that compression artifacts can affect visual attention. We hope this work sheds light on the interactions between visual attention and perceptual quality.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Generating Artificial Core Users for Interpretable Condensed Data</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03674">arxiv:2102.03674</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Amy Nesky, Quentin F. Stout</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Recent work has shown that in a dataset of user ratings on items there exists a group of Core Users who hold most of the information necessary for recommendation. This set of Core Users can be as small as 20 percent of the users. Core Users can be used to make predictions for out-of-sample users without much additional work. Since Core Users substantially shrink a ratings dataset without much loss of information, they can be used to improve recommendation efficiency. We propose a method, combining latent factor models, ensemble boosting and K-means clustering, to generate a small set of Artificial Core Users (ACUs) from real Core User data. Our ACUs have dense rating information, and improve the recommendation performance of real Core Users while remaining interpretable.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Streaming k-PCA: Efficient guarantees for Oja's algorithm, beyond rank-one updates</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03646">arxiv:2102.03646</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>De Huang, Jonathan Niles-Weed, Rachel Ward</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** We analyze Oja's algorithm for streaming $k$-PCA and prove that it achieves performance nearly matching that of an optimal offline algorithm. Given access to a sequence of i.i.d. $d \times d$ symmetric matrices, we show that Oja's algorithm can obtain an accurate approximation to the subspace of the top $k$ eigenvectors of their expectation using a number of samples that scales polylogarithmically with $d$. Previously, such a result was only known in the case where the updates have rank one. Our analysis is based on recently developed matrix concentration tools, which allow us to prove strong bounds on the tails of the random matrices which arise in the course of the algorithm's execution.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Extremal learning: extremizing the output of a neural network in regression problems</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03626">arxiv:2102.03626</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Zakaria Patel, Markus Rummel</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Neural networks allow us to model complex relationships between variables. We show how to efficiently find extrema of a trained neural network in regression problems. Finding the extremizing input of an approximated model is formulated as the training of an additional neural network with a loss function that minimizes when the extremizing input is achieved. We further show how to incorporate additional constraints on the input vector such as limiting the extrapolation of the extremizing input vector from the original training data set. An instructional example of this approach using TensorFlow is included.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Linear Matrix Inequality Approaches to Koopman Operator Approximation</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03613">arxiv:2102.03613</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Steven Dahdah, James Richard Forbes</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The regression problem associated with finding a matrix approximation of the Koopman operator from data is considered. The regression problem is formulated as a convex optimization problem subject to linear matrix inequality (LMI) constraints. Doing so allows for additional LMI constraints to be incorporated into the regression problem. In particular, asymptotic stability constraints, regularization using matrix norms, and even regularization using system norms can be easily incorporated into the regression problem.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Convolutional Neural Network-based Intrusion Detection System for AVTP Streams in Automotive Ethernet-based Networks</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03546">arxiv:2102.03546</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Seonghoon Jeong, Boosun Jeon, Boheung Chung, Huy Kang Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Connected and autonomous vehicles (CAVs) are an innovative form of traditional vehicles. Automotive Ethernet replaces the controller area network and FlexRay to support the large throughput required by high-definition applications. As CAVs have numerous functions, they exhibit a large attack surface and an increased vulnerability to attacks. However, no previous studies have focused on intrusion detection in automotive Ethernet-based networks. In this paper, we present an intrusion detection method for detecting audio-video transport protocol (AVTP) stream injection attacks in automotive Ethernet-based networks. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first such method developed for automotive Ethernet. The proposed intrusion detection model is based on feature generation and a convolutional neural network (CNN). To evaluate our intrusion detection system, we built a physical BroadR-Reach-based testbed and captured real AVTP packets. The experimental results show that the model exhibits outstanding performance: the F1-score and recall are greater than 0.9704 and 0.9949, respectively. In terms of the inference time per input and the generation intervals of AVTP traffic, our CNN model can readily be employed for real-time detection.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Continuous Monitoring of Blood Pressure with Evidential Regression</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03542">arxiv:2102.03542</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Hyeongju Kim, Woo Hyun Kang, Hyeonseung Lee, Nam Soo Kim</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Photoplethysmogram (PPG) signal-based blood pressure (BP) estimation is a promising candidate for modern BP measurements, as PPG signals can be easily obtained from wearable devices in a non-invasive manner, allowing quick BP measurement. However, the performance of existing machine learning-based BP measuring methods still fall behind some BP measurement guidelines and most of them provide only point estimates of systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP). In this paper, we present a cutting-edge method which is capable of continuously monitoring BP from the PPG signal and satisfies healthcare criteria such as the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI) and the British Hypertension Society (BHS) standards. Furthermore, the proposed method provides the reliability of the predicted BP by estimating its uncertainty to help diagnose medical condition based on the model prediction. Experiments on the MIMIC II database verify the state-of-the-art performance of the proposed method under several metrics and its ability to accurately represent uncertainty in prediction.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>A Greedy Graph Search Algorithm Based on Changepoint Analysis for Automatic QRS Complex Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03538">arxiv:2102.03538</a>
&#x1F4C8; 1 <br>
<p>Atiyeh Fotoohinasab, Toby Hocking, Fatemeh Afghah</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** The electrocardiogram (ECG) signal is the most widely used non-invasive tool for the investigation of cardiovascular diseases. Automatic delineation of ECG fiducial points, in particular the R-peak, serves as the basis for ECG processing and analysis. This study proposes a new method of ECG signal analysis by introducing a new class of graphical models based on optimal changepoint detection models, named the graph-constrained changepoint detection (GCCD) model. The GCCD model treats fiducial points delineation in the non-stationary ECG signal as a changepoint detection problem. The proposed model exploits the sparsity of changepoints to detect abrupt changes within the ECG signal; thereby, the R-peak detection task can be relaxed from any preprocessing step. In this novel approach, prior biological knowledge about the expected sequence of changes is incorporated into the model using the constraint graph, which can be defined manually or automatically. First, we define the constraint graph manually; then, we present a graph learning algorithm that can search for an optimal graph in a greedy scheme. Finally, we compare the manually defined graphs and learned graphs in terms of graph structure and detection accuracy. We evaluate the performance of the algorithm using the MIT-BIH Arrhythmia Database. The proposed model achieves an overall sensitivity of 99.64%, positive predictivity of 99.71%, and detection error rate of 0.19 for the manually defined constraint graph and overall sensitivity of 99.76%, positive predictivity of 99.68%, and detection error rate of 0.55 for the automatic learning constraint graph.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>FedMood: Federated Learning on Mobile Health Data for Mood Detection</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.09342">arxiv:2102.09342</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Xiaohang Xu, Hao Peng, Lichao Sun, Md Zakirul Alam Bhuiyan, Lianzhong Liu, Lifang He</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Depression is one of the most common mental illness problems, and the symptoms shown by patients are not consistent, making it difficult to diagnose in the process of clinical practice and pathological research. Although researchers hope that artificial intelligence can contribute to the diagnosis and treatment of depression, the traditional centralized machine learning needs to aggregate patient data, and the data privacy of patients with mental illness needs to be strictly confidential, which hinders machine learning algorithms clinical application. To solve the problem of privacy of the medical history of patients with depression, we implement federated learning to analyze and diagnose depression. First, we propose a general multi-view federated learning framework using multi-source data, which can extend any traditional machine learning model to support federated learning across different institutions or parties. Secondly, we adopt late fusion methods to solve the problem of inconsistent time series of multi-view data. Finally, we compare the federated framework with other cooperative learning frameworks in performance and discuss the related results.

</p>
</details>

<details><summary><b>Directed percolation and numerical stability of simulations of digital memcomputing machines</b>
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03547">arxiv:2102.03547</a>
&#x1F4C8; 0 <br>
<p>Yuan-Hang Zhang, Massimiliano Di Ventra</p></summary>
<p>

**Abstract:** Digital memcomputing machines (DMMs) are a novel, non-Turing class of machines designed to solve combinatorial optimization problems. They can be physically realized with continuous-time, non-quantum dynamical systems with memory (time non-locality), whose ordinary differential equations (ODEs) can be numerically integrated on modern computers. Solutions of many hard problems have been reported by numerically integrating the ODEs of DMMs, showing substantial advantages over state-of-the-art solvers. To investigate the reasons behind the robustness and effectiveness of this method, we employ three explicit integration schemes (forward Euler, trapezoid and Runge-Kutta 4th order) with a constant time step, to solve 3-SAT instances with planted solutions. We show that, (i) even if most of the trajectories in the phase space are destroyed by numerical noise, the solution can still be achieved; (ii) the forward Euler method, although having the largest numerical error, solves the instances in the least amount of function evaluations; and (iii) when increasing the integration time step, the system undergoes a "solvable-unsolvable transition" at a critical threshold, which needs to decay at most as a power law with the problem size, to control the numerical errors. To explain these results, we model the dynamical behavior of DMMs as directed percolation of the state trajectory in the phase space in the presence of noise. This viewpoint clarifies the reasons behind their numerical robustness and provides an analytical understanding of the unsolvable-solvable transition. These results land further support to the usefulness of DMMs in the solution of hard combinatorial optimization problems.

</p>
</details>


[Next Page](2021/2021-02/2021-02-05.md)
